Nice, clean, pet-friendly hotel. But I'm not quite sure what make it "luxury" in nature. The rooms are small, but that's to be expected I suppose in a big city. However, I had a chance to visit a different hotel, a 3 star, in the same area, and the rooms were 2x as big. The rooms were decorated in a very boutique quality, with red/white stripes. The bathrooms were small, and very very plain. Nothing close to some of the luxury hotels I've stayed in in the past. But the hotel was very clean, comfortable, and in walking distance of most of the downtown attractions, which was what I was looking for. For the price I got on Hotwire, it was great. For the regular going luxury hotel price, not so much. Now the hospitality. The hotel staff were very nice for the most part, but I had read so many reviews about how they went above and beyond. This was not the case when I visited. I looked like crap when I arrived at the hotel - after delays at the airport, and 2 layovers, I looked about 15 years old, with terrible bed hair. I got to the hotel in the middle of the day, and the two doorman just looked at me. No "Let me grab the door" or "Let me help you with your luggage." Just looked at me, grunted a "hey, good afternoon" and went back to talking. This ended up being the last time I ever saw a doorman for my entire weekend stay. Got to the front desk, and immediately, the clerk judged either my appearance, or my booking through Hotwire. He mumbled a few things about the hotel, gave me my key, and went back to doing whatever he was doing. A girl at the desk was checking in a different customer, a older, male gentleman, and went through a clear, welcoming explanation of the hotel and amenities, and asked if he was a Klimpton member. He said no, and she explained how he could sign up for free internet. All of which was never even asked, or mentioned to me. I looked back at my clerk and said "Um, Im a member. how do I access the internet?" He suddenly became a lot nicer. From then on, I really didn't bother with the hotel staff. The cleaning crew were very nice and helpful however. They helped me out when I couldn't find my toothpaste and the front desk said "Oh we ran out." uh. huh. The last day I needed a taxi, and told the front desk to call one 10mins before I checked out (Seattle is not known for its cab services...so you really have to call in advance). I walked out...no cab. "Oh we called! He should be here asap" 10mins later, no cab. I asked the front desk to call again, and they said "Oh sure, in a bit" Um. No. I ended up taking a gypsy cab that I hailed myself that cost me 2x as much, but I had a business meeting and I was nearly late. I guess I would recommend it, for the price on hotwire ($90 a night), for the cleanliness, the location, and the cleaning staff. But the hospitality left a lot to be desired.