I stayed at Hotel Monaco because I was sent to Seattle for work, and it was located close to the office. I got a decent rate of $132/night for a room with a King bed. The hotel is definitely fairly well kept up and the service is friendly. I like the fact that they have wine served in the lobby between 5P-6P, and coffee and tea served between 7A-9A, courtesy of the hotel. However, I found that the lobby gets pretty packed with guests wanting their free coffee/wine on the weekends so there's no place to sit down. Also, one morning they ran out of coffee in the lobby, and we had to wait 15 minutes for them to bring out some more. The hotel's restaurant, Sazerac, is a good restaurant with pretty good drinks. It was convenient being able to get a nice dinner in the hotel. Just be sure to make reservations for dinner, since it can get pretty busy there during Happy Hour on the weeknights. The thing I wasn't so happy about with the hotel are its thin walls. I could hear my neighbors talking and moving about, and could really feel the neighbor's kids jumping on the bed. It makes you wonder if there would be any privacy for a romantic weekend, if you get my drift. Also, the doors on the tv cabinet were askew. Also, I'm not sure why it's so difficult to find a decent workout room in a hotel. I tried out Hotel Monaco's fitness room, and found that the equipment was pretty out-dated. The one treadmill in the room wasn't evening working, and they charged guests if they wanted to hook headsets into the tv monitors attached to the machines. There were no mats to sit and stretch on and the quarters were tight. I'm accustomed to cycling machines, but the resistance of Monaco's cycling machine was really off, and I had a difficult time cycling with just a resistance of 2, which should be really easy. Although the goldfish rentals appear to appeal to some, it seems a little abusive to me. I was uncomfortable with seeing the "used" goldfish, left out in front of the rooms, once the guests were done with them. Maybe Hotel Monaco should just set up a nice, well-kept stationary fish tank in the lobby for all to enjoy. I bet the fish would be happier, and isn't that the point of the fish tanks? It's supposed to be for animal lovers. Overall, Hotel Monaco was a comfortable place to stay. I like it's smaller size, compared to the Sheraton and Hyatt down the street. It gives it a more cozy feel, and probably encourages more personal service. The location is very convenient for sightseeing, yet far enough away from the noisier downtown shopping areas near Nordstrom's.