Cute hotel, but lobby was shabby and should've been redecorated/refurbished years ago. The bed and room were clean and comfortable, although the sheets were greyed/dingy with age (a shame - how much do sheets cost and how often do they replace them???) Location was great, within walking distance of most attractions, shopping, eating and bars - but can be kind of difficult with people with walking disabilities (I have bad knees and it was rather painful for me, especially with the HILLS - Seattle is VERY HILLY in lots of areas). My husband had no trouble at all walking all over the place (he 'scouted' out the area). The staff was very friendly and helpful, esp. the consigner (sp?). Our room was eye level with the parking garage; we asked to be moved - was granted the request but the room was on a lower level and the noise level would have been terrible at night (the view was much better, though), but we opted for 'quiet' instead of 'view' and stayed where we were. Seattle is a beautiful city, but it's hilly and it's filled with a lot of weirdo's and freaks of all ages, and I'm not just talking about the homeless - which there were plenty of them, also. Occupy Seattle was going on when we were there, and they were all tattooed, pierced, weird dressed, dirty/nasty drudge/dred locked, grungy-looking young people, and we have young adult kids ourselves, in addition to other young people in our city, so we KNOW what 'weird' looks like. As soon as we entered downtown Seattle, we saw an Occupy Seattle person sitting in a pretty, flowered/treed area, smoking a cigarette and holding a handmade sign that read: Kill Wall Street and had a skull and bones sign drawn on it. Not a very pleasant welcoming to Seattle, I thought. There was also a huge paddy wagon (VERY large van) and tons of policemen at the main gathering site of the protesters, which was downtown in the main shopping district. Seattle IS a nice place, but its a shame there are so many weirdos around. Hopefully the protesters will move on by the time future visitors visit this lovely city. This hotel is o.k. if youre on a budget and have no trouble walking, and IF you get a good rate  we got it for $99, so we couldnt pass it up. I didn't rate this hotel very high because there's no reason why hotels have dingy/grey looking sheets - it lowers one's opinions about the place, even if the room itself is very clean. Our room also had the old tube tv, but that didn't matter to me but it might matter to others.