My husband and I stayed at the Warwick from October 2-6. We arrived very late (after midnight) and have to say I was somewhat disappointed in the customer service at that time. Our room was #1905 on the top floor. It was basically a bedroom off a suite, as it had two connecting doors. We did request to be moved but were told the hotel was sold out and there were no more available rooms, which I found hard to believe. We decided to stay with the room rather than move the next day. Our view of the Space Needle was great although the balcony they advertise is no more than a stand-only balcony. Still nice to get fresh air though if you want it. We had very little noise even though we were right across from the elevator. I think floor 19 is a suite-only floor so there weren't many guests. Also, being so high up we didn't hear any street noise. Our room was decently sized with a queen size bed, separate area sink with mini bar, large desk, two side tables and large entertainment armoire/dresser with an older TV. Internet service was expensive - we paid $25 for three days. Room service was also expensive, which is expected, but was very tasty. We ordered breakfast one morning and it was delivered quickly and was very good. I was a bit disappointed in the concierge - they couldn't recommend a dance club when asked and their method was to search the internet for it - something I'd already done myself but was just looking for a recommendation. The location was great - a few blocks from the Space Needle and EMP and close to Pike's Place Market and the waterfront. Lots of shopping places nearby also and a small Ralph's grocery across the street. I used the gym a few times - there is also an indoor pool. The gym is small but has newer cardio equipment and a nice selection of hand weights. Overall I wasn't too impressed with the hotel other than the location. The rooms were decent but nothing spectacular, the customer service not that great and their cost for the internet was high.