Stayed at the Warwick on October 7 and 8, after booking through Expedia. It's a good hotel for the price, with nice rooms, restaurant, and pool/hot tub. The location is perfect, as you can park your car (Seattle is a CRAZY city to drive in) and walk everywhere. Only one problem with the stay. We were on the 8th floor, with a great view of the Space Needle. Late on Saturday night, the entire floor suddenly erupted in one huge party. The noise was incredible, as a large group of young people (not sure if they were high school or college age) were running up and down the hall, in and out of rooms with doors slamming, knocking on doors - including ours - and yelling and throwing things from the balcony to the street below. After several calls to the front desk, we asked to move to a different floor which, in spite of the hassle of having to pack our bags and relocate in the middle of the night, resolved the issue a(t least for us). We got a note of apology in our new room, along with a voucher for breakfast. I travel quite a bit, and have never run into this before. I'm not sure what a hotel can do in this situation - maybe some hotel owners or managers could explain what the policy is? One of the problems was apparently that there were several floors where the same thing was happening, and the hotel security was overwhelmed. The front desk clerk told me that as long as the guests were in their rooms, they were 'following hotel noise policy', which doesn't seem reasonable to me, if correct. In this case, it was more than simple rowdiness or high energy. I heard a voice from the next balcony saying 'Hey, don't -- on those people on the street!'! As well, when we finally did get a new room, the route to the elevator was blocked with a mass of people - on the floor, couples making out against the walls, people running up and down the hallways etc. Anyone have similar experiences or thoughts on this? Or, if you're a parent of someone who was on a school trip to Seattle over the Columbus Day weekend, and your child was staying at the Warwick, you might want to ask some pointed questions! Anyway, the hotel itself was fine, great location, reasonable price. Parking anywhere in Seattle is expensive, but at the Warwick there was secure parking available, and the location was easy to get to and leave from.