My husband and I stayed at the Warwick after a company party. I had made our reservations well in advance in order to secure a special group rate for our company's partygoers. The reservations agent that I spoke with was pleasant, thorough, and helpful - he made sure that I understood what I would need to know about my reservation. Our first discrepancy occurred upon arrival. I had researched, at the Warwick's own website, the cost of overnight parking - it stated that it was $21.00 effective March 1, 2005. When we arrived, however, the parking attendant informed us that it was $18.00 and that we could add it to our bill. Upon check-in, this information changed again and we were instead informed that parking was indeed $21.00. Honestly, I believe that both amounts are ridiculously overpriced, especially considering that other hotel guests paid much more for their reservations and still had to pay this outrageous parking fee. Regardless, I disregarded the discrepancy and signed my bill. I wasn't going to cause a stink over $3.00. The bill was the second discrepancy of the afternoon - our company was given a group rate of $79.00 per night, however, my check-in information stated that it was $75.00. I shrugged this off as well, figuring that it made up for the miscommunication with regards to the cost of parking. The room itself was lovely. We were pleased with its setup and cleanliness and I really admired the furniture. While a fan in the bathroom would have been nice, it was easily overlooked once we opened the curtains and looked out onto the city - what a great view! Upon check-out the next morning, we again met with inconsistencies. Our bill was slid under the door of our room prior to our departure, so I reviewed it for accuracy. Suddenly the room rate was $79.00 again! While this was the rate that I had expected to pay, I was a little annoyed with the constant miscommunication. Not only that, but there were others from my company staying at the Warwick also - they had also mentioned checking in at a rate of $75.00. When my husband and I arrived at the front desk to check out (for some reason, video checkout would not work for our room), I mentioned these discrepancies to the front desk clerk. I made it clear, or so I thought, that I wasn't worried about the small amount of money that these miscommunications involved ($7.00, all told), but that I wanted someone to know what had happened. I wasn't even able to get out that I knew others that had been advised $75.00 at check-in that may be, well, more vocal than I was being. The desk clerk seemed clearly put out by this information and gave me short, quick answers to my questions. He informed me that the garage attendents were still having trouble remembering that their rate had changed and that the company party rate was $79.00. I explained to him again that I was okay with paying $79.00, but wanted him to realize that the paperwork provided at check-in stated $75.00. Honestly, he huffed and puffed and then took $4.00 off my bill. Really? I didn't care about the money. I just wanted him, or anyone, to know that people were being misinformed. My husband, who is quick to tell me when I'm getting overbearing and pushy (aren't all husbands good for that?), agreed that I had not done anything of the sort when speaking with the desk clerk. Overall, I can't give this hotel more than 3 stars. The hotel itself is beautiful and centrally located, but the service and attention we received was far from expectation.