After reading the various reviews from many travel websites, including TA, I chose to make reservations at this quaint boutique hotel because of its location adjacent to Pike's Place Market. The only downside to being in this crowded vicinity was that the site of the hotel was on a very small lot sandwiched between stores and other apartment buildings. It just felt a little too claustrophobic. The compensation for this dilemma is the wonderful common balcony area on the second floor which overlooked Pike's Place Market partially and afforded a full view of Seattle Harbor. On the flipside, because of the location, it was very convenient to grab meals anytime of the day because of the various delis and restaurants in the area. Also, it was walking distance to shopping malls, supermarkets, movie theaters and not to mention, the original Starbucks just down the hill. Be wary, though, of the many panhandlers and homeless when walking about. If you have a car, there is no self parking unless, you can find a public parking garage somewhere close by, otherwise the hotel has valet service and there is a parking charge of about $30.00 per night. Despite the fact that the location is in a busy neighborhood, the noise factor was remarkably not an issue, especially since we were on the second floor overlooking the street and stores. We had a room with double beds and ample room for a family with 2 active boys. It was clean and neat, but nothing spectacular. I thought the staff were cordial enough and helpful, but not overly helpful. The place exuded a very low key ambiance. Maybe it was the dim lighting or the fire place in the lobby that contributed to the effect. Overall, the room was decent, the hotel was small, the location was adequate, the atmosphere was sublime and the staff were professional. The room rate is perhaps justified because of the location at Pike's Place Market where everything seems to be overpriced. Not that I had an unpleasant experience at Inn at the Market, mind you, but I probably would try another hotel in Seattle, just for the change in scenery.