My husband and I were excited about staying at the Inn at the Market, due to the great reviews. Our room was a standard one, with a somewhat disappointing view of the wall of the building across the courtyard, on the 3rd floor. Not a big deal, since we could go up to the rooftop terrace if we wanted a great view. I will say the best thing about the Inn was the location. Pike Place Market is a great place to leisurely explore, and it's right there. My husband walked down across the street every morning to get fresh hot croissants and coffee for breakfast, and we visited the bakeries many times for late night snacks. My biggest complaint was the Tempurpedic mattress. Everyone else in these reviews rave about them, but my back hated it! I have chronic low back pain anyway (and was 6 months pregnant when we went), and was really looking forward to some great sleep, but wound up hurting terribly. In fact, I wound up having to sleep sitting up in bed because laying down was so painful. On our 3rd day there I asked the person at the front desk if I could get a cot in my room because the bed was really uncomfortable to me and they told me it was against fire code. I don't know if that's the truth or not, but it sure wasn't what I wanted to hear. They didn't seem to care too much that a pregnant patron wasn't able to sleep at all on their beds. Smaller complaints: my husband and I stopped at the front desk to ask directions from Discovery Park over to the zoo, two of the places we were planning on visiting. The girl handed us a Budget rental car map and circled each place on there for us. She didn't try to help us out with the best route to take from one to the next, even though we asked, just pointed out each place again as if to brush us off. Obviously we can read a map and did find our way, but I was once again disappointed in the service. Also, the room was very noisy due to all the street noise, especially in the morning as trucks unloaded their stuff for the day at the market. It didn't bother us too badly, because we sleep with a white noise machine which helps to mask it. I can't imagine the racket we would have had to listen to without it. So be aware of that potential problem. Overall, our experience was still pleasant, though, mostly due to the location of the hotel. The room was clean, the bathroom large and nicely stocked, and the terrace view was really amazing. However, we can't go back because of the beds which is a shame. They should offer some rooms without the Tempurpedic mattresses.