My husband and I stayed at the Ace Hotel in Seattle for three nights and I was excited to book the room since the style of the hotel was far more up our alley than a floral B&B or a Motel 6. We were happy with the first impressions. Our room was decent sized and bright on a corner with two windows (its one pictured on their website) and with a Shepard Fairey wall. We asked the desk clerk about parking, since it does state on the website there is off street parking available. He wouldn't tell us anything more than if you got street parking stay there until 8am when they start charging. We couldn't get any lot info from him, so we drug our luggage to the room. Once we headed to bed things got worse. The bed size is not listed on the website and I assumed it would be queen. The beds are full sized which made sleeping comfortably a little difficult, but there wasn't much sleep happening in that room. The room was above a bar, with a loading/delivery zone on one corner and a bus stop on the other. The noise was staggering and continued all through the night and into the morning when we had to wake early to go feed the meter. Also the glowing light from the hall showing through the window above the door was annoying and I never saw it turned off. The next day we requested to move (and in fairness the rest of the staff we dealt with were very nice and accommodating) but we were unable to move until the following night because the hotel was full. On a plus side, the shared bathrooms were never an issue finding one free, and the breakfast did include coffee, tea, fresh waffles, toast, granola, juice, yogurt and apples. There are also piles of good magazines available for guests, and robes in the rooms to use. The second night I slept slightly better because I used earplugs (which I do not find an acceptable solution) and we did again have to wake early to deal with the car. The third night we were moved to a smaller interior room which was considerably quieter (we downed out the music we could still hear with the fan) and it was across the hall from the bathrooms. This room, without anything on the walls, definitely felt like a nice dorm room. However we did sleep better. All in all I would recommend this hotel if you are traveling alone or with friends and do not plan on doing much sleeping, or perhaps you have loud roommates who come home drunk and play loud music all the time. The location is good for walking to attractions like the space needle and the market, and we did find a few good restaurants nearby. I just dont know if I would stay here again.