Wanting to take our 2 teenage kids to see another city, Seattle was next on our list. I decided to book 2 deluxe rooms at the Mayflower Park hotel based on its location and positive reviews here on Tripadvisor. We prefer to stay at hotels that have a local feel, rather than a corporate hotel. This hotel fit that bill. Our rooms were nicely furnished. My husband and I had a corner room (I specifically requested because the deluxe ones are slightly larger). On the 10th floor we had a fun view of the Macy's marquee out one window and the Seattle Space Needle out the other. Our kids shared a double queen that had 2 seperate bathrooms! and an amazing picture view ot the Needle. Having 2 bathrooms for the kids was a very pleasant surprise, because the bathrooms are not large. One of my few complaints about this hotel is the lack of vanity space and the very low water pressure (at least on the 10th floor.) I am not sure exactly how many rooms have this double bathroom feature, but I would ask about it if I were booking here again. The hoitel is located right next to the Monorail to visit EMP and the Space Needle. We all enjoyed EMP. Views from the top of the Needle were gorgeous and we were able to see all the way to Canada and all of the surrounding snow covered mountains. The Mayflower Park is very well located to ALL of the major shopping and just a few blocks from Pikes Place Market and lots of great places to have dinner. We really enjoyed Etta's Seafood. It had a great Seattle vibe, and something for everyone. Our best breakfast was sharing a bag of just fried dounut holes from a vendor at Pikes Place Market and coffee. As I said before, I had few complaints. I do see room for improvement in two areas: better beds (they move ALOT when ever your partner moves) and larger bath towels would be nice. My husband and I had cocktails down at Oliver's in the lobby. Nice bar. We did have a forgettable breakfast at the hotel and did not return to eat any other meals there. Having access to free wireless in our room was nice, too. All considered it is a good, centrally located historic hotel.