My friend and I stayed at the Moore for one night during the memorial day weekend. I booked a hotel in Seattle for the rest of the stay and just needed a hotel for the first night--which was difficult to find since all the hotels seemed to be booked on that night. So I found the Moore as a fluke through tripadvisor.com-- I did a search for hotels that were under $100 dollars a night in the downtown region and the Moore came up and ranked #15 of all seattle hotels. I read through the reviews and was a little nervous at first since some compared it to a hostel or sleazy motel. But I noticed those reviews were quite early and the most recent reviews were pretty favorable so I decided to book. Plus the night my friend and I arrived in Seattle we had to catch a show at the Crocodile Cafe--which was only 3 blocks away from the moore. When we got to the hotel, we observed how a couple in front of us were treated since there was a mix up with their reservation. apparently they reserved two queen beds with private bath, but since there was a glitch in the reservation system (that neglected to acknowlege that the two queen rooms were sold out) the person at the front desk offered the couple a room with 2 beds and a single that was connected together at a discounted price. When it became our turn to check in, he did the same for us except we got a room with 1 queen bed and 1 and twin bed. The person at the front desk was really nice and cordial. Now on to the actual hotel... The room was decently clean but no frills--lacked little amenities such as remote control. But I think the lobby had a free internet terminal and I saw a few people downstairs using wireless. Since the moore is located in the heart of Seattle's trendy Belltown neighborhood as soon as you step out of the moore, there's tons of bars and restaurants at your feet at night, and litlte trendy shops and salons to visit in the day. Pike Place Market is an easy walk as well. So it's not bad considering the price (esp with the 10 dollar discount) and convenient location, so it's definitely recommended for students or others on a budget.