I was in town for the weekend on business and found the hotel to be a marginally average place to stay if you will not be spending a lot of time in the room. I reserved their "deluxe suite" which was quite small (I'd hate to see what the standard room looks like, probably a closet). It was only manageable for a single traveler. The bed was comfortable and the TV had a nice array of channels. The bathroom was quite small as well and not built for someone over 5ft6. You cannot close the door without lifting up your knees if you are on the commode. The tub appeared to be stained which wasn't very nice to look at but the shower was nice. I found the heat/ac unit to be rather old and clunky. You cannot do much to control either. There is just a fan option. When I arrived the room was super hot and stuffy. The window only opens 6 inches (to prevent people from jumping since the room is so hot I assume) so it took a while for the room to air out and cool down. The front desk staff seemed rather aloof and disinterested in their customers as well. Do not use the vending machines in the hotel, they charge $2.00 for a can of soda!! Instead, take a walk to the Bartels drugstore just a few blocks south of the hotel and purchase beverages and snacks. On the bright side, the fabulous Seattle Public Library is right next door and there is decent WiFi in the room. This hotel is best for those who do not plan on driving since parking is expensive and minimal. One guest was given the incorrect parking instructions and was told he had to pay $87 for parking since the staff told him the wrong complex so beware if you are parking there, make sure you are given directions to the absolute correct complex. Also, Spring Street is a pretty vertical hill so if you are walking there from a Light Rail terminal, stay on 4th or 5th Ave to avoid having to walk up that crazy hill with your luggage. Other than that, it was an okay stay. I would only recommend this hotel if you do not plan on spending much time in the room, aren't brining a car, aren't too picky about temperature, are a single traveler on a budget, or enjoy walking up hills.