I booked this hotel on priceline for $88 a night. For the money I paid, I could not have been more pleased!! However, if I had paid the full price of $150+, I would not have been so happy. The lobby was trendy and relaxing. The staff very friendly and helpful. But when I stepped on the elevator, I became concerned of what I had gotten myself into. The elevators are old and remind me of what you see in a horror movie before the hotel becomes haunted :-) Aside from the lobby, the entire hotel has an old, musty smell. The carpet is frayed along the seems, and the paint needs to be scraped and re-done. The hardware (door handles, hinges, etc) need replacing, as do the windows and window hardware. There was a weird ledge underneath all the windows in my room that just looked tacky. The TV in the bedroom sat on the ledge rather than having a TV stand/armoire...again, tacky. The TVs were LCD flat panels, but had poor quality pictures due to the awful signal they were receiving. It was a shame to have nice TVs but have such poor picture quality. The windows cracked open about 4 inches which let in some nice fresh afternoon air, but had to be closed at night due to the expected downtown noise. Upon check in I requested a room with a nice view of the sound. The man at the front desk upgraded me to a King Corner Suite! I was surprised considering I had booked my room through priceline. I certainly can't complain about my room, especially since I only paid $88 a night AND got a free suite upgrade. However, if I had paid full price, I would be quite disappointed in the quality of the room. The TV in the sitting area was not straight and looked as if it was going to fall off the wall. The cables from the TV hung down the wall in a haphazard way. The sofa in the sitting area was not meant to be sat on! It was old, uncomfortable, and just ackward. The suite had a small refrigerator with complimentary bottles of water. It also had a coffe maker with (awful) coffee and a wonderful tea assortment. There was a safe and iron/ironing board. I found it odd that in a king suite they only provided one bath robe, but I'm sure if I had requested another they would have provided it. The bathroom was the most up to date part of the room. It was obvious the majority of their recent renovation budget was focused on the bathrooms. I found it odd that the door was on a sliding track, similar to a pocket door. It provided little privacy from the rest of the room. The tub was small and would have been nice to have a seperate tub and shower instead of a combination. I loved the mirror and lighting in the bathroom!! And the Aveda toiletries were a nice compliment as well. The bed was comfortable, not great, not horrible. The bedroom had a view of the Space Needle, Lake Union, Puget Sound, Qwest and Safeco fields, and in the far distance UW (if you know what you're looking for). :-) Overall, it was a good hotel for the price I paid. The location wasn't great for downtown tourist attractions, but it wasn't horrible either. Don't plan on walking back to the hotel alone after dark, however. There were many questionable people on the streets after dark. It felt a bit out of the tourist area, but still within a 15 minute walk to Pike Place, Benaroya Hall, Game Works, the movie theater, and shopping. There is also a free bus route that runs through downtown. It picks up every half hour right across the street from the hotel! It is best to catch a bus back to the hotel as the walk back is on a significant incline.