Booked a single king room for a Saturday night via Priceline for $110. Would have prefered a location closer to the shopping district and Pike Place, but it was fine for us as we don't mind walking. Room was clean and modern with standard amenities including mini-fridge filled with 2 complimentary bottles of water. Free wireless in common areas but not in rooms. We requested a room on a higher floor away from the highway but was only able to secure a room on the 22nd floor on the highway side. Luckily, we didn't notice the highway traffic at all while sleeping. However, we did find the air conditioner/heater to be quite noisy as it would turn on and off periodically throughout the night. The $30 non valet parking does give you in and out privileges, but the parkade beneath the hotel is difficult to navigate. Upon returning to the hotel at 1030 or 11pm, we drove all the way to the bottom of the parkade but could not find an empty spot - even in the restricted area reserved for valet parking! Luckily, on our way out of the parkade, we found one empty stall at the parkade entrance that was previously filled. We weren't upset, but we did find it odd that such a huge hotel had such limited parking available for guests. When we mentioned our parking incident at check-out the next morning, the concierge explained that there had been a wedding at the hotel the previous night and that, had we not been able to find a parking spot, we could have driven the car back up to the hotel entrance and the valet could have secured a spot for us on the street. He also mentioned that parking is free in downtown Seattle on Saturdays after 6pm and all day Sunday, so we actually could have found street parking ourselves for our one night stay! We enjoyed our stay at this hotel but nothing in particular stood out to us as amazing. It's listed as a 4 star on many websites as it offers many amenities (none of which we utilized), but it feels more like a 3.5 star. I would stay here again but only at a discounted rate.