I recently stayed at this hotel as part of a conference with multiple non-profit organizations. The location of the hotel is ok, but do be aware that you will need to do a little walking to get to a plethora of restaurants. Within 6 blocks or so, one can be in the midst of shops, restaurants, etc. The hotel itself is ok but I'm not sure I would call it a 4 star hotel but perhaps more of a 3.5 star. As a meeting planner, my reviews are based on more than the hotel room itself and take the meeting space and hotel amenities into consideration. At check-in, I was placed on the Club Level - 26th floor. My room was spacious with a king bed and two chairs. The view from my room included city sights as well as the freeway and in the distance on a clear day, one can see the snow capped mountains. Amenities: The hotel offers a decent sized fitness center on the 28th floor along with an indoor pool and hot tub. The hotel also offers a Business Center on the lower level of the hotel, however, it is costly to use ($1.20 per page printed black ink only) and while I was there, the equipment consistently was out of order. Meeting Space: I was not impressed by the meeting space. I felt it was older and needed renovations and is far too spread out over 5 floors. The first three levels on which the meeting space is located are connected by escalators but the additional 2 floors require use of the stairs or elevator. The rooms themselves are standard rooms though some have windows with a view. Food: The hotel offers one restaurant, one restaurant/bar, one coffee shop/bar and in-room dining. Food prices are consistent with most other hotels. Catering for events was perfectly fine and I was happy the hotel was willing to meet the diverse dietary needs of my group (vegetarian, vegan, gluten-intolerant, etc.). Room service was prompt and hot (unlike many hotels I have visited). Overall, I would recommend this hotel to others though I am not sure I would host an event here again due to the layout of the meeting space. My main complaint about the hotel is the elevators. While I understand that my meeting included over 600 attendees, I was on the 26th floor and consistently had to wait for quite a while for an elevator to get to various floors. Though this hotel has 5 elevators, an addition of two more elevators would be ideal as they move fairly slowly and seem to not respond as quickly as in other properties in which I have stayed.