One of the first things that strikes you about this hotel is that there is no portico, or drive/drop area. Yeah, around the side there are two "3 minute drop" spots...but, realistically your chances of snagging one of these is limited, so you're pretty well forced to pull into the underground parking structure. The parking garage is "unique" in its layout and not user friendly. Getting your luggage/gear into the hotel involves going up several floors to the lobby, to register...then getting one of the bell staff to follow you back down to the vehicle with a cart. It works...and the staff are very eager to assist. Just a tad inconvenient for someone arriving with a vehicle. The location of this hotel is NOT very convenient for a tourist wanting to walk around the various downtown core areas...it's way too far away...Pikes Market is a long shlep...and almost entirely UPHILL on the return...my advice: walk down, taxi back...don't even think of driving into this area...parking is a nightmare. The rooms are clean, but of average quality...probably not really a four-star. The I-5 side of the hotel is REALLY noisy...so, insist on a room on the opposite side...and one that is at least above the 15th floor. Quite a few comments have been made about the bathroom door setup...the etched-glass sliding door is not the best solution...any thought of leaving the light on during the night (as a night light for those late-night visits) will provide way too much light for sleeping. Two interesting things: the toilet is a very, VERY low affair...almost like a squat-hole one would find in a third-world country...and the sink drain, although part of a very attractive facet is really well hidden for the technically challenged! A few blocks from the hotel are some good food choices: Brooklyn Seafood (ultra fresh, but a little steep on the pricing), a GREAT happy hour can be found a few blocks further at the Metropolitan Grill...probably the best in Seattle. If you want the real-deal Chinese experience try Sichaun Cuisine in the International area...the best double-baked almond croisant in Seattle: Bakery Nouveau...just yelp for details.