I got the room through Priceline for $70/night...which is not bad. Here is my take on the hotel and room: Room - I called the hotel a week before my stay to request a king bed and a quiet room based on the feedback I got from other folks on Tripadvisor. When I got to the hotel, I asked them again for the same requirements. I was given a king bed and a room not directly facing the freeway but still within viewing distance. In addition, the room was on the 6th floor so you can still hear the freeway noise. I requested for another room, but they could only give me one floor higher but still within viewing distance of the freeway. So, it didn't make sense to move. At this point, I was very upset since I've made my request ahead of time. However, I must admit the room was quite big for the price we paid and the bed was pretty comfortable. Wake up call w/beverage - I thought this was a great service the hotel offered. I got the hot cocoa and it was delicious. This sort of made up for my disappointment of the room. Parking - Parking in the hotel is expensive ($21/day). You can go to other garages for a bit less but you would need to move your car early in the morning. Also, you can park in the street at certain times for free but not the full 24 hours. So, I suggest not renting a car. However, we did find parking up the street past the freeway on 8th avenue which was free for the whole day, but availability is very limited. Late night cravings - the hotel is a bit of a walk from the main shopping/restaurant area...so not much choices nearby. However, we did find a pub that opened late and cheap too which was on 4th avenue... i can't remember the name. The pub was recommended by the concierge...so definitely take advantage of that service...they are very helpful. Hotel Staff - I have to say I was impressed with the hotel staff...bellstand, concierge, maid service...they were very helpful. One day during our vacation, it was raining and we didn't have an umbrella. I called housekeeping to request one and they made sure I got one. So, initially I was going to give a rating of 2 due to the problems I encountered with requesting a quiet room. But based on the customer service I received from the hotel staff...I changed it to 3. However, if you are paying full price...there are other alternatives you want to consider which are closer to the public market.