We stayed here for one night last week. The hotel is in a great location - 10 mins walk to Pike Place Mkt and lots of shops, close to Space Needle and other attractions. The close proximity to everything downtown is the ONLY reason I would ever stay here again. Parking is $28 per night. If you rent a car, try to rent one from National or Alamo so you can return it here and avoid the horrendous parking fee. Our room on the 25th floor looked updated. We did have a partial water view. We decided on two double beds instead of one king bed because our daughter was staying with us for a few hours until her red-eye later that night. We're used to sleeping in queen beds at home so a double was tiny and uncomfortable. The bed was also very firm and the pillows were very mushy. The A/C by the window was loud but turning it off made the room stuffy. We did not get a good night's sleep in this room. Bathroom was clean but tiny, particularly the toilet/shower area. There were more than enough towels and everything felt fresh and clean. We noticed we were at the end of the hall next to the icemaker so we worried about the noise but surprisingly, we didn't hear anything. The elevators seemed efficient. We never had to wait more than a couple minutes. In this hotel, if you want to go up from the lobby, you have to insert your room key into a slot in the elevator or it won't go! I understand why this is done but it got a little annoying at times. Front desk was efficient and friendly and we were checked in very quickly. The concierge was also very helpful when I asked for suggestions and directions to a location. I also used the business center computers to print out a boarding pass. The lobby area was also nice with big comfortable couches and chairs. The fireplace was going when I sat down there to use their free wi-fi. We also had a late dinner at the lobby bar lounge. The burgers are great and the atmosphere is relaxed and unrushed. My husband feels this is the worst Hilton he's ever stayed in because the room was so uncomfortable for him to sleep in but he's spent a lot of nights in quite a few of them and had better sleep. I would still recommend this place only for the great location but I'm not sure I'd stay here again. With all the great hotels in downtown Seattle, I'm sure we could find one with more comfortable rooms.