I had planned a really romantic getaway for my husband's and my anniversary a few weeks ago and decided to venture up north to Seattle. When I booked the Sheraton, I told them my situation and asked if they had any rooms they would be able to upgrade us to given the circumstances. I want to be careful and objective in this review, but it was unfortunately a disappointing experience. When we arrived and I surprised my husband, even more surprising was the $44 a night valet charge. My jaw dropped at the outrageous price to park a car. We drove a block down and parked in a $15/night garage instead and trekked up with our bags. When I checked in, the front desk staff had complimentarily upgraded our room to a junior suite which was such a considerate gesture that we appreciated! They left us a nice card, some roses and chocolate covered strawberries which was very kind of them and such a nice touch. However, our room was located directly in front of the elevators, and for the entire evening we could hear the doors opening and closing right out front of our door as people got on and off. Not a great start. When we sat down on the bed, we immediately bounced right up because the beds are SO hard. One of the hardest mattresses I have ever slept on, and we have been to many hotels around the world. Even a tempurpedic mattress pad would solve this problem. I had trouble falling asleep because the bed was so hard, and I woke up with a crick in my neck. When we entered the room, we noticed that it probably hadn't been vacuumed in awhile because the floor had pebbles, small rocks and barkdust all over. It was as if someone before us went hiking during the day and brought their dirty shoes back in the room. Literally there was this kind of dirt all over the floors and I had to wear socks so I wouldn't step on them. Finally, at about 4am our next door neighbor decided to conduct business from his phone, which we could hear the ENTIRE conversation of. And it's not because he doesn't have a right to conduct business at 4am, or because he was talking incredibly loud... it's because the walls were SO thin we could literally hear his entire conversation word for word at a normal talking voice. This kept us up until 6:30am, when we finally were so upset (and tired) that we decided to just get up for the day. We went down to the lobby to ask if there was any way we could switch rooms, but they said there were no other kinds of rooms in that category and they would have to downgrade us. We decided that a downgrade in a quieter room was worth a good night's sleep instead of being kept up in a bigger room, but it was quite disappointing having to pack up and move on our romantic weekend, and then be placed in a much smaller room without any compensation. I understand that it was kind of them to upgrade us from our queen room in the first place, but it was disappointing that our anniversary weekend turned into this kind of experience. The location was good, but I just can't think of any reason why I would want to willingly return to this hotel when there are so many other great ones in Seattle.