Pros: +Ability to opt out of housecleaning/ support sustainability option +Pretty decent views from upper floors +Nice rooms +Nice bathrooms +Staff helpful and mostly friendly Cons: +Bed left me with horrible back pains. +Valet assumed I would want cheaper parking because I was driving a 2002 VW Cabrio. This hotel is pretty nice. Everyone I met was pleasant and helpful. They even have an awesome program where you can opt out of daily housecleaning in order to be more sustainable which works for me since I don't need my room cleaned daily. The incentive that comes with the program is a $5 credit towards a food service for each day you opt out. It was great! The rooms were nice and clean and I loved the bathroom. It wasn't anything super special, but it was nicely appointed. As soon as I drove up and the valet opened my car door, he said "Hello, you know there's cheaper parking in a garage about a block away". I'm pretty sure I didn't solicit his advice for cheaper parking. I always valet my car when I go to hotels (and usually it's some kind of rental car), but the way he said it was as if I would struggle with affording the valet fee because I wasn't driving the right type of car. It's a steep fee, but I can definitely afford it. Wasn't a great start to my arrival. The front desk team and the bell desk attendant were pleasant though, so I kind of let it go. But that was the thing that stuck out in my mind. Any other time I went to the valet to get my car, the other gents were very nice. Two people even came by when they thought I had been outside too long waiting for my car to ensure that someone was getting my car. One gent even offered to go and check on the car because he thought I had been standing out there too long. I hadn't been out there longer than a minute or two, so that was appreciated. Never have I ever had such bad back pain from sleeping in a hotel bed. I tossed and turned all night and the bed was a bit stiff in places. I woke up with the worst back pain. I have never experienced back pain before and this was pretty intense pain across the entire top half of my back for the rest of that day. Other than these two cons, this hotel was very nice. I wouldn't stay there again only because the beds were so uncomfortable and the back pain it gave me was virtually unbearable. I also didn't appreciate the valet's assumption that I would be in search of cheaper parking.