This hotel has a great location in Seattle, easily walkable to many of the attractions and to the skytrain. We stayed for 2 nights in mid August. We are a family of 4: mom, dad, son 7 and daughter 10. When we arrived we were able to check in without a wait but they tried to check us into a room with one kind sized bed. I had reserved, I thought, a king room with a sofa bed. The gentleman at the front desk assured me that I was being given a room with one king bed although it was on the club floor. I said, club floor or not, the 4 of us can not sleep in one bed. About 8 months prior I had called the hotel directly as I was having no luck using the computer or 1 800 number to find out if they offered sofa beds as we find this combination works well for our family. I finally, after over 2 hours of my time over 2 days and a weekend, spoke to the front desk manager who provided the upgrade to the club floor and assured me, I thought, of a room with a king bed and a sofa bed. When we got to the room it in fact only had one king bed and had no sofa, bed or not. There was room only for a chair in the room so we went back to the front desk and asked for a rollaway bed which they informed me would be a charge of $20/night. I said I didn't feel it was fair to be charged as they booked me in a room that couldn't accomodate our family. They then waived the fee and we slept 3 in the bed and 1 in the rollaway. The pool is small and cold but good for the kids as it only went deeper in the middle. The view from the pool was stunning. There is also free computers to use in the lobby and we found this very usefull to book tours and check on weather while we stayed in the hotel. WE used the concierge a few times and found her helpful to a point but the wait for her services could be up to 30 minutes and she seems to book things for other guests but would tell us to use the computers on the other side of the lobby. We would never have known the computer were there without her telling us. The club floor gave us access to the club lounge which provided a good breakfast and evening nibbles. There was side selection but also a lot of people. We appreciated being able to have access to this lounge and having free fruit and water available 24 hours. The room didn't overlook the mountains, water, or even the Space Needle, but we enjoyed seeing the sun rise and the window was deep and the kids liked to sit there and watch whatever was going on below. The room was small for 4 people put would be plenty for 2.