I rate the Seattle Sheraton somewhere between 3 and 3.5 stars based on 3 critiques. But first, the pros: *I made this booking on Hotwire, and got a fabulous rate (~$120 for a Fri. and Sat. in late Oct. This is a smashing deal considering you're right smack dab in the heart of Seattle. If you're a tourist and hate to drive, you can be dropped off by taxi and not need a car for the rest of your trip (you can walk to everything in the downtown core, and at any given moment, there are several thousand taxis swarming around the place). *The staff were perfectly adequate, and actually quite pleasant. *We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant, the Daily Grill. As at most hotel restaurants, they'll stick it to you with inflated prices. However, the continental breakfast buffet @ $11.95 was a good deal. It might sound gross, but if you fill up on oatmeal and smoked salmon, you can probably skip lunch and splurge on dinner! Now, those 3 criticisms, one of them admittedly incredibly petty: *My mom and I had to schlepp our own bags up to our (smoking) room. This is one of Seattle's largest hotels, especially after they renovated and built a 2nd tower. You're telling me that they don't have enough bell staff, especially the Friday night before a UW home game? Even if you're short-staffed, you tell the guests to check in and that their luggage will catch up to them eventually. You don't blithely look in the other direction and let the guests awkwardly corral their own bags. Boo. Minus stars. *The first room we were assigned reeked of smoke. I know, I know--the whole property is non-smoking; they can't help it if a few jerks--err, I mean, die-hard smokers--flaunt the rules and stink up the place. Anyway, we asked for a new room and were moved promptly. *My last complaint is really, really petty. I know Sheraton is a Starwood chain, and I fondly remember staying at a W a few years ago and ransacking their Aveda toiletries. (I mean, I practically absconded with my weight in tiny Aveda bottles.) So, imagine my puzzlement to discover Vaseline-brand body lotion in the bathroom! (The Rusk shampoo and conditioner was nice, but still--I love Aveda.) So, to summarize, if you can get a screaming good deal on Hotwire or wherever, by all means book/stay at the Seattle Sheraton. I highly recommend it--if you can't get a better rate at the Westin or Hyatt. Otherwise, it's a perfectly adequate venue.