I stayed at the Sheraton while attending a conference across the street in the Seattle Convention Center (20-23 April). This was the conference hotel, so their rate was reasonable $209. As a Starwoods Preferred Member - Gold, I stayed on the Club floor - which allowed me access to their club room - serving continental breakfast and light food during the evening. Also, room had a nice view, television, internet and printer access and was open 24 hours. Free local and 800 phone use from the room. Hotel under major renovations currently, so the front door/lobby was missing. Adding a second tower to their facilities and moving the front door to match a driveway for drop-off. Be that as it may, they had temporary counter for check-in, concierge, bellman, etc. Check-in was slow though, as there was at first only one person at the counter, regardless of preferred member status or not. Hallways were all narrow given the temporary walls up for construction, so a queue of people waiting for check-in blocked easy access to the door and hallway leading to the concierge/etc. After check-in I had a room on the 34th floor w/ the 35th floor housing the pool, gym and meeting rooms. At night I would hear the staff moving furniture across the floor on rollers. Room was typical size, usual amenities. A larger size safe was available, which fit my laptop and other gadgets well. Bathroom was typical - no special amenities. Coffee machine serving Starbucks, mini-bar and assorted munchies available. Be careful - water bottles at $5.00/bottle. I was initially overcharged $28 for mini-bar use, when in fact, the key from the last guest was still in the fridge. Bed and bedding was nice. Two robes, towels fine, shower typical. Small desk with free internet connection available, though I was unable to connect to wi-fi, and had to use the wired connection taking me to the Sheraton website for log-in. Newspaper - Seattle Times and USA Today left at the door. Room service menu was not very appetizing, given the availability of local seafood. Not many restaurants nearby - Cheesecake Factory across the street. Other restaurants - Ruth Chris steakhouse, sushi/pan asian nearby in the Fairmont Hotel. Didn't eat in the hotel restaurant as it had the same menu as room service. Best part about the Sheraton was that it was directly across one street into the convention center - no other hotel that close. Also, plenty of security at the doors to limit traffic, as I noticed plenty of young kids and homeless panhandling in the area. Very typical convention hotel. I imagine once they open the 2nd tower the Sheraton will have a typical lobby, front entrance, drop-off area and other restaurants. No store available to offer toiletries, drinks, newspapers, etc, though I noticed behind the temporary counter they had a box of asundries available - toothpaste, brush, mouthwash, etc. Other reviews seem to indicate the need for fresh paint and new carpeting - I didn't see that in my room. Would stay here again, but may try something like the Westin or something near the waterfront area.