My husband consistently waits until one month prior to book a hotel for his conferences. Hence we always get stuck with the 'fourth' choice at the 'conference rate'. There is a reason this Sheraton is 'fourth choice'. It lacks any kind of panache, pizazz or pleasantry. This is your straight up vanilla cookie cutter conference hotel. Rooms are boring, carpets are stained, tubs are old, phones still connected to cords in your room, tv doesn't swivel, amenities are lackluster at best (no Bliss or Aveda treats here), dings on all the furnishings, scuff marks on the walls and closet doors, ancient, and I do mean ancient thermostat controls which respond slower than a cat breathing on you. No lobby whatsoever to speak of, in fact, it's downright depressing when you walk in. I totally agree with the other reviewer on this. Now if you've never been to a W, or a Ritz, or another good upscale chain, you'll think this place just swell. Those of you expecting a little more - head elsewhere! There is not one, and I repeat not one impressive thing here. Upon check in - very late at night - we were told there were no King beds left, even though we had requested one, with a crib. So instead we were given a room with double beds, and they brought a crib up. Now 2 double beds and crib makes the room feel completely claustrophic and tiny. Not good. The front desk gent did give us the kindness of putting us on a much higher floor. The 30th floor, which is not concierge level, but is a 'preferred floor'. I really hope these rooms are not the 'renovated versions'. That said, the relatively good points include - Location - the location is absolutely ideal for shopping buffs. And good dining abounds in the area. Service is prompt and the concierge is really nice. The beds are ok if you like puffy, but I miss my firm matress. Very hot water is plentiful and the pressure is great! The best is housekeeping will come until 4:30pm, so there is no pressure to get out of the room by 11am. This is a really, really big plus when traveling with an infant. Paid conference rate of $206, I think it's actually worth $175 p/night, but that's just me.