The Seattle Sheraton is an old hotel (as far as hotels go), and a major renovation of the public areas and construction of a new a tower are underway with completion scheduled for May, 2007. In the meantime, hotel public areas are virtually nonexistent except for the mezzanine level on which meeting rooms are located. The carpeting in this expansive area, by the way, is a series of white rectangles on a dark background, and it was busy enough in appearance to almost make me dizzy! Reception is a temporary desk crammed into the corner of what was probably just a hallway leading to a side exit (temporarily the main entrance). If the lack of a grand stylish entrance bothers you, pick another hotel. Unfortunately, the Sheraton (Starwood) website does not disclose this information, so one's arrival at the hotel can be quite jarring and disappointing. Service, however, is very cordial especially under difficult physical conditions. The rooms seem more updated and well maintained. My partner and I stayed on the 32nd floor (club level) and had access to a nice lounge that provided evening wine and munchies as well as a large continental breakfast in the morning. Complimentary wireless internet access was available in the lounge and access in the room was via an ethernet link. The Sheraton bed is as comfortable as any with a fluffy duvet and silky smooth sheets. A very nice, though small, pool is located on the 35th floor; however, it was long enough to do laps. Next to the pool is a well equipped fitness room with up-to-date cardiovascular equipment. The only problem here is a lot of equipment crammed into a relatively small space. It was quite dramatic using treadmill while overlooking downtown Seattle from 35 floors up! I wouldn't consider dining at the Sheraton until construction is complete. A breakfast and dinner buffet are available in the Cirrus Lounge on the 35th floor, but it's clear this is being offered as a stopgap measure. There are many choices for restaurants at all hours very close to the hotel. (Parenthetically, I do remember coming to the Sheraton in the early 80's when one of Seattle's finest restaurants was located in the hotel. Perhaps that will happen again.) In summary, staying at the Sheraton isn't unpleasant. It just feels functional and not especially elegant, and this is all due to the hotel being in transition. Like a restaurant that has just changed chefs, judgement should be deferred until a later time.