We just returned home from the Hotel Andra. We booked the Northern Neighbours Package that included free internet and 50% off parking and a complimentary room grade upon arrival. Before leaving home I decided I wanted to guarantee the suite, so I emailed the hotel and asked to be moved into a Suite, the told me there were not any available. So I checked Hotels.ca and there were suites showing as available. I phoned the Hotel and was told that there were suites, so upgrade my reservation. Then later that same day I received and email saying there had been cancellations so a suite was available (this email from the person that had earlier said there were no suites until I asked via email why Hotels.ca was showing them). So all that was a bit confusing for me. In the end we got the suite as a complimentary upgrade for the misunderstanding and miscommunication. First, I love small boutique hotels, I am not a fan of mega hotels. I loved the lobby and the design. I loved the furnishings in the rooms, a mix of contemporary decor within a historic building. One issue though was the lighting in the room was horrible. I could not see in the closet, I could not see in the dresser and had to feel around for my clothes, even with the lights all turned on and the drapes open. The bathroom was surprisingly small considering the size of the rest of the suite. We had also asked for housekeeping to put the pull our sofa away during the day and make it up again at night for our daughter. This never happened as requested. We also arrived back one afternoon at 4:00 to find the room still had not been cleaned for the day. This was quite disappointing. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful and treated my daughter with respect and kindness. The location was great for walking pretty much everywhere. The TV in the elevator - they have to go.... I don't watch TV and I don't allow my daughter to watch TV so I am very disturbed when I see TVs in public spaces where I have no control over what she sees. And even if I was not traveling with her , I don't want to be bombarded by marketing and the negativity on the news in every public space I visit. The desk space in the suite was great for working however the internet was quite sloe..So all in all some mixed feelings about the hotel. Certainly much of my concerns could be dealt with the exception of a larger bathroom