We spent five nights at this hotel and were with friends for three of those nights. What started as a wonderful stay ended not so great and I am really disappointed it ended like that. Initially we thought the hotel was in the middle of nowhere but we hired motor scooters which made our time in Rome a lot more enjoyable and made the hotel in an excellent location! The hotel is close (5-10 minute walk) from a metro stop and is just off Via Nomentana, a fairly main road which connects you quickly and easily to the centre of Rome (very easily on a scooter!). The hotel was refurbished only a few years ago and the rooms are well appointed, some smaller than others but a good size given you are in Europe. The garden is lovely if you are missing a bit of green and sitting outside on the patio is wonderful after a hot day sightseeing. Some of the staff left a bit to be desired. Simon and his Manager were outstanding and despite Simon having only worked there few a fortnight when we visited he was friendly, helpful and he made our stay very good. Luckily the rather arrogant attitudes of the women working there had not rubbed off on him yet. Example, on the night of the FIFA World Cup final, we decided to watch the extra time period in the bar at the hotel. When we politely asked her to switch the TV on she said it didn't work. We knew this not to be true and her just really being too lazy to get up walk ten metres and switch it on because it had been on the previous evening. Slack. She did however feel it necessary to bark at our friend when she was reading a book on the couch (sitting not lying) and tell her that she wasn't allowed to fall asleep! Crazy. Another lady there sent us out with wild directions to a place we had asked for and that she had offered to print out for us (good so far) however she printed them in Italian (English Speakers) and it wasn't even to the right place! Hopeless. Unfortunately as we were checking out, there was a hidden charge for parking our scooters there which we were not told about nor did we think we a valid charge. The scooters were not valet parked nor did they take up much space yet it was a dispute which left us thinking not so great things especially after staying for a total of eight room nights. At least the girl on the desk managed to have a laugh at this one and at the non-sensical nature of the problem! Despite this, Simon and the property made this a good place to stay in Rome. Just don't expect all of the staff to go out of their way for you, in fact don't even expect them to get off their seat for you!