Just wanted to get away for a few days to Seattle to shop and take in some Happy Hours. I put in a low ball Priceline bid for a 4 star hotel and wound up with this hotel. Having never stayed there, but seeing the place a few times, I thought great. Check-in was quick. The valet guys are quick. Kind of over a barrel there though, because you aren't really close to anything and the parking is $34. Had a city view room on the 4th floor. Whoa, so small...Almost as small as a cruise ship cabin. As others have said, no dresser drawers for clothes. The closet was pretty big though. The bed seemed pretty hard and was more like a double than a queen size. There was a gas fireplace in the unit, but due to the size of the room, you got so hot so fast, you couldn't keep the thing on without opening the window full, then you got the full on train noise as the BNSF mainline is right outside the window. It was good of them to leave ONE set of ear plugs on the night stand, hahahahaha...There was a fridge in the cabinet above the fireplace. The TV was a 32 inch flat panel, so that was good. I did like the bathroom. I like the stone tile work and the rain shower. Good water pressure and plenty of hot water. Coffee maker worked fine, but the coffee was crappy. I didn't like the hallways. They were dark and really needed a sprucing up. Paint was chipped, the carpets are old and dirty. The smell of stale cigarettes was everywhere even though its a non-smoking place. There appears to be only one elevator for the place and it is SLOW...Add to that, the fact they were moving beds and using this elevator to do it when people are in the process of checking out. Perhaps there is no freight elevator. I did like the lobby and common area lounge. The view was nice out over Puget Sound, West Seattle and Alki Point. Didn't try the restaurant, so can't comment there. I wouldn't really rate this as a 4 star property...3 and a half tops. Maybe the rooms facing the water are bigger and quieter, but I wouldn't stay in one of those small rooms again. This is not in the same league as the Sheraton Seattle, The W, or the Westin, but they all share the same rating...Go figure...No pool or spa here either. Another thing, even though you are on the waterfront, it is a long walk to the piers where the restaurants are and also to Pike Place Market and downtown. You must either cab it or have a car, especially if the weather is bad.