My wife and I stayed at Edgewater Hotel for two nights. We chose the Edgewater because we were coming from Victoria on the Victoria Express ferry which arrives at berth 69, right next to the Edgewater at berth 67. So we wheeled our suitcases the short distance to the Edgewater. Location The hotel is not near stores or areas of interest. Probably the closest shopping area is Pike Place, about a 15-minute walk away. We soon realized the hotel was too remote for us. We had booked for Saturday through Tuesday nights, and we checked out on a Monday. They charged us half of the estimate for all four days. Sadly, if we had booked for only Saturday-Sunday (much cheaper weekend rates), then we would have wound up paying considerably less for those two days. The halls The long halls can be entered from only one side so you do a lot of walking if your room is far from the entrance. The long narrow corridors don't seem to fit with the premium rooms on the fourth floor. The halls are narrow enough so that it's difficult to navigate a suitcase past the maids' cleaning carts, and people who are sensitive to scents will feel the hall does not smell fresh. The sense of mustiness is enhanced by the hunting lodge motif and squeaking floorboards. Room We were in room 430 on the fourth floor. There is a sofa against the foot of the bed with cassock in front of it that could be used for a breakfast tray. There is an enormous plasma TV screen can be watched from the bed or sofa. In one corner a gas fireplace goes on if temperature controls changed suddenly from cold to hot. Good bathrobes, umbrella in closet. The bed is comfortable and inviting with lots of cushions and a little stuffed bear that we named "Ed" wearing the Edgewater T-shirt, propped against the pillows. The posts of the four poster bed are made of raw timber, probably for effect. There is a writing desk by the bed, and the floor is carpeted. There are more than enough electric plug outlets. We liked the location of the air conditioner/heater. It didn't blow on the bed or sofa. Good selection of teas with the tea and coffee maker. The refrigerator had a freezer compartment, so we could freeze our ice pack. Bathroom The wide bathroom with entry way takes up a quarter of the room-bathroom area. There is a stand-up shower. There is no more than one double hook to hang towels, bathrobes, etc., so we wound up putting them on back of the toilet even though hooks could have been installed in many places on the wall. View The view from the rooms on the fourth floor (see photo) is similar to that from Six Seven Restaurant, but the view is broader, including a view on clear days of Mt. Ranier hiding behind the red fingers of a container port crane. A porch runs the full length of the room with access through two sliding doors. We were in room 430, close to the Norwegian Cruise Line berth. NCL passengers could look down on our porch, taking away some privacy, but the cruise ships made a pretty view for us, and we missed them when there was no ship in the berth. The view from the fourth floor may be good for Seattle, but it is no match for the view at, say, the Pan Pacific Vancouver. Quiet enjoyment We could hear the couple in the room next to us banging suitcases around on Sunday morning, and about an hour later in the same room there was such a lot of commotion that I went into the hall to find the source, and I found it was the housekeeping lady. I have no idea what she was doing. There is a function room on the 4th floor by the elevators, and the decibels get pretty high during receptions. Its best to avoid room 484. It is the guest room nearest to the fourth floor function room. They have a heavy door that can be closed against the pandemonium when guests are trying to sleep night. Service Service at check-in, check-out, housekeeping, and concierge was polite and efficient but not exceptional. Restaurants The restaurant Six Seven is so outstanding that we ate there twice. They provide half-plates, so instead of sharing, I had a halibut, and my wife had pork loin. Both were excellent. The desserts were tasty with distinguished presentations. I had a panna cotta with blueberry topping, and my wife had a lavender honey creme brulee with a glass of Red Mountain Kiona ice wine. It was an extraordinarily satisfying meal. We recommend Six Seven Restaurant whether you stay at the Edgewater or not. We had breakfast in the room, and the food was very good and delivered promptly. We ate in the room rather than on the porch under the gaze of cruise ship passengers. Internet Edgewater's unique Internet policy seems a bit grasping. If you want wi-fi (no LAN), you pay an additional $4 an hour, $10 a day, or $25 for three days which is annoying. If you are using two devices, such as a computer and a smart phone, the charge is doubled, and if you use three devices, the charge is tripled, which is annoying to the power of three. We were charged for using two devices in one day. We felt the hotel was good for a day, considering its view and location near the Victoria Clipper and cruise lines, but we prefer to be in the middle of shops and restaurants, and we felt a wee bit ravaged paying for Internet access on a per-device basis. We moved to the more central Pan Pacific Seattle Hotel where LAN and wi-fi are free for all guests. The hotel offers a lot, but the pluses and minuses divided by the price would yield an average value.