So, as we drove up to the hotel for our first stay at the Edgewater we were very impressed with the views of the water. The valet staff for the most part were very helpful, though the cost of valet was a little much. Checking in was really easy and the staff were very pleasant. The lobby overlooks the water and is a beautiful place to relax and watch the boats go by. The hotel is centrally located and is very close to great restaurants and bars in the area. Our room was located on the city side and we found that the trains running out side the hotel became a noisy with the sliding door open at night. I'm a hot sleeper and usually need some cold air circulation. So I closed the door and turned on the A/C unfortunately the A/C unit was so loud we had to turn it off. This was a real annoyance for the both of us for the rest of the trip. We would have asked for another room but our stay was only 2 nights and the hassle wasn't worth it. We expected of all things the A/C to run well in such an acclaimed expensive hotel. We stopped by the hotel restaurant twice on our trip. The first night we stopped by around 11pm for a nightcap and were pleasantly surprised to hear a great band playing covers which we really enjoyed. The service was great and the restaurant was very stylish and comfortable. Our second restaurant visit was not as good as our first. We went by around 4pm the following day for a snack after a long day of sightseeing. We ordered a starter off of the bar menu and when it arrived it had an item in it that neither myself or my partner consume in our diets. I'm pretty diligent about reading menu ingredients because of my diet limitations. Any how when I told our server about the extra item she gave us a disgusted look, whisked away our plate and threw it in the garbage. Our first instinct was that we had made a mistake and read the menu incorrectly, so I borrowed our neighbors menu to confirm my suspicion and indeed we were correct. No word of the item in the ingredient list. I tried to get her attention again soon after to tell her that the ingredient was not listed on the menu and when I did she told me I was wrong without looking at the menu. Our newly made appy arrived and looked great though our server did not bring us new cutlery, which we also thought was odd as the previous ones were already soiled. My girlfriend had to go to the bar to get it. Basically I was thoroughly disappointed with that restaurant visit. The last thing you want on a romantic weekend is a disgruntled server to ruin the mood. Another gripe is that there wasn't even free wireless in the lobby which is really not good in this day and age,though they did have a business center where you could use the internet. All in all the hotel is very pretty though needs some revamping. Great area, great views, very nice helpful front counter and bell staff.