I stayed at the Edgewater hotel in Seattle recently. I had a south-facing room with a fantastic view of Elliott Bay. It's a charming hotel with a rustic feel and it's really neat that the Beatles stayed there all those years ago. Initially, I was impressed with the rustic feel of my room; it had a high ceiling and a clever wooden entertainment center that included a refrigerator and several drawers for storage. Curiously, there was also a mirror, roughly 6-feet high by 3-feet wide; it reminded me of the "mirror of desire" in the first Harry Potter movie. The room had a gas fireplace and two leather chairs nearby with a footstool that looked like a lamb. After about an hour of getting settled, checking email, and glancing out the window at jumping seals, diving seagulls, and on-time ferryboats, I noticed that the room was drafty. The draft came from a sliding window that wouldn't close properly. When I turned on the gas fireplace, it took only a minute or two to realize that the fireplace had a foul, fuel-like odor when operated. This is when the charm wore off. It's clear that the hotel has been remodeled and some of the enhancements are nice. However, much like the other hotels in the area it's not worth the inflated price. I stayed there on a slightly discounted conference rate, yet after standard fees, room tax, and a $10 Internet fee, I paid over $220. Others may disagree, but these days this is a lot for a hotel room (especially off-season). Regarding the city of Seattle, I had a few free hours to explore and I discovered that I like the city. However, like most North American big cities, it's expensive. Gas prices are over $4.00 per gallon, on-street parking is $4.00 per hour, and one of the main tourist attractions, Pike's Market, is less than a block away from a strip club. Such an establishment has a right to operate, however, I think it's bad business for the city of Seattle to allow that type of business near a major tourist attraction. Other big cities with tourist centers have dealt successfully with this problem (e.g., Boston comes to mind). I'm sure that many embarrassed parents have had to fib -- awkwardly -- to their old-enough-to-read kids about the kind of dancing that happens in the club. Overall, the Edgewater is not a bad hotel and the staff members that I dealt with were very nice and helpful. However, it  like many things these days  isnt worth the price. Just my two cents.