Overall my experience at the Edgewater Hotel in Seattle was good. I bid on 4 nights on Priceline for the price of $100 a night. At first I was pretty excited to get such a good price on an expensive 4 star hotel in Seattle. But then I read reviews on Trip Advisor and became skeptical because of hearing some negative reviews about room size, decor, etc. After booking on Priceline, I called the hotel directly to confirm my reservation and to request a room with 2 beds because I needed to accommodate 3 people in the room. The lady on the phone informed me that she could put in a request for a room with 2 beds, but the only way I could guarantee a room with 2 beds was to pay an extra $20. I decided to take my chances and not pay the extra money. When I arrived at the hotel, I found out that we did end up with a city view room with 2 double beds. The room was nice, but a little small for 3 people. The beds were uncomfortable to fit more than one person in a bed. The fireplace was a nice perk, but didn't really seem to put out much heat. The bear foot rest was a little tacky. The bathroom was beautiful and large. Unfortunately the double doors to get into the bathroom were awkward and loud to open and close. The sink in the bathroom was also difficult to use without getting water all over the counter. We requested to not have our room cleaned while we were there, but it was cleaned one day against our request. The bar area was nice but the temperature was set very low. They had a "happy hour" special that ran Sunday thru Thursday. $5 appetizers and drink specials. This was a nice perk, because the prices are normally pretty steep. We did have a few negative experiences in the bar. The first night we arrived, we went down to the bar with some drinks from our room to listen to a band playing. As soon as we arrived in the bar, a staff member came up to us and asked us "if he could take our drinks from us." We didn't really understand what he was asking us but then realized he was being vague about not allowing drinks in the bar that weren't purchased there. We left the bar to return our drinks to the room and returned to find the band was done playing. At this point it was about 12:30 or 1am and we sat to order drinks. When we asked if they had the specific beer "Samuel Adams" they just said no and didn't offer an alternative. At most other high end bars I have gone too, they will usually offer some similar alternative. After we were there for about 15 minutes, the staff started rudely flickering the lights on and off. I assumed that this was to indicate that they were trying to close, but I felt this was a very inappropriate way to convey this message at such a high end bar. They could have politely come up to us and tell us "last call" or "we are going to close soon, so this will be your last drink." The next day we complained to the front desk, and they told us they would talk to the bar manager regarding this. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to a friend as long as they get a good price on Priceline or Hotwire, but I would not recommend paying the rates the offer directly from the hotel. I wouldnt consider this a 4 star hotel that Priceline rates it at; it is more like a 3 star. On a side note, the parking at the hotel was $30 a night. This is pretty steep, but parking in Seattle is generally expensive. We found a parking garage one block away from the hotel on Elliot and Vine that was only $17 per 24 hour block. I would highly recommend this garage, especially if you are not planning on using your car much to get around Seattle. We left the car there our whole trip for almost half the cost of keeping it at the hotel. And the parking garage is covered; parking at the hotel is a valet at a surface lot a few feet away from the entrance. You would think that for $30 you would at least get a parking spot that is covered!