This hotel has its good and bad points, but if you are looking for something a little unusual or quirky this could be for you. I had this hotel booked for me by the company I was visiting and having read a number of reviews on this hotel which were pretty mixed I was concerned at what I would find. The room: I had a deluxe 'city scape' view which was a resonable size and overlooked the entrance to the hotel. The room itself was clean the bed comfortable but for me personally the decor was not what you would expect in a city hotel. Although nothing wrong with it the slick modern bathroom did not match the log cabin and cuddly toy approach in the main room. The restaurant: The restaurant (bar and lounge) overlook the water and when eating in the restaurant the view is a fabulous place to watch the ships and seals. The dinner menu itself I was not so impressed with. I ate once in the restaurant and struggled to work out what was being described (that could be down to me being English and not familiar with the terms) The food I did have was however very good but I didn't return as it is of a higher class of food and far to fancy to eat regularly. Breakfast has a good choice of foods with a good continental option - but be prepared to wait to be seated! The service is not as efficient as in the evening... Room service: efficient, tasty food - my only complaint is that there is not anything light like a sandwich on the menu, 18% tip plus $2 charge is added for each order. Hotel in general: I have encountered more friendly and efficient staff in other Seattle hotels - they are not bad but I felt at times I was an inconvenince to them. The general decor and facilities are good however the corridors upstairs are in desperate need of a revamp - the carpets are tired the mustard paintwork makes them look worse than perhaps they are. The woodwork is chipped and battered in places and so this is probably the worst area. The business 'suite' is a small cupboard in which you do not want to spend too much time - there is a gym which from what I could see was very busy but not used by myself. Location: fabulously placed on the waterfront , however slightly out of town if you like walking - although they do offer a suttle bus to in to town. The cruise ships are right next door so you dont want a room overlooking that as all you see is the side of the cruise ship. The rail tracks do run close to the hotel but I had no trouble with the noise that some had reported - maybe just luck or that I am used to train noise. Overview: I would not be unhappy to stay here again although would probably select other hotels in Seattle over this one. It is clean and comfortable and the waterfront views are definately its best feature.