Having lived in Washington my entire life I was well aware of the Edgewater hotel and it's reputation. Having never had the opportunity to stay there I was very excited to have the chance to do so for my birthday. Upon arrival of the Edgewater the exterior landscaping and outdoor fireplace are very nice. The interior is literally covered in tree branches and tree trunks. Decor is very Pacific Northwest. I was there using a certificate that I had won at a school auction. I paid an extra $50 for a full water view, even though at the auction the certificate was toted as being the Beatles Room. Not the case! At check-in the receptionist asked if we would like a room with a balcony or a room with a tub. We chose the room with the tub since the weather wasn't condusive to sitting on a balcony. The receptionist said "we want to make sure you have the best room we have". Our room was on the 2nd floor near the elevator, which I typically ask not to be by. The room itself had a spectacular view, there is no beating it! You are literally over the water. The decor was once again Pacific Northwest/Native American, not to my taste but o.k. First thing we noticed as we watched seals play and a bald eagle soar, was the floor vibrated and there was a constant hum from some type of machinery below us. We later found out that we were right above the Lounge. My biggest complaint was "the best room" was above the Lounge, and we were not told there was live music, which was very audible from our room. When I called the front desk they said the music would continue until midnight. We were given the option to move to another room, but that would have been incredibly inconvenient as we were all ready for bed. They did offer to credit back our upgrade fee, and provide us with earplugs. Which took a half an hour to receive. Beds were fairly comfortable. The flat screen tv was not in HD, in fact some of the channels were down right snowy. The bathroom was very nice, and loved the shower. As for the tub, it was never used as it's only a one person tub ;-) I have stayed in equally nice hotels, with great views for half the price. I didn't find the Edgewater all that spectacular, and I would never stay there again unless I could have a full water view. And at the going rate, I don't think it's worth it.