We stayed at the Edgewater after moving from the Westin (during peak season). My husband had a business meeting in Seattle at the Edgewater and we went out there early with our 1 year-old for a weekend getaway. Since we did not want to pay the $450 a night price-tag the entire time we were there we stayed at the Westin ($250) until his meetings. The Edgewater was more of a walk to many sites than the Westin although it was right on the water. There was also a pot festival going on at a nearby park which brought many undesirables around the hotel so walking places was a pain (and we are generally pretty liberal about such things.) The Edgewater was nicely decorated, clean and remodeled with a very cool, modern bathroom and kind of a lodge feeling decor in the room. The rooms were just too small though compared to newer hotels. The beds were older and not very comfortable. My husband outweighs me by about 50 lbs and it was like sleeping on a hill being in bed with him. The worst thing though was the air conditioner/heater. It was so loud every time it kicked on that I woke up (about every 10-20 mins) and I am a heavy sleeper! It was horrible and it blew very strongly right on the bed. Another sign of the age of the hotel I assume. Also, the hotel makes the appearance of being family friendly, a teddy bear on the bed and a cute furry pig ottoman beneath the arm chair, but really the whole hotel is just not very toddler friendly. This only matters of course to those who have little ones. They dropped off a crib which we had to set-up ourselves and it had dirty sheets that were fit for a full-sized bed. There is an electric fireplace in the middle of the room which is nice but it is hot to the touch. The shower has no door so the kiddo can just crawl in and out and no tub. The bathroom has glass shelves for towels and such but they are under the sink - low to the floor. There is also a tray that the coffee maker sits on in the room- not sturdy. Just kind of a recipe for disaster around each corner. Overall I would not recommend this hotel. I know it is supposed to be the pretentious place to stay in Seattle, but its definitely no Ritz Carlton.