This was my second stay, the last being as recent as November 2011. Back then, having enjoyed my stay, I vowed to return, and to lash out for a high floor (Grandview) with a Space Needle request. However, as much as I appreciated the hotel's location and views, this time I was troubled by the soft and squishy "heavenly" bed. I had a sore back from travelling, and my bed felt too saggy and worn to support my back and body. When I complained and requested for an alternative mattress, I was told that all the mattresses had been recently replaced and I was offered a bed board. I declined, knowing that the only appropriate action I could take would be to vote with my feet and stay elsewhere in June 2012 when I return with my family. I was disappointed to be charged $10/day for a mini fridge in our room (this was complimentary last time), and service express stated that kettles were not available to be brought to our room, whereas Elspeth Jones, Hotel Manager, in response to my previous tripadvisor report, had suggested they were available. We went out and bought one for our convenience. As we're Aussies with different voltage, we had to leave it in the room when we left. It wouldn't have fitted in our suitcases either. The $5 Green Option was taken, but only for one night only. I had misinterpreted the written information in the room and we had still expected at least the trash to be removed and the beds made, but as we found out by experience, the Green Option means no housekeeping, FULL STOP. We had an interconnecting door, that we weren't using, and everything could be heard from our neighbour's conversation, their coughs and their television. I assumed they could hear us too. I hadn't realised that the downstairs restaurant had opened until we were leaving and I was sorry we hadn't tried it. It's sort of tucked away in the lobby, but it's modern and it has a great aspect to the street and the menu and prices looked good. Maybe for next when we will be in Seattle again. Despite the uncomfortable bed and other inconveniences, we still enjoyed the vibe and atmosphere of this hotel and Seattle.