I booked this room on Priceline.com and got it for a decent price. I couldn't imagine if we'd booked at the going rate, however. I would have been very, very displeased. When we checked in to our king sized room, my husband noticed an old urine stain on the toilet seat. Gross, but when we mentioned it to the front desk, it was handled extremely efficiently and definitely to our satisfaction. The room was, "meh", but large and the view spectacular. I didn't want my 4 year old playing on the carpet or sitting on the furniture, so I had her stay on the bed with her toys and blankie. The carpet is very old, stained, dusty, and has tears in it. The walls were stained and the furniture gave me the creeps. The bed was very comfortable, clean, and updated. The TV was a flat panel and rather newish. Bathroom was quite nice and the shower was amazing. Great water pressure; seemed updated to us. The soap was a huge hit with our daughter because it was leaf shaped and smelled quite nice. No free WiFi - 7 bucks for the day. We had checked in after a long day returning from Disneyland and were looking for somewhere to eat and the front desk suggested a place within a very short walking distance from the hotel in a mall. It was great. The hotel's room service prices were WAY too high for our liking. The pool area was lovely and exceptionally clean; hot tub was as well. Our daughter was able to stand on her toes in the shallow end (she's 42" tall), but there is a slope drop-off, so make sure you're with your smaller kids at all times. Looked as though the patio off the pool area would be really nice in the warmer months as well. We had over the top, fantastic service from the bellhops, especially John, (HUGE kudos to him; he even tied my little girl's shoelaces) and all the other service staff were courteous and friendly, save for the Concierge fellow. He was a bit, um, off, to say the least. We felt we were wasting his time, instead of him helping us expedite ours. Overall, an okay stay, however, I'd stay somewhere else until their reno's are done. But, I can only imagine I won't quite get the deal I did on Priceline when that comes. ;-) I say "no" to recommending this hotel for now because there isn't a choice for "maybe later".