My stay at The Westin Seattle was filled with highs and lows. Check in was disappointing, the gentleman at the front desk was quick and unfriendly. We chose to self park since we had done some shopping on the way down to Seattle and did not wantg to try and get all of our bags together while the valet waited for us. We had to ask where the parking garage was and all he said was off 6th....we got outside and had to use the map (which we had to ask for since he didn't offer) to figure it out due ot the construction around the hotel. When we got to the garage the let let us through, called ahead to someone left no instructions which left us with no ticket for the parking and completely confused. So we just parked and went back to the valets who were confused and didn't know what to do with us. The room was pretty standard, although I will give you that the beds are amazing. The room needed to be dusted and there was a stain on the bed skirt as well as the floor of the bathroom. There were not any robes in the room even though they advertise there are robes in every room. On our second night in Seattle we chose to hang out in the lobby bar. Clarence served us and was amazingly attentive and friendly. We were also very impressed with the ability of the Gift Shop associates ability to upsell us that evening. She made us feel like we were getting a deal on typically hotel prices water all the time making us laugh. We are using our experience with her on our sales teams at home. We spent a fair amount of time in the lobby bar over the 3 nights days there and we consistently ignored. I wanted a drink but no one offered us anything. Yes we were working on laptops but wanted to spend money on some beverages. It left us missing Clarence from the first night. We unfortunately checked out with the same man that checked us in and again he was less than friendly. The location is amazing, it was close to everything we wanted to do however I think I will choose another hotel the next time I come.