We stayed three nights at the Seattle Westin to test out their beds as we're in the market for a great bed. We stayed at the Peabody Memphis a few months ago and really liked those beds and thought we'd compare. It probably was just the bed in our room (1862) but the middle was considerably softer and made us roll towards the middle. I think we'll purchase the Peabody mattress. The Westin sheets were very nice, though. Overall, I thought the stay at the Westin was decent. Sounds from the hallway and the street were surprisingly audible in our room. I'd be happy if they had a white noise generator in the room. The view is very nice, We didn't opt for the water view, but it was fun to watch the busy Seattle streets. The layout of the room is good and it's nicely decorated. I think the door to the bathroom should slide open rather than swing. You have to step out of the way because it swings so close to the toilet. The A/C didn't seem to cool the room like I thought it should. I was hot when I had it turned to the lowest temperature of 65 degrees. I agree with most people that inroom internet access ought to be free. The lobby is full of people with laptops. Everybody seems surprised when they hear that it is a paid option. Also, parking is $36 and $39 for self park and valet, respectively. We parked next door in a garage that said Westin parking, but was not affiliated with the hotel for $22. It's just before the hotel on 5th street (one way street) and is a short walk to the hotel. Parking is expensive all over downtown Seattle. One thing to note about the $36 parking fee is that it's for 5-24 hours. So, if you park 6 hours, it's $36 and if you leave and come back, you start all over again. We were pleasantly surprised by a $5 voucher we got for forgoing maid service. We used two of them during happy hour at the bar and got two excellent appetizers with two non alcoholic drinks for a total of $4.50. The clam chowder is very good and the customer service in the lobby was good. Judy, the concierge was very helpful. Overall, if I was staying in downtown Seattle again, I would check out another hotel. The Westin is nice and has a great reputation, but the experience I had was just average.