I was a bit disappointed in the Westin Seattle. Let me preface that by saying that my point of reference for upscale hotels in Seattle is the Grand Hyatt. Perhaps my judgement was slightly clouded by the fact that I thought that in several aspects, the Westin simply didn't measure up, and that both hotels are generally in the same price range. The Westin features rather odd, pie shaped rooms around two tall, narrow towers. The rooms themselves were fairly standard Westin--very nice work area, typical Heavenly Bed--can't go wrong there---and nice enough bathroom. The room didn't smell quite as "fresh" as I would have liked, which I think is a product of the carpet. At one time, many rooms in this hotel no doubt featured excellent views. I think as construction has continued around this area, that has been mitigated somewhat. My room--which was facing the "right" direction (ie, toward the water)--had what can charitably be described as an "obstructed view." There is a massive, new construction condo tower that has been built essentially right in front of the Westin, which wrecks the views from a lot of rooms, at least in the North Tower. The other thing I'll mention is that the staff here just didn't distinguish themselves. My colleagues witnessed a rather remarkable incident when a late night reveler literally passed out in the lobby, and several hotel employees stood there and watched--not one of them made any kind of move to either assist or remove the individual. Not good. I contrast that with a previous experience at the Grand Hyatt, where the staff was literally one of the best I've ever encountered. Not only did they come out the woodwork to meet every need, but they were friendly and went out of their way to figure out how they might make your day brighter. I don't expect or receive that in most places, but in Seattle, I knew it was a couple of blocks away from the Westin. The Westin is a fine choice...it isn't like you are unhappy. It's just that there's a better choice in the same neighborhood.