I've stayed at this hotel twice -- in September 2004 and June 2005. Most recently I arrived for a simple overnight on my way back from Melbourne, Australia. I'd been traveling for the better part of a day, Alaska Airlines had lost one of my bags, I arrived at the hotel tired and wanting a room. I share this by way of leading up to the major problem with this hotel. Arriving in the driveway, there was a ton of activity. No one was available to meet the cab or help with luggage (the ones that Alaska DIDN'T send to Reno). Dragged the bags inside and upstairs myself. Next comes the checkin area. It is seemingly ALWAYS busy. This is a huge hotel, and while there are several people at the front desk there's never enough for the volume they do. Fortunately there's a SPG Gold/Platinum checkin line in a separate 'room' at the far right, but even that had a line. Checkin agents here, both times I've stayed, have appeared to act like checking me in was a great chore, standing in the way of something they'd rather be doing. I've never gotten a terrific upgrade here, but have never had a problem getting a room with direct view of the water. The views here are wonderful. Continuing the theme of busy hotel staff -- too busy to help -- I asked about a bellman to assist with luggage and was told that I could wait (awhile) for one, but that I'd probably just want to take bags upstairs myself. I had a room view a great view of the water on a high floor, somewhere in the 30s. Heavenly bed is great as usual, better on this stay than when I was here in September (that time the bed seemed pretty worn, proibably close to needing replacement, and wasn't as comfortable as I've come to expect). Heavenly bath seems more or less limited to a shower curtain extending out into the bathroom to create the illusion of a bigger shower/tub. Room itself was a bit worn, scratches in the wallpaper and some stains in the bathroom. Upshot on the property is that the rooms are fine, views are nice esp. if you are facing the water, but it's very busy and geared towards conventions. I prefer the W and Sheraton.