We spent a weekend in Seattle after a week long convention in another city. I chose Travelodge strictly because of price. The hotel we had stay at on our previous visit was much nicer for the same price as Travelodge but because I waited until two weeks before our trip to book our room, the price jumped $60 a night so we had to make another choice. We arrived much later than we were supposed to due to Shuttle Express being over booked, even though we had reservations. Still, it is the least expensive way to get to the hotel from the airport. We were greeted by friendly hotel staff even late at night. We did not have a room with a Space Needle view but a view of the parking lot. The first thing I noticed when getting off the elevator was the musty smell, I assume from the carpet in the hall. After the first time walking down the hall, I guess I got used to the smell because I didn't seem to notice being as strong. The second thing I noticed was the dim lighting in the halls. The only light came from a few pot lights in the ceiling with a string of old looking track lights on cords strung between the pot lights. It was dark and a little scary, being that our room was the last one down the hallway. I figured it was dark due to it being night but the hallways seemed just as dark during the daytime, until you got to the area where there were windows facing Space Needle. The room we had was very small and seemed old. There was a small fridge in the corner and coffee maker. The bed was very comfortable and the linens were very nice. The kind you would expect in a high dollar hotel. It was fine for us since we weren't staying very long. More than two nights and the lack of space would have been a problem since there wasn't much room to move around. Bathroom was small, no tub but the shower was very roomy. We did not use the pool or spa but the pool seemed like a good size and looked very inviting. There was a BBQ in the pool area but not sure if that was for guests to use. They serve a complimentary breakfast, which is helpful since I didn't see any other places to eat that are close by, other than McDonalds a few blocks away. Breakfast consists of fruits, cereals, sausage, hard boiled eggs, muffins and donuts, waffles, toast and bagels. The room has limited seating but we seemed to be able to find a place quickly enough on both mornings. The ice machines are on every other floor. We had a vending machine located on our floor but I don't know if they are on every floor. Coffee is served in the lobby day and night. The hotel is very close to Space Needle, a couple of blocks away. You can also catch the Monorail there and can ride it downtown for $4 roundtrip. The Monorail stops at a mall, which is then about another four blocks from Pikes Place Market. The area is safe to walk around during the day. We stayed downtown until 10pm, riding the Monorail back and then walked back to the hotel. Not a lot of people walking on the streets that time of night. Nothing in the area but some Condo's and the McD's so it was a little spooky walking back to the hotel from Space Needle. Checking out on a Sunday morning can be a little hectic due to so many people waiting in the lobby for shuttles to take them to the pier for their cruises. For an overnight stay at a place that is close to sights, this hotel is fine.