My wife and I just got back a visit to Seattle and stayed at the Travelodge for five nights. Overall out experience was good, keeping in mind that we were looking for a cheap hotel that was close to downtown attractions. I will start with the review of the area since that has come into question in a couple other reviews. The hotel was in an older area of the city most likely built for the 1962 Worlds Fair. As a result of this there were a few homeless people and possibly drug dealers in the area. It should be mentioned though that these people never bothered us and we walked around the area/city a lot. Often times we walked to dinner and other attractions. I felt safe walking both day and night but I was very aware of my surroundings, keeping an eye out for any possible problems. The location was nice in that it was about a 3 blk walk to the Seattle Center (Space Needle area) and from there you could take the monorail into downtown or if you wanted to walk a little further towards downtown you could get on one of the free buses from 6am to 7pm. We did have a rental car which we took at times to go to see the Boeing Tour and Mt. Rainier among other places. The free parking at the hotel was a great benefit as we saw the parking lots in the area charged between $10 & $20/day. Now onto the hotel itself. It is still going through MAJOR UPGRADES. During our stay the put up new lights in the lobby and hallways. They also put new electronic locks on the doors. Due to this upgrade the hallways were not the cleanest at all times (sheetrock and other debris) but this did not affect our room. There is a pool and hot tub which we did not use. I did see a couple of people using the hot tub and it appeared to be nice. I did check one night and the water was very warm so that is a plus. The breakfast area is a room they converted into the breakfast area. The room looks very nice and overall breakfast was pretty good. They had sausage patties and egg patties (similar to what you would get at McDonalds but tasted a little better). They also had cold cereal, bread for toast, bagels, and a small selection of pastries which could have been better. One of the nice things is they had waffle makers. Also, they had a good selection of coffee and four different kinds of juices. Finally, the room was what I expected it to be. It wasnt large but big enough to fit a king size bed and still have plenty of room to walk around. It had an approximately 21 TV with a large selection of channels. It had an approximately 3x3 table and two night stands. In the closet there was an electronic safe which was large enough to fit my laptop The bathroom was old and could use some updating but my only real issue would be that there was only a shower which could be a problem if you wanted to take a bath. Also, the room had free wireless internet which worked about half the time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I was told they were going to be upgrading the internet and hopefully it would be more reliable then. There was a flier in the elevator that said they hoped to be done with phase 1 of the upgrades this summer. I should also mention there were two computers in the lobby available for guest use and when we arrived there was a printer attached to one of them but they took out the printer about half way through out stay. I wasnt using it so I didnt ask if they would be putting it back or what happened to it. As I stated before, overall I was happy with hotel and would probably stay here again. All my wife and I want when we go on vacation is a clean and safe place to sleep as we spend very little time in our room. Probably the worst part was the neighborhood which unfortunately they have very little control over.