I booked this hotel to try something different. I have mainly been a Hilton guy and was curious to see what Kimpton had to offer. Finding the hotel (I came straight from SEA-TAC airport) was extremely easy, it was a 1 minute drive off the expressway, and has a nice vertical sign spanning several floors of the facade. They have a full valet service $35 for in and out rights. Across the street is a parking garage for self park, but I think it is close if not the same price. I took an earlier than expected flight and was several hours before check-in time. The front desk was able to accommodate me and placed me on floor 3. The room was smaller than I was used to, but very nice quality. My view was an alley with a parking garage. Cars were parked on the same level as the hotel window, so I had to pull my blinds to ensure privacy. Free wireless access in the room with a Kimpton account. I went down to the lobby to work by the fireplace. They have a few couches and places to sit. This is meant to be a lounge more than a work environment, but it worked out fine. Between 5-6pm they have free wine tasting in the lobby. This is quite popular, as there wasn't a spot to sit down it was so crowded. I wandered out for dinner with some colleagues and almost any direction you walk, you can find restaurants. The location for this hotel was the best part. After dinner I crashed out and woke up around 1am to a dog barking. The hotel must be pet friendly. The barking went on for quite some time. After that, every noise seemed amplified...ice makers, doors slamming (they have no mechanism to stop the door from slamming...it seemed like everytime a door slammed the entire walls shook). I would take advantage of the free wine, so you can hopefully be smashed enough to sleep right through the night. The morning came and I walked by the restaurant inside the hotel. It was not overly crowded, but busy. It smelled good, but I didn't have time to stop. I would say this hotel is average, but does boast a great location for walking distance to many attractions.