Booked two rooms on priceline for a 4 star hotel in downtown Seattle for my husband and myself and our friends for two nights. We paid $120/night. We had a corner room and our friends had a room next to the elevator--and they had a much bigger room and bathroom than we did. So, if possible, try not to get a corner room if you can (rooms ending in 14 are corner rooms). The bed was comfy, the room was clean, and they have lovely L'Occitane toiletries and funny animal print velour bathrobes in the closet. Heavy drapes block out all the light that facilitates for a good nights' sleep, but not a good view--although we weren't in the rooms for very long. One thing I found frustrating was the fact that the temperature doesn't go below 64 degrees to say, 60 degrees, and I like my room cold. Oh, well, not a really big loss. The hotel does have a wine hour (we missed it the first night, but they served two Duck Pond wines the second night). They also served some pizza from the restaurant (Tulio's) in the hotel--the restaurant is Zagat rated. It was pretty funny to hear the concierge pouring the wine tell us the wine was from Washinton when we had just driven past the winery the day before in Oregon and given a couple of bottles of the same wine from our friends (oregon wine). The valet ,when we first checked in, was very, very snooty and irritated that we chose not to park with the hotel, but across the street to save a little money. The valet parking is $30/day (plus tip) and there is no self-park. If you park across the street, the cost is $26/day (no wait, no tip). The front desk staff was a bit stuffy and snooty as well (as is probably expected from a top tier hotel--I have stayed at many nicer hotels with friendlier front desk staff). The concierge was not available when we needed them for recommendations/directions/maps, but the front desk girls the second night were kind enough to look up late night movie times for us. The hotel is about 8 blocks from Pike Place Market. We even made the trip to by foot to the Space Needle (which was a bit of a hike but worth it when we had pastries to walk off). There are many stores, coffee shops, and all kinds of restaurants within a few blocks. All in all, a standard experience. We got a good value and I would encourage a stay here over the much pricier Fairmont around the corner--unless cost is not a concern for you. Pretty good experience.