We stayed on a Saturday night in a 'Double Double Deluxe'. The base price of the room was $318, and with taxes and everything it was closer to $375. For that price, I was expecting something really nice - this wasn't it. When we checked in, the front desk person seemed really disinterested and barely spoke to me, and I was taken aback when I was handed the room keys...without a word! She never said "you're in room such and such, the elevators are over here, our amenities are blah blah blah". When we checked out the next day, we had a different front desk person who also said barely a word to us! It was weird, and not the kind of 'over the top' service that I'd expect from a pricey hotel. The room was somewhat shabby. The carpet was old and tacky looking, and had several stains on it. The sofa in the room was a brown velvet piece that has seen better days. The beds themselves were fine. The room advertises a dvd/cd player. When we tried to play a cd, we couldn't get it to work. We called the front desk and after several rings, they picked up and told us that maybe some cords had come undone in the back of the tv. They wanted us to muck about with the cords and figure it out - all with the tv bolted into the armoire so you can't really reach a hand back there. We also ordered from room service. Again, the phone rang several times before anyone answered. The food was pretty plain - for example a $15 panini that was mostly bread (and dry bread at that). The room comes with a goodie basket and minibar - yes, you guessed it, we had to call for the mini bar key and it took forever for anyone to answer the phone. I was disappointed that there aren't any free goodies with the room. I mean, if the Doubletree can give you a cookie for a $30 hotel, how come you have to PAY for a cookie with a $300 hotel?? In the closet are two animal print terry cloth robes that have been washed so many times that they are extremely faded, and also two pairs of socks that you are welcome to - for an additional $11 per pair!! One last gripe about the room is that the bathroom was very small. Overall, the place was okay but NOT what I was looking for with the amount of money I spent. Altogether I spent about $450, but next time I'll take that amount and spend it at a classier place.