We stayed at the Vintage Park for five nights while I was attending a conference in Seattle. I chose the hotel for its proximity to the conference hotel and downtown, and it seemed to be a quieter option than the usual large chain hotels. We'd reserved a King room and were given a room on the second floor, one floor above the lobby facing away from the street. This was fortunate because the hotel is on a main thouroughfare and there is a busy parking garage across the street. It was far enough from the elevators, but during the evening there is a door to the restaurant kitchen that the staff leave open. You can hear the activity from the kitchen and all the chatter down the hall until the restaurant closes. The size of the room was even smaller than I'd expected for a boutique hotel. In addition to the bed and TV cabinet there was a desk and a club chair in the room - all in one corner. When one of us was using the computer at the desk it was impossible for the other to sit in the club chair. The room was decorated pleasantly enough and it appeared to be cleaned well, even the bathroom. The bathroom was small as well, especially the tub/shower. I am 6'2'' and it was difficult to maneuver around. It was made even smaller because the rack holding the towels is in the shower. The windows in the room faced an alley and it was fairly quiet except when dumpsters were being emptied. I would still ask for a higher floor the next time. The room doors are on hinges that allow them to close shut with force it they are not held. That was the biggest irritant - listening to various doors slamming shut during the evening and night. I did not hear any noise through the walls or from above. I did not have much interaction with the staff. They did come to the door a couple of times in the evening asking if we wanted to buy things or if we wanted the bed turned down. One night we left for dinner around seven, and we came back to find all the lights on and the bed turned down. We left the "do not disturb" sign on the door after that. The morning delivery of the New York Times was nice, and there was coffee in the lobby instead of in the room. The best thing about the room was the bed. It was very comfortable for a hotel bed and I slept well. I would have liked the option of another blanket so we could have taken off the bedspread with the attached bedskirt. Overall, the room was adequate. We were not in the room at all during the day and basically came back there to sleep. I would have found it difficult to spend more time in such a cramped space.