This was my second W Hotels stay. My first stay was at the W Chicago City Center in 2009. I loved that stay, as the hotel was beautiful, modern, but very comfortable! The W Seattle, however fell short by the standards set by the W Chicago. My understanding is that the W Seattle is one of the earliest W's built and opened, and that it's the least ostentatious of the properties. Indeed, the room didn't feel very 4 star. The wood decor was chipping and pealing, the bathroom was dirty with a broken showerhead, and there was little of the whimsical enhancements from my previous W stay, just a bed, TV, and bathroom. The bed, was comfortable, as was to be expected from a Starwood property. The Valet park took quite a bit of time, and I had to park on the street for 20 minutes with my hazards on - it was the middle of December, and the sign said full except for guests, so I'm not faulting them. Check in was easy, and I was upgraded to a Spectacular room. The desk clerk noted my previous W visit and assured me that they had added a coffee maker to my room. I'm used to having one in my room, and the Chicago W made sure to round one up for me, and promised that there would always be one when I returned t other hotel. I was expecting this in Seattle, however, there was no coffee maker in my room. A call to the whatever, whenever service revealed a person who said frankly, 'the W doesn't have coffeemakers, but let me see what I can do." She never called back. Positives included the restaurant, which did a custom vegan tasting meal for my friend. The staff was exceptional, and the food was seasonal, inspired, and delicious. I highly recommend Earth and Ocean whether you stay at the W or not. In all, I can't see the value in the W compared to the Westin (the original Starwood Westin flagship hotel) or the newly renovated Sheraton, or the Westin Bellevue. Seattle has some nice modern boutique hotels which have the polish, trip, and service down 100%, the W doesn't. The hotel is showing it's age (ironic for a hip hotel brand only a decade + in age). Particularly with the premium you pay for the W, I don't see why it should be a must-stay in Seattle. I didn't appreciate being promised something, and then when it didn't happen, I never got a response back from the staff. However, all customer service issues aside, the hotel just isn't hip enough to warrant the price.