We were celebrating our 9 year anniversary and stayed at the W for 2 nights. Room was fine - a bit smelly but it was an upper floor with no windows, so maybe musty stench is just what you get. Our BIG complaint. We were new to Seattle and took the consierge advice and let him book us a dinner reservation for Italian. We were dressed in jeans and sweatshirts but he must have thought we were Madonna and Guy Ritchie cause we booked us at a SUPER fancy place and we walked there, had to turn around and walk back. THANKFULLY, the car parking people redeemed our night by retrieving our car and sending us to Buca de Beppo - awesome, casual Italian food. Which is what we asked for in the first place at the consierge. The 2nd night, we had a different guy working for we asked for a mexican food option. We told the consierge about our previous night. We told him - casual mexican. He hailed us a cab and off we went. The cab driver couldn't find the place - cost us $20 cab fare and then he dropped us off at some wierd, freaky tequila bar in the middle of nowwhere. Not a mexican restaurant. Not a place for a young yuppie couple either. Thought we'd entered the Twilight Zone. Had to find a cab back. The parking people didn't know of any mexican places so we ended up and the nearby mall (since it was after 8) and ate there. Ok, if you are the W, and are a prissy as you make your hotel to be - please note that not everyone staying there is as "metropolitan". When you see two people in jeans and gap sweatshirts asking for a dinner recommendation, don't send them to a black tie restaurant OR a gay tequila bar! Ruined our trip totally at night. I was super mad, but my hubby held me back from yelling at both men. I think the hotel needs to hire a few more quality workers AND a few front desk people who know how to smile - GEEZ, what a downer the front desk is! It's like they are so unhappy to see you. The room is fine though....if that's all you're looking for Oh yeah, also $38 per day for parking!!!!