The hotel itself was pretty nice. The decor is fun and the rooms are clean. The room was small and the bathroom was very small. Not a big deal, but worth mentioning. A lot of the extra things they do to make the hotel stand out from others came off to me as hokey. A spiritual menu instead of a bible in a drawer. It's a nice touch but I'd be curious to know how many people actually use the service because they really want to. Not just because they can. We almost ordered something off the pillow menu just because we could but never got around to it. The location is great. It made walking around to several places very easy and I didn't have to worry about getting the car out. When I made my reservation I was given a price of the rooms and a price for one of their packages I wanted to take advantage of. For some reason I was not able to pay ahead at the time because of the package I paid extra for on top of the room. I didn't think it would be a big deal but when we checked out I found that it was. (I'm not sure if this is something many hotels do, but in my experience I haven't come across it) Booking a room is like booking a flight, where each day is different and the price can change on you. Not only had the price gone up, but it was different each day we stayed. We were two couples staying in one room and though they said we could split up the payments no problem they really had a hard time with it resulting in one of us with a double charge on a card for several days till the return went through and the other having to call back later to figure out what was going on with the charges. Also, after arriving, I stood outside to wait for someone and noticed an outcry followed by a conversation next to my car. The valet who was going to park it did not know how to drive a manual. I watched to make sure he didn't try learning with my car but another valet (that was telling him how to drive one) took the car instead. Overall I actually would recommend if you stay here to use the valet because your other option is street parking, which costs a little more and you have to be sure time doesn't run out. I did not have a confident feeling about it though. I don't think a valet should be hired if he or she cannot drive both a manual and automatic. This was a learning experience for me even as a fairly seasoned traveler. I won't stay here again and I'll be doing even more research when it comes to the mid - higher end hotels that up-charge for everything. A little bit of a quirky decor does not compensate for lack of substance.