My husband and I recently stayed at the Hotel Max on our honeymoon and had a great time using it as a base for our stop in Seattle. Upon arrival our room wasn't ready, but we were an hour early due to our flight time. The clerk took our suitcases and advised us to come back in half an hour. We gave it 40 mins and on our return we were able to check in. It was a different clerk and, noticing we were on our honeymoon he kindly offered us an upgrade from the queen room we'd booked to a king room. We were also given complimentary wifi, which was lucky as we weren't aware we'd have to pay for it! We made our way up to our room on the 9th floor (our bags were taken up for us), which had a great view of the space needle. However, people on here aren't lying when they mention the small rooms! Our king bed was lovely, but we could only half open our suitcases, which then left us with barely any space to tip-toe around. Luckily for us, as we'd been upgraded our bathroom had a tub, so we naturally had more space in there compared to a lot of people who have left reviews. We're British, so we're used to modest sized hotels and bathrooms. The room was very clean and the ipod dock/alarm clock came to good use. We didn't have any noise problems, but the weather was temperate, we were high up and at the end of the corridor, so we didn't have have people noise, a/c noise or traffic noise to contend with. The corridors are filled with arty photography and we took a trip to the 5th floor to check out the grunge photo doors (Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Soundgarden etc). Indie-rock is played in the hotel lobby and out onto the street, which makes a pleasant change to the elevator music or silence you usually get in a hotel lobby. The staff were all friendly, but we didn't need to deal with them apart from checking in/out. Unfortunately the lack of space means we've had to mark them down on a couple of points. We were braced for small rooms, but its lucky we're relatively small people. Don't bother taking your yoga mat. Location wise, it's pretty well placed for everything central. We didn't take any cabs while we were there and managed to walk to Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square, took the monorail to the Space Needle and EMP and even walked up to the Capitol Hill district (we recommend the Honeyhole for great, reasonably priced food and a cool atmosphere). Some advice - if you can afford it, go for a bigger room. However, if you're just using it as somewhere to crash, the space shouldn't be a problem. If you can carry all your luggage, take the light rail from the airport instead of a cab. It's $2.75 one way and the last stop is about 2 blocks away from the hotel. We had a morning flight out of Seattle and it was much more reliable than the infamous traffic system in the area. Top Pot Donuts is a few blocks away in Belltown and is great for breakfast (even according to President Obama himself). To be honest, Seattle is a quiet place so you can probably do all the main sights in a couple of days. We were there for 2 1/2 days and by the end of the last day were struggling for things to do. It is one of the friendliest cities we've ever been to though, with people on the street helping us if we looked lost and even the airport staff cracking a joke or two. Had a great time, but probably don't need to go back.