We decided to stay at the Hotel Max on our first trip to Seattle because we love their sister property, the Hotel Deluxe in Portland so much. The Hotel Max had very similar friendly, laid-back service, which we enjoyed. Some luxury hotels have such solicitous service that it makes me uncomfortable. The Hotel Max strikes a good balance. The location is pretty good. We are walkers, so perhaps we're less picky on that front. We were close to shopping, public transit, and walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go except a kayaking trip - and then we just took a bus. The rooms however, are small. Our room was microscopic. I had requested a corner room, which we got, but I had done so assuming it would be a LARGER room. It was, instead, a smaller room. My husband even called the day before we were due to arrive to double-check on our room assignment. He specifically told them we were most concerned about the room SIZE, and they assured us that we were in their largest room. Well, I saw other rooms when the doors were open and they were being cleaned. I did not see a room SMALLER than ours. Yes, we did have more windows, which was nice, but I just didn't feel like the staff was completely up front with us when we called. Especially since we called SPECIFICALLY out of concern for room size. That said, the staff was always friendly and ready to help. We had a clogged sink and mentioned it on our first morning on our way out to breakfast. It was fixed by the time we came back an hour later. They left the drain cleaner behind, but at least it was fixed! Upon checkout, they also charged us for parking (and we didn't have a car). They fixed it quickly and were apologetic, but if I hadn't checked the receipt, I would have been out an extra $100! Rooms were cleaned well and the bed linens were of a much higher quality than in most hotels. I will say one thing for the small size of the rooms. It really made re-packing to leave a lot faster than it usually is in hotels. We had absolutely no room to spread out, so everything was still in our suitcases!