The quality of the room is not as high as the previous two stays at the hotel, when we were previously located on the 10th and 12th floors of the Tower. However, this 5th floor Tower two queen bed room was MUCH better than the first room we were assigned which we refused to stay in. I have stayed with this same hotel 3 times now and this third time I was initially assigned into an awful room. It was located, as memory serves me correctly, on the 3rd floor in the 4th building. Never mind, it was a very difficult and a very, long walk to access these rooms but when I opened the door the room was completely unacceptable. First, the prices--room rates have increased--since my last stay in June 2011. The price was 119.00 per King and now with the AAA card was approx. 144.00. The function that I was attending in Seattle was housed at the Holiday Inn Express hotel for 89.00 an evening and we attendees were reimbursed for the stay. I opted NOT to stay there but at the Doubletree Inn instead. When I entered the room originally assigned to us in the 4th building third floor, it was no better or cleaner than a roadside Holiday Inn Express. Old, tired looking, smelly and small, scuffed up and a very, very long walk from the front desk and restaurant. More of a motel room one would find along the roadside of a highway. I then called the front desk however, no answer after 20 rings. I then struggled with my luggage all the way back to the front desk and my husband and I insisted on being located in the Tower section whereas this is the area I have always stayed previously. The gentleman, I believe front desk manager, agreed to change us to the new location and we were appreciative but I can assure you that I will NEVER stay in any rooms other than the Tower section at this hotel. These are referred to as the Deluxe rooms. The room we finally settled in the Tower 5th floor had several issues that were wrong. The TV remote control was not working for my husband and he called for another. The other issue being the air fan in the ceiling above the second or foyer sink made a rattling noise and was very loud and unsettling in which we had to adjust the temperature setting in the room to make it stop. Lastly, the toilet handle easily gets stuck and the toilet will run, continuously and loudly, until you return to move the handle. The food in the hotel is quite good. We had the Halibut and the Salmon and began with the chowder soup and the food has always been consistent and tasty even at our previous stays. Lastly, it is ridiculous that this hotel charges for InternetWiFi-- service for guests. Ridiculous and certainly, if this is the case in the future, I may very well look into another choice for accommodations. The hotel should pay close attention to maintenance as it appears to have declined since my last visits.