I had a last minute business trip to Seattle and didn't know the city. I looked up hotels by the airport and decided on the Doubletree Hotel because I like to stay in high rise hotels which is what the photo showed. When my traveling companion and I pulled up to the hotel it was very pretty and had balconies which I like. The interior of the lobby was beautiful with a huge fire in the fireplace. We didn't arrive at the hotel until almost 11:00 PM but it didn't take a few minutes to check in. I was shocked to learn that the hotel has several pods or wings attached to it with rooms. We were in building five which was a long distance to the main hotel. When we parked we couldn't figure out which door to go in and we walked for about 20 minutes before finding our room. If we had wanted to walk back to the main hotels it would have taken forever and a very good map. As I was walking down the hall to my room, I noticed this loud humming noice in the ceiling. I figured it had something to do with the pipes or wiring in the ceiling. I stepped into my room and was very surprised. The room was huge with a balcony which looked out onto a lake. The bathroom was big with two vanities which made it nice if you were traveling with another person. I could still hear the humming in my room which was very loud in the bathroom area. I thought about asking for another room but it was already midnight and I needed to get up early in the morning. The bed was very nice and soft with nice linens but I couldn't sleep. I often travel with earplugs so I put them in but I could still hear the humming. I finally put a pillow over my ears along with the earplugs and went to sleep. The next morning I could still hear the loud humming and was happy to check out of the room. I went to meet my traveling companion in his room to meet him before checking out. His room was not as nice as mine. It seemed old and outdated. The balcony to the room was right on the parking lot which would be a privacy issue to me. The check out was quick and we were able to get out boarding passes to the plane in the lobby. I later learned from people who live in Seattle that the place to stay is downtown. The only way I would stay at this hotel again is if I could stay in the main building.