[Note to Priceline & other third-party guests] Like everyone else, 3rd-party customers read reviews and have expectations; exceptional attentiveness to guest needs is what distinguishes one 3 star from others. Third-party prices fill otherwise unsold rooms, and provide the hotel with opportunities to sell services and win future business. My advice to Priceline customers: pay attention to reviews, articulate your needs clearly (both in advance and on arrival) and speak directly and immediately to management if your expectations are not met. If basic room needs are unmet and you bought from Priceline, tell Priceline in writing; use snail mail to the companys street address and direct to Customer Service VP. Ive found them responsive. Talk to local management directly, pleasantly: they value meaningful guest feedback and often can use information you provide to correct persistent problems. Be courteous and civil to a fault: it never helps to be confrontational.] [If you are buying on Priceline an airport-area hotel of 3-stars, this will generally be what you get for $42-$55 depending on season.] BE FOREWARNED: This is a giant airport hotel, poorly-mapped, with potentially-confusing room numbering and a condition of near-permanent chaos at the front desk. A person to interact with lobby arrivals when its busy (usually) would be a really good idea. Standing in any distant public area, you will likely see many confused and guests . . . trying to locate a room or service that may be a mile from the front desk. You are likely to stand for a long time at the long, long front desk, uncertain where to get help. [If you are disabled, help will be needed: sit down in the lobby, ask on the telephone for management or bell desk help to check in.] Dozens of room are blocked for airline personnel, who seem to check in quickly. Your room is as likely as not to be a mile or more from check-in. [Solution: Ask in advance for a room near the front desk. Ask for bell help with luggage. Ask for a property map.] COMMENDABLE: Continually running airport shuttle, will drop passengers at light rail station 06. miles north, pickup from that station on request or inside terminal during regular runs. Rail is a quick and cheap way of getting to downtown Seattle anytime 5 AM to 1 AM. Spacious rooms, good light-block via curtains. Excellent bedding, pillows, in-room coffeemaker; responsive wall temperature control. Free internet if you are an HHonors member, and becoming one is free. . . but bad download speeds. A mini-fridge will be provided on request, free if there is a medical reason for the request. Very attractive outdoor pool. Reasonably-priced soft drink vending machines ($1)--not typical of a hotel. If you can find it in Wing 5, a 2nd floor coin laundry with one washer and one dryer, $1 each. I always carry liquid detergent in my checked luggage, protected in a zip-lok bag. Free print of airline boarding pass in lobby, though not a customer-friendly kiosk or procedure. CHALLENGING: Variable (common) but usually very slow wireless internet speeds: typical was 30 K/sec = hard to web surf or do serious work. Very expensive overnight parking, self-paid or valet; typical of airport area. Long building-to-building distances, very challenging for someone with a mobility handicap and luggage. The telephone system often is not answered from within guest rooms or from outside the hotel--it can ring 50-100 times or never answer. Bathroom in my room was distant from source of heat control; chilly tile. Beware of making a room charge in the gift shop, grossly overpriced snacks and sundries (not unusual for a hotel) operated by a vendor called Travel Traders and very reluctant to make a room charge--paperwork and a call verifying room is required, time-consuming because shop personnel cant reach the hotel to verify. Too bad for you attitude. Vote with your feet.