I recently had a pleasant stay at the Doubletree Hotel in SeaTac, WA while visiting the Seattle area for the weekend. This was my first time in a Doubletree hotel and I was shocked when I was given 2 hot chocolate chip cookies upon check-in. The cookies were soft, warm and a nice touch after a long morning of traveling across the country. However, finding our room was a bit difficult. The hotel has two parts, a tower and a "motel" section that branches off. We were in the "motel" section and it was a bit confusing finding our room at first but I got the hang of things after a while. For those of you who don't like to walk long distances, you will be annoyed by the large size of this hotel. The hotel has plenty of ammenities but has a lack of an available business center with free internet. All WI-FI access is around the pool area and not available in the rooms - there isn't even a LAN line available for use in the rooms. I found this to be a bit of a setback. There are computers available for use near the coffee shop and the lobby, however those are almost always taken during peak hours. I had the breakfast buffet in the restaurant next to the lobby however I found it the food to be overall bland and boring. Typical "hotel food" - you'd be better off at the Jack in the Box across the street. However, do walk up international blvd to Sharp's Roasters - you wont regret it. The hotel is not too far from downtown Seattle, walking distance from SEA and not too far from the Tacoma area. Because of the proximity to SEA, various flight crews of various airlines bunk up here quite often between flights. Shuttle to the airport runs every 15 minutes or so and if you've rented a car, get a pass and be prepared to shell out $14-16/day for parking. However, if you have a car and are staying in the "motel" section, you will be able to park near your section and will be able to cut walking times drastically. Overall, I reccomend this hotel, specifically for a short stay. Gets the job done nicely. Have a nice stay.