We stayed at the Embassy Suites - SeaTac for one night when we visited Seattle for the weekend. We are a family of four and our teenage daughter brought a friend. The two girls shared a room adjacent to the one we had with our son. We paid an advance, non-refundable charge of $89 per room, which came to a total of $100.31 including taxes for each room. Oddly, however, because we paid in advance, the front desk wasn't able to provide us with an itemized bill on check-out. The only item on the bill for check-out was the parking charge we incurred (more on that below). Since we booked over the phone, this meant that we actually have no record (other than the single line item on my monthly credit card statement) showing what we were charged (i.e., room rate and taxes). The hotel is located on the east side of Interstate-5 (i.e., on the opposite side of the highway from the airport), away from the main "strip" of SeaTac's airport hotels. I've stayed on that strip a few times and I don't recall hearing any air traffic noise, so there may be no advantage in that respect from staying further away from the airport. However, there was definitely no noise at the Embassy Suites. They had a shuttle van and, because we didn't fly in, we didn't use it. I did get the impression that if timing and proximity to the airport were critical, we might prefer to stay closer to the airport on the strip. I can only guess that a round-trip circuit from the hotel to the airport terminal and back could take 25-30 minutes in the van. So if you go to catch the shuttle and it has just left, you could be waiting a while (or trying to get a taxi if you're in a hurry). The rooms are typical Embassy Suites suites. The living area is reasonably large, with a pull-out couch and TV. There is a microwave and bar-size refrigerator. There is a TV in the separate bedroom. My pet peeves (which are not big complaints) include: " They provide HD-capable flat screen LCD TVs, but they don't provide HD programming. As a result, the picture is squished and skewed (i.e., to fill up a 9X16 screen with a 3X4 image). Despite the high-end TVs, this distortion means that the picture is actually worse on the LCD TVs than it would be on a regular CRT TV. " They charge $10 per day for internet access. I didn't bring a laptop, so it didn't affect me. However, this is just a cash grab because it costs them nearly nothing to run the system. I see this as not much different than charging you for the room and then charging you a separate fee to be able to watch TV. I also don't like being charged to park my car ($8) when the property is not in a densely built-up location. If I'm in a city, I sort of expect to take a hit on parking. When we're as far out in a semi-rural area as this property is, it just comes off feeling like another cash grab. The hotel has a small indoor pool with a small hot tub. We went to use the pool around 8:00 pm on Saturday night, but it was extremely overcrowded with a large group that included many small children and few supervising adults. I have no problem with kids, but there were 18 (yes, I counted) in the hot tub, which had a posted capacity of five people. The pool wasn't much better. We went back later when it was less crowded, but it was still very busy with a number of out-of-control kids (e.g., one took the emergency rescue life ring off the wall, wore it like a hula hoop and jumped into the hot tub a couple times. Another kept asking us, somewhat politely, to move out of the way so he could swim laps in the hot tub). The real culprits were the parents who weren't adequately supervising their kids. However, there appeared to be little or no monitoring done by hotel staff either. Ultimately, if the parents won't do their job, the hotel staff should intervene ... and they shouldn't have to be asked. Embassy Suites is a preferred chain for us because their properties usually (always?) include breakfast in their room rate. Unfortunately, their food service staff did not seem adequately prepared for their guests on Sunday morning. When I arrived, they had run out of drinking glasses, coffee cups, knives and syrup cups. This wasn't a giant deal, but I did need to share a knife with my daughter (who managed to snap up one of the last ones before I arrived). Ultimately, I would stay at the Embassy Suites - SeaTac again, but the experience wasn't so positive that I wouldn't look around for a better property or better deal. There was plenty of room for improvement. If I had to rank them, I would have to put this hotel at the bottom of the three Embassy Suites I've stayed at so far this year. I provide a "thumbs up" positive recommendation. However, the few problems we encountered were almost enough to change our rating to a "thumbs down" negative recommendation.