OK. First of all, this is an airport hotel. So expect plane noise. The location is to the side of the runway a couple blocks away so planes are not taking off/landing directly over the hotel. SEATAC is not too busy an airport, however, so there is minimal activity between 1am and 5am. The room walls are concrete which helps minimize the noise. I agree that this, or any other airport hotel, would not be the best choice for light sleepers. I requested a quiet room and therefore got one on the road side, farthest from the airport, on the 4th floor. Checkin: Front desk staff was OK, but lacked some knowledge and were not very fast compared to my favorite Hampton Inn in the Seattle area, the Hampton Inn Southcenter. I agree with the comment that they might be overwhelmed if there is more than one or two people waiting to checkin. One error is that they did not know if the parking lot on one side of the building could be used by hotel guests or not (it can't). There is a roving security truck trying to catch people, so be sure you do park in the right area. Second, they had slight trouble dealing with my credit card, trying to figure out my name vs. my company's name on the card. That's unusual. I think they were just inexperienced. They were very polite. They offered a list of restaurants, and will shuttle you to some of them with their free bus. If you have a car, I recommend the short drive to Southcenter Mall area. Room: Nicely furnished, generous size (possibly due to end of hall room), decorated in dark wood tones. Bedding is recently updated and was comfortable. Desk/desk chair, recliner easy chair. Plenty of pillows. Standard Hampton Inn setup. Bathroom was nice, no mold on tub caulking, plenty of light and mirrors. All facilities functional no issues. Oh, I did have one light bulb that was burned out, but didn't stay long enough to see if they would fix it when I left the burned out bulb on the desk in the room. And speaking of bulbs, they use standard bright ones not the energy saving, dim, compact fluourescent ones. That's a plus. Not sure if they have the mini-fridge/microwave like over at the Southcenter location. I requested one on my reservation and didn't get it, and the checkin staff didn't mention it. I didn't ask since this was a short trip. Another poster mentioned no closet - that's true it is an armoire/cabinet, which is OK by me. I do find a bit bothersome that the hangers are the security kind which can be inconvenient. Another poster mentioned about the power outlet. This was actually not a problem in my room - better than average. The desk lamp had a dual outlet so access for laptop and cellphone simultaneously w/o crawling around on the floor or rearranging furniture. Smoking observation: I noticed that the 4th floor is a combination of smoking and nonsmoking rooms, so the hallway smelled as a result. In the Southcenter Hampton, the 4th floor is entirely nonsmoking which is much better. My nonsmoking room in this hotel did not smell of smoke, however. I'm not sure if they have any entirely nonsmoking floors in this hotel since I didn't ask them. Fitness center: I used it and it's small but nice. One treadmill (wish there were two since that's the one item most people want), one stepper, one bike, one four-position multigym. Outdoor pool: Didn't use it or see anyone using it. I'm not sure if it is heated like the one in Southcenter. General area: Safe enough, fast food joints, other hotels, remote parking lots for the airport. One nice thing: there's a lake park right across the street - didn't have time to check it out but it looked pleasant for a walk. Breakfast: Hostess gets extra high marks. Very friendly, keeps the area clean, stocked and ready to go very early (I showed up at the advertised start time of 5am and everything was in place). The free breakfast is to my liking. Extended continental with one or two warmed up hot items (scrambled egg patties, canadian bacon), varies by day. Breads, cereals, fresh fruit, juices, etc. Coffee and tea are always available in the lobby, as are bananas and apples - good to keep the traveler healthy. Lobby has one public computer for people to check their email and so forth. That is a handy item and something missing at the Southcenter Hampton. I use my own laptop, though, and wireless internet is free for hotel guests and works very well in the rooms and lobby areas - very important to me in my work. Overall, it's a good place for the price, averaging around $100/night before taxes during peak weekday times. And of course, this is a per-room price, which makes it more attractive for families, all of whom get that nice free breakfast.