Still Undecided what to rate this resort but I know it will not be a 4.5-5 star We stayed here from April 7th to 14th for our wedding. We had a group of 30 plus from halifax, edmonton and toronto. First impression was great. Everything clean lobby and reception was emaculate. Check in was a breeze even at 10:30 am we all got our rooms on the beach at 10:45. First off we were there for our wedding. And thankfully it went really well. Besides not really knowing what was going to happen Omaria did a great job. For those of you that need this info message me an i will help you out with the little details that you wont know until they have happened. Our meal took place in the beach buffet which i have to say was an incredible layout more than anyone had expected i think. the meal was excellent as was the cake the whole thing was spot on. I will rate the whole wedding experience a 9-10.The roomswell we were fortunate enough to have stayed in both the normal room and the vip suite. we were given a free upgrade after the wedding. well the normal rooms are normal, but we didn't experience any problems in there 4311 was our room. the vip room 5104 on the the other hand was a mess. leaking ceiling (mildew smell) power problems tv problems. we wished we would of stayed in our old room. but the free internet and separate reception was nice. they did try to charge us for items out of the bar that we did not consume but i refused to pay for them. this happened to a couple of guests in our party. For being a new resort the rooms looked like they were 20yrs old. I will give them a 3-10.FoodIt was really good. however not much variety one would expect from a 5star resort. i had better in 3stars.. rating 5-10Beach / waterAwsome - waves on some days were 10ft + excellent for body surfing since all their boogie boards were broken. and never replaced. rating 9-10 but because i like waves.Servicethey work hard and deserve all the credit. besides the language problems at times i give them full credit. 8-10Things that bothered me:the first thing is the vendors on the resort. being constantly asked to buy cigars or go on the dun buggys every day was a real pain in the a.s.s. that was something that they should control. i expect that behavior on the streets but not on the resort. the entertainment was qustionalble at times. however the michael jackson skit was by far the best show i have ever seen at any resort.The resort is not complete as advertised.Overall.well i can not compare it to a 5 star since i have never been to one. but i have been to 3-4.5 stars before and i must say it would drank around the 3.5 star. During our stay there, travel agents from around the globe were there to do an inspection so it should be interesting to see their reviews.