Overall, pleasantly surprised considering previous reviews. After reading a number of very negative reviews, my wife and I were prepared for the worst. In the end, it was an enjoyable week, friendly and helpful staff and some terrific food. Yes, there are a few areas that they can improve on. And, I certainly wouldn't class this hotel as anything above a 4 star at this time. But the great food choices made the few shortfalls easier to overlook. We booked through Sunquest and our reps Leonie and Marie Josee were wonderful. We arrived without incident (except for the looming 50+ cm snowfall that hit Ottawa - we just escaped). But that's another story. Our room was small, but comfortable with great balconies that offer everyone a view of the the water. I recommend dismantling the hotel key chain so you're not advertising the room number. You'll see when you get there. We tipped the hotel maid most days, but it didn't seem to help much with extras like towels, soap, pillows, just be prepared for the basics. The hotel itself is very nicely laid out. You are close to everything you need, the beach is fine. Not the powdered sand you find closer to and south of Punta Cana, but quite acceptable anyway. The waves were really rough, but still a lot of fun to play around in. Watch out for the kids, the undertow could be very strong. If you're into snorkling, I highly recommend taking the five minute walk down to Dreams. You'll see an area that is roped with buoys. There's some really great snorkling in that area and the water is quite a bit calmer in the morning. Reports of glass on the beach, etc in other reviews were not an issue. Some of the shells can be a little rough, so flip flops are wise. We tipped often, a dollar or two here and there. The staff really appreciate it, but they never make you feel like it's required. The service is always with a smile. The entertainment was as you might expect on these types of resorts. Great enthusiasm, lots of dancing and lots of lip-synching. This, I could mostly do without, though. Some day a resort is going to get the brilliant idea of showcasing actual talent from the area. Authentic music, dance, variety, - instead of trying to mimic broadway shows. I would find this much more interesting. I don't need to see another rendition of Michael Jackson or Grease done to lip synching, bad wigs and too much makeup. Oh well, it comes with the territory. We went on two excursions that were terrific. The Carribean cruise on a catamaran - a 4 hour tour that ports in Bavaro. Offered some snorkling, swimming with sharks, and stingrays. It's worth the money and makes for an enjoyable half day. The staff go overboard (no pun intended) to make it a fun time. The other excursion and I highly recommend it, the Monster Truck Safari. It's an all day affair that takes you through many villages, touring the country side, seeing an actual Dominican farm, sampling some fruits, sweets, etc., a nice lunch buffet, and some more touring. All done on a reconditioned military vehicle that can handle the rough roads and the occasional shallow river. It seats about two dozen and the tour guide was very knowledgeable and had a good grasp of English. This money was well worth it as it gets you off of the resort and you get to actually see the people in their normal settings. The most unfortunate way to end the week was with the hotel check out staff. It's too bad to end on a note like this, but the employee was was tasked with the job of checking people out in the morning. Most of his energy however, was spent trying to shake people down for mini bar items they didn't use and long distance calls they didnt make. It became an ongoing joke on the way to the airport after. They tried to pin me with some items from the mini bar that I quite simply did not use. I absolutely refused to pay. Others complained of $15 and $20 worth of long distance phone calls. (In rooms where they didn't even have a working phone). I strongly suggest that the hotel / Sunquest look into this. This is not the last memory you want your customers to have. However, aside from the check out experience...All in all, a nice week away from our miserable winter. I wouldn't hesitate to go to this resort and I expect it to improve once the learning curve straightens out a bit.