The beach lover Just came back from Colony Bay and everything I feared before I left came true. Here is a list of unsafe features; room doors-no double locks, old fashion keys with wooden tags bearing room number prinnted in big letters visible by everyone.there were several shafts in the hallways with pipes exposed - doors left open and slamming loudly at night, had to get up and place towels to stop the loud banging, not to mention a child could fall in them easily. Beacause they had to finish in a hurry the workmanship in the layng of marble and tiles is terrible. There are little ledges everywere and you really have to look at the floor while walking to avoid tripping. The pool bar serves drinks in plastic glasses that are left in the sand around the pool and beach ,they are collected, washed in the little sink and re-used, very unsanitary. The lobby bar serves bottled water. As mentioned by others, the pool and whirlpool full of sand, Sunquest rep kept saying at the briefing it was because of the strong wind but also due to the fact that there was no showers for people to wash off coming from the beach. They did manage to build them by the second week. They 're in the process of building some kind of retaining wall around the pool, thei built some wooden posts, not much progress so far.The big sign in front of the entrance says:COLONY BAY RESORT SPA AND CASINO ***** what a joke! the only people that deserve the five stars are the servers and the animation team. They really saved the day! Sunquest had no business selling this resort this early, we have been coming to Punta Cana for ten yers and always had good experience. We managed to meet some of the owners, members of the Giglio family, they wanted to be notified of any problems and did manage to solve most of the minor ones. As far as the food, beside the pasta bar, there was none of the basic Italian items that we found in all other resorts in Punta Cana, it was almost impossible to get basic oil and vinegar for the salad instead of the prepared creamy dressing. As mentioned there were no a la carte restaurants as advertised, the steak house had no steak and very limited menu.The breakfast buffet was good, the girl at the fresh juce bar was sweet, I asked her the first day if she could make my juce with no sugar or milk, she made it every day soon as I walked into the dining room. Our waitress Marcellina always served our coffee with a smile. Because we were a large group and made our own fun, we still had a good time overall, had we gone the two of us only we would have been bored with not much to do.Other problems byond they control were the bumpy ride from the airport, horrible, strong winds and rough ocean. We walked in front of dreams resort were there is a little bay and water was very calm so we could swim. This resort will improve in time, but will never be a five star.By the way the Italian rewiever is not a turist, I know exactly who wrote it.