We stayed at the Quality Inn Sea-Tac for one night before our Alaskan cruise. A friend picked us up at the airport and took us sight seeing but the free shuttle would have been nice had we needed it. I wish I would have really known how far the hotel was from downtown Seattle because after our sight seeing it was quite the drive (especially since we were on the far side of Seattle in Kirkland). Once we arrived at the hotel the staff was helpful and nice. They told us about the options for getting to Pier 91 for our cruise the following morning and that there would be breakfast. I was under the impression that the hotel had 3 floor starting at ground level but it really had 1 floor that was below ground level, unless you walked outside down a hill to the back door. So, we had rooms on the 1st floor but had to go down a flight of stairs. This was hard to do especially with our heavy luggage. Mainly I felt bad for my mom. After a long day of walking around in Seattle this was the last thing she needed. We helped her out though and all was well....until we went to get into our rooms. My husband and I entered ours fine but my mom couldn't get her key to work. We tried it about 10 times and then went to the front desk. The front desk worker came down to help and she couldn't get the key to work either. She even tried her master room key and it was no opening. So, my mom was giving another room...just one room down but she was tired and crabby with this incident. After we got settled in, we grabbed some pop from the vending machines and watched a movie. Then it was time for bed. The beds were fine, smaller queens but okay. We all slept pretty well since we were tired from traveling. The shower was great in the morning. The halls were noisy with others leaving and the cleaning staff was talking loudly to each other about some issues. The breakfast was packed and only okay. There were two computers in the lobby which were nice to access before our 7 day cruise. I was please with the available and speed of the internet! We chose to take a taxi to Pier 91 because the shuttle was booked except for a 10 leave time which I thought was too early to get to the pier but it probably would have been okay. The taxi was only about $8 so not a huge deal to us. Probably wouldn't stay here again but it served it's purpose for our visit.