Stayed here twice on the trip. Once for convenience as we began our trip after a late night flight arrival and once at the end of the trip before a morning departure. For a business hotel I'd rate as generally acceptable but nothing special. On the plus side, even at late night, there was a valet on premises to park your car. On the negative side, you had to go find him if you wanted his assistance (both nights). Didn't come to greet us or offer to help with luggage. As a result we decided to simply save the six bucks extra for valet parking. The good news is that the self park is an enclosed garage. The bad news is that it costs $20 a night and seems to be about a quarter mile walk (perhaps a tad exaggerated) from the room elevators. There also seemed to be quite a difference between the rooms we received on the two nights. The first one seemed less fresh and you didn't need an alarm clock because the toilet flush and shower of the room next door served that purpose. The second had turn down service prepared for us when we arrived. The first room had a pillow on the bed with several stains on the cover (but we just tossed that one on the floor -- there were plenty of others on the bed.) The second bed was comfy and spring time fresh. So I guess it's also luck of the draw. The breakfast buffet, however, was pretty nicely done both mornings and it seems as if that is consistent. Not quite as extensive as some Hilton buffets but more than adequate for our purposes and nicely presented. The staff at breakfast seemed a little confused about what is or what isn't included in the complimentary continental coupon for Diamond members but for $3 you can upgrade to the hot buffet, although one day the upgrade included an offer of made to order eggs and the other day it didn't. So for convenience, it's hard to beat -- although International Blvd is lined with alternatives that can be considered. For service it's pretty average and unusually uneven. For price, it seems pretty steep for what you get. In short, although nothing really upset us about the property, next time through, we'll check out another option.