I gave the Hilton a rating of 3 given the rates they charge (over $200/night). For the priceline rate I got, I'd give it a 4.5 or a 5 (in comparison with other hotels which list that rate on their websites) The Hilton airport (right across from the Seattle airport) is rated a 3* and in my experience, is a pretty good hotel for that level (and for the rate we got -$65; the priceline rate for the hotel was much higher, as was the lowest rate on the Hilton web page). The airport shuttle is free and was quick for us, with a great driver who was very helpful with all our luggage. He was also great about answering questions, giving helpful advice, and so on. The hotel was very nice, although the layout was not terrific: there are two different buildings with rooms, and the pool and fitness rooms are in the center of one. To get to them from the other building, you have to walk back through the lobby, past the restaurant, and past the conference rooms. The pool is fairly decent for a hotel pool ( lap swimming would be possible - it's rectangular) although it's probably only about 10-12 yards long); the hottub as well. Towels were provided at the pool. I didn't use the (free) fitness room but there seemed to be a large number of machines as I walked past (didn't look closely so can't comment on quality). The rooms around the pool likely suffer from pool noise, but we were in the other building. I suspect the rooms in the building without the pool get a lot of traffic noise - we were on the backside, away from International Blvd, but the loading dock was outside our window. We left fairly early but there were already a couple of trucks. Other than that, however, noise was non-existent. We were able to pick up free wireless, although it wasn't the Hilton's (they charge). Obviously, any time you use any wireless, you shouldn't be putting in credit card numbers and other sensitive information. The rooms were fine - we didn't get a mini-bar (which we appreciated) but there was a refrigerator. The furnishings seemed pretty new - at least, they didn't look old and dreary. The Hilton's shampoo/conditioner/shower gel were very perfumed which wasn't a plus - I was glad I brought my own (why they think most customers would want such perfumed toiletries is beyond me). The sheets were very nice and soft, with a duvet over the comforter (either down or down-alternative). The rooms weren't overly spacious but were fine, unless someone wanted to hold a business meeting or something (iif we had had a king-size bed (we requested 2 doubles), there might have been a bit more space). Housekeeping was helpful. The Hilton was quick to bring up a suitcase (as soon as the airline delivered it) that the airline had failed to get onto our flight. We paid $65 plus about $17 in extra taxes and fees, which was a decent deal, given that the Motel 6's in the area charge close to that per night. We didn't try the restaurant or the coffee cart. One of the coffee cups in the little coffee maker in the room was obviously not clean (a few coffee drips right on the top edge, so the housekeeper had failed to check it!) but that was the only negative for the room. Parking at the Hilton will set you back $18/night (that may not include about $3 in taxes) but we were able to park at the Clarion right next door for about $7.50 plus almost $3 in taxes (they advertise that they allow "airport" parking). They do fill up (morning seminars need parking) so get there as early as possible; you do have in-and-out privileges (not sure if you have that at the Hilton) as they give you a card to put on your dashboard; the card is not time stamped so you should have until midnight of the last day you pay for. The Clarion's parking is pretty close and for some rooms, is likely closer than the Hilton's.