We stayed three nights at this "5* hotel". We changed our reservations from Le Germain to Le Crystal based on the reviews and the fact that this hotel offered suites,spa and a pool on site. Upon arrival, things did not go very smoothly. We checked in, specifically requesting a quiet room since we were traveling with a small child. We were placed in the back of the hotel in a smaller suite. Once our daughter was asleep, we concluded that our room was not the room upgrade we had paid for and we had a queen instead of a king size bed. However, it was too late to deal with it that night. Well, it was THE worst night of sleep.Garbage bins were located directly below our suite window and every hour or so, a big garbage truck would beep backing up,load and make horrible noises. Needless to say, we did not sleep at all that night. So much for a "quiet" room we requested. We addressed this with the front staff in the morning as well as the fact we were given the wrong upgrade to a room.We paid for the 2 upgrades(Deluxe) and were staying in the basic Urban rooms with a smaller bed. They changed our room to the appropriate suite that we booked and paid for our 20$ breakfast as they concluded it was their fault. Although our new suite was perfect, spacious, cleaner and quiet, we did lose a night's sleep, had to move all our belongings and unpack again at the cost of a cheap breakfast. The hotel could have been a bit more sympathetic since it was their fault the previous night was a disaster (on both counts!). The rest of our stay went better despite being tired from the previous night. The pool staff was excellent. Spa staff even better. Valet could honor client's requests. The restaurant was the other downfall... limited menu, we had to call them 3 times to get our order right and the food was mediocre.... oh, and no options for kids.Breakfast was VERY slow despite no one else being in the restaurant. We had to ask twice for our coffee and drinks. The first few days we asked front staff for diner restaurant recommendations. They seemed keen on sending us to fast food or greasy diners as we were with a child. Unfortunately, we do not dine at those establishments and did our own research and found good places (Montreal is FULL of great restaurants). The only worthy staff was a gentleman and a blond woman who worked there in the afternoon on Friday.They seem very helpful and went out of their way to ensure our happiness. The gentleman even called certain restaurants and asked them to make a plate for our child! We were pleased with his helpfulness. This hotel is beautiful and could have so much more potential if they stepped it up a notch or two in certain areas. We go to Montreal frequently and glad we attempted our stay at this hotel but still unsure if we would return or recommend based on how they handled the situation on the first night and how we were treated initially as guests. Montreal has a handful of great hotels.. we would like to get what we paid for, which wasn't the case at this hotel.