My wife and I spent 5 nights at Secrets for our honeymoon. From the start, we just didn't vibe with this place and spent the rest of our stay trying to enjoy ourselves. I hate to be the type of traveler who has one bad experience at a resort and can't overcome it, but Secrets REALLY got off on the wrong foot. When we arrived, we checked-in as normal and were then directed to another staff member for what we thought was another part of the check-in process. This second guy spent the next 30 minutes explaining to us how Secrets planned on getting more of our money. The final part of this timeshare-esque sales spiel was to sign us up for a personal tour of the VIP area of the resort so we could immediately upgrade this trip or book there during a future stay. How ridiculous is it that we hadn't even gotten out of the lobby of this resort and they're already trying to sell us on staying there again? Because of confusion with the guy's broken English and the fact that we were tired from a day of travel, he put us down for a "breakfast" the next morning and we were done with check-in. Rather than be guided to our room by the bell-hop (or given a glass of champagne like at every other resort), we were given a map and told to go to our room ourselves! Tired, annoyed at having to sit through an unsolicited sales talk, and unfamiliar with the resort's layout, the last thing I wanted at this point was a scavenger hunt. By the time we got to our room, we had realized what the "breakfast" was and figured we had better just cancel the meeting. We were there to relax and enjoy each other, not waste time with a guided tour trying to sell us on something. So I called and cancelled, but not after having to explain why. I then received a call back 10 minutes later from some sort of manager who asked multiple times why I cancelled. This was just completely unacceptable and, unfortunately, alienated us so much that it was impossible to not feel that Secrets was interested in anything but our money. The other main issue we had was that the resort is extremely loud/noisy. During the day, you'll constantly hear music and entertainment staff yelling. We were there for relaxation not entertainment so we didn't appreciate this at all. Additionally, the walls are paper thin because you hear every single sound from all of your surrounding neighbors. I'm a heavy sleeper and, still, I had issues with the noise here. Lastly, the resort is kind of set more in the jungle than other resorts so mosquitoes (and animals!) are aplenty. The room was very nicely appointed and the bed was extremely comfortable, but my wife felt it was dirty and the bed was very itchy. On to the positive things.... Without going into detail, the food is better than I ever could have dreamed of. Every meal was truly top notch. The beach and pools are extremely nice. The staff (excluding the terrible interactions we had to start our stay) were sufficiently friendly. For us, the cons definitely outweighed the pros. YMMV, but I would definitely not recommend Secrets. The Excellence Riviera Cancun was MUCH better.