Despite of all excellent reviews awarded to this resort, our experience has been really disappointing. We stayed at the resort from October 1 to October 9, 2011. We had hired Cancun Express to drive us to the resort. Ride was efficient and despite the short bumpy road before getting to the resort, everything was smooth. The resort looks nice and the lobby is pleasant but the set-up of the area is kind of unappealing. So, we got our towels and champagne and after registering we were directed to the VIP service desk which is obviously the timeshare pitch. We denied the attendance of such meeting and were led to our room. We had booked a swim-up room which consists of an elongated swimming pool acroos the building. Our room in building 14 was close to the restaurants and the main building but far from the main pool. The room was nice and clean. The lay out of the room is to say the least very akward. Although I knew about it, I still found the open concept bizarre. The curtain that divides the room from the bathroom is translucent and does not do much. I am not going to extrapolate on this but I hope that people are close enough to be able to stand the noises that arise from using the facilities. The balcony is small and was full of ants when we got there. You only have one lounge chair, two regular chairs and a table. There is also a concrete seating with cushions that is very uncomfortable. There is no night light in the room, so, if you want a light, you have to leave one on in the bathroom and with only the curtain the room is quite bright. We did not experience any discomfort from the heat in the room. Now for the resort itself, the landscape is well manicured and beautiful. The pool area is fairly small but there are shallow pools around where you can lie down and enjoy the quietness of the surroundings. The beach area is nice but not fabulous. The beach is clean with lots of sitting area available. Around the pool area, the pool attendants do make sure that no one gets to reserve seats early in the morning and not show up until later so their things are removed. Now, I'll comment about the food. On our first night, we went to the Portofino restaurant and we were served a great dinner. The following night, we decided to go back but in this case the food was not prepared the same way and was barely edible. That can be said of all the restaurants around. We found that the meals served were uneven from one time to the next. We had two romantic dinners by the pool where you can get baby lobsters which is not available on the current menu provided you buy a la carte bottle of wine. Be aware that the cost on the wine bottle is about four times the cost of the same bottle at a liquor commission. The no reservation policy is certainly a plus and if you decide to wait, they provide you with a pager that looks like a flying saucer when your table is free. They even pinpoint in the pamphlet at what times most people show up for breakfast or dinner so you can avoid a waiting period. We found the breakfast buffet at the World Cafe to be no better or no worst than any other places. There are omelet station, crepe station where there is usually a line up. The World Cafe had only one toaster which is no way enough to handle a large crowd. Overall, one of the nice perk is the switch to advise that you do not want to be disturbed. Also, the cubicle to get you daily activities report and weather forecast is a nice convenience. The maid service was a total mess as we only had one day that our room was set up before 13:00 and turn down for the night. All the other times, we had to call to request the service. The concierge service was inexistent and unfortunately quite useless. There are mosquitoes, no if as and when, but the restaurants provide you with wipes and/or spray but you should bring some of your own and even at that, expect to be biten. At breakfast in the World Cafe, and at lunch in the pool area, there are lots of birds flying around and picking from plates that are left which is quite annoying. There are lots of food available during the day with cooks going around and platters of food being served and to indulge yourself if you wish. The swim-up option is nice but can really be fully appreciated if your neighbors are on the same wave length as you are. Our experience was not that way and we did not enjoy the swim-up as much as we intended to. As to the timeshare, they called the following day of our arrival to tell us that we missed our presentation scheduled time which we never booked. So we had to reinstate our no interest stand. All that being said, the staff around the resort would make it an additional star. I cannot complete without mentioning some of the staff we encountered such as Jaime, Kevin and Paulo the pool attendants, Guadalupe and Eduardo the sommeliers, Freddy at the World Cafe and finally Denise at the Portofino. These people and others do really make a difference in this resort. The staff does deserve to be tipped because they do make a difference.