My wife and I honeymooned here from June 26th to July 6th - 10 nights. This was my first all-inclusive experience and I was honestly NOT blown away by this place. Upon arrival they had us sit down to sort out our room which was not ready yet (we had to wait 4 hours), in a very sneaky fashion they passed us along to another person without much explanation and we were guided to a "VIP" desk - which I was leery of based on the reviews I had read on here. It WAS the start of a sales pitch and I basically stopped the guy and said, "listen, I already chose SMB, why are you trying to sell to me further? My wife and I want to start our vacation and your standing in our way of doing so." I put my foot down, we got our coupons (which we did not use and felt they weren't worth it) and we got away from the guy and were able to start our vacation. Note that over our entire vacation we saw people on timeshare tours EVERYWHERE - you will too, people that got suckered in - we felt so bad. This is a HUGE turn-off and I feel a bad business model. The main building STINKS - I could not believe no one else wrote in their review how badly the entire main building smelled. They have these citrus potpourri candles burning all over the place and it smells SO strong - and really is horrible. Does anyone like this scent? I must be crazy because my wife and I were blowing out these candles whenever we had the opportunity. Also, you don't need to pay good money to use the sauna in the Spa, just go check your email for 10 minutes and you'll sweat out all the toxins. The computer room is at least 100 degrees at all times, day or night. The drinks are watered down at this place, it is a fact. One evening I had 3 Grey Goose dirty martinis in a row, within an hour, and I could not even catch a buzz. The beers get warm so fast so your best bet is to order any kind of drink on ice. We brought bottle cozies as we thought we'd get beers served in bottles, if you have cozies designed for cans, bring them, you will be so glad you did - especially if you're having some beers on the beach or at the pool. The room was nice, but warm - we could not ever get the AC to get below 75. But it was super-hot and humid so when you walked in from outside, even in the evening, 75 felt cool. But trying to fall asleep, 75 felt less and less cool...The mosquitos did not bother us much other than 1 night of the 10  I think we got very lucky based on the time of year we were there. That 1 night they were bad, we could see how the mosquitos could literally ruin your entire trip to this place. The food was fine, nothing blew my mind. People talk about how AMAZING the food is here. I must have ordered all the wrong things. We did the Hibachi, that was fun, but even there the shrimp tasted fishy. I recommend asking for the steak and chicken if you do the Hibachi. For dinner we ate at Portofino 3 times and thought this was the best option, also the service at this restaurant is GREAT, actually the service across the board at SMB is extremely good. Breakfast at World Cafe was probably our highlight as far as the food at this place. Made to order omelets were killer! Tip, tip, tip... It seems like we rarely saw others tipping which is kind of sad. Over the course of 10 days we tipped about $200. $1 for every drink the entire time we were there, we tipped the room service $10 the first day and then another $5 twice on separate occasions through our stay. At dinner we would tip between $5 and $10. If you tip, bring LOTS of $1 bills, a good amount of $5 spots, and maybe a few $10s. The beach was awesome, but I would not go as far as saying, "it was the BEST beach I have ever seen, I bagged up the sand and took it home with me!" Water was crystal clear and blue. We would typically spend the majority of the day on the beach and then move to the infinity pool in the afternoon and relax there for a bit. Overall I would rate this resort as just average. The only thing that stands out is the service. They simply don't say no to any request. The drink service on the beach was amazing and I recommend tipping these servers, they really deserve it! This is my honest review, I have pretty high standards for both accommodations and food and SMB fell short of the mark for me. I really feel that a lot of the reviews on here are inflated - I read a ton of them before we went. We may check out other Secrets resorts, but won't be back to SMB.