I should start off this review of Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB) by letting you know that this place had a lot of ups and downs for us. This was our fourth trip to the region with this being the third all-inclusive property we have stayed at. My wife and I do not feel we are hard to please, but do know exactly what we should expect when you pay the higher price for the higher priced properties. With that being said, I will start off by describing what we did enjoy. Enjoyed: Before we got to SMB, we looked at a lot of photos past visitors posted on this site and we were a bit on the fence about the modern feel of the property. When we got there however, we felt it looked very nice, especially at night when the grounds are lit up very tastefully. The rooms are nice and the box room service can be delivered to is excellent when you are getting ready for the evening and not at your best. This was one of our very favorite touches that SMB has that others we have visited did not. We did not visit every restaurant SMB has to offer, but really enjoyed the Japanese restaurant a lot and visited it twice during our stay. Also, the BBQ buffet they had was awesome! If they have this during your stay, for us it was Friday, check it out, we really liked it a lot! My wife obviously did not eat the meats, but there were great sides for her to enjoy. The amount of food SMB has to offer is great, except for vegetarians, which my wife is. During lunchtime around the pool, SMB staff comes out of nowhere passing around many different finger foods, fruits, and fajitas (pork ones are the best). There is a poolside grill that has a lot of food to offer if you do not want to order off the poolside menu. Like I said before, I thought the food was great as long as you eat meat. The breakfast buffet in the morning is fantastic too! You could go all week and not really repeat all the same stuff you had the last few days. There are a lot of activities taking place during the day that really are great if you want a little interaction. The evenings are filled with entertainment as well, which is great if that is your thing. We are not partial one way or the other to the entertainment, but we do like that it is there for the taking if we wanted. The beach is great here and there are not a lot of properties around it so you do not have a bunch of people walking along the beach gawking at all the different properties. Did Not Enjoy: The time share sales pitch right after we checked in. We traveled to SMB with family members and this was their first experience with an all-inclusive. SMB was specifically picked because of the many things it had to offer their guests. We totally understand the sales aspect of timeshare properties. It is not that we are against it at all, but not right when you get to the hotel! We had a long travel day and just wanted to get to our rooms, change into our suits and get something to eat by the pool. All of us were truly turned off by this and made us not want anything to do with becoming a part of it at all. It would have made more sense for us to experience what SMB had to offer and then seek out those offering a timeshare. Disney does this on their properties and it is not off putting at all. Put some booths up around the property and take up a channel on the television in the rooms to show what they have to offer. At least this way I can seek them out on my time and I am much more approachable because I am interested in hearing more. When we got to the room, we wanted the mini-bar changed out to what we would actually enjoy. We let the concierge know right away when spoke with him and we assumed it would be taken care of shortly. It was not, but that was ok because we had only been there for a short period of time that day and would have never been able to finish all of it if they had switched it out. The next day we figured this would be taken care of. Unfortunately, it was not. We contacted our concierge again and it finally was taken care of later that afternoon/evening on the second day. Turndown service was extremely frustrating. Normally, we make reservations at the restaurants on the properties, but SMB does not take reservations for their restaurants, except for the hibachi grill tables only. Since housekeeping does not know what time you are going to be at dinner, they do not know what time to do turndown service. With turndown service running from 6-10pm, it is a crapshoot as to when this will take place. We realized this on the very first day when we did not get an offer to turndown our room until 10 minutes till 10pm. We were already relaxing from the long travel day and were not wanting to leave the room for 30 minutes to have our room turned down. We let our concierge know we would most likely be gone from our room from 6:30-8:00pm most days for dinner and requested turndown service to take place for our room and our family members room at that time. One room was taken care of accordingly on the third day, but our request was not honored until we informed our concierge again and it was finally taken care of on the fourth day. Service was amazingly spotty. Some waiters poolside and in the restaurants were alright, but a lot of them were not that friendly. Bartenders at the bars near the pool were not personable at all. I do not speak Spanish and realize this can restrict the conversation, but when you ask if they have a drink menu and they give it to you, you find the drink you want, order it, and the only response you get is a head nod after you thank them seems a bit strange. One of the bartenders at bar by the pool sighed and rolled his eyes at us when we asked if we could add another drink to our order, which came to a grand total of three drink orders. We would get the cold shoulder responses all the time from some of the wait/bar staff around the pool even though we were passing out tips to those we requested help/services from. We generally run low on cash during these trips we take down here because we enjoy compensating those providing us with great service. This trip we returned with a lot more money than we previously did because after a while, we gave up on trying to compensate those who were giving us such spotty service. Hostesses at the breakfast buffet were very unfriendly almost every morning when we came down to be seated. We were a party of five and it generally required pushing another table together to accommodate us. One morning we did not understand the hostess saying to follow her. Since we were used to having to wait a few minutes to push tables together, we did not follow her right away and when she noticed we were not behind here, she kind of gave an attitude and pointed at us to get our attention. It was awkward to say the least. The only restaurant we received great service from was the Japanese restaurant. They really did a great job in the customer service department and were able to answer all our questions. Our time at SMB was a bit of a let down because a member of our family has stayed here on two occasions and thoroughly enjoyed it. Since we have been to other adults only properties and had good to amazing times, we were very excited to give SMB a try. It just seems like there is a lack of attention to details. There are some great things about SMB and there are some drawbacks or letdowns that got a bit annoying after a while. The other properties we have stayed at are Iberostar Grand and the Royal Hideaway. We wrote a review about the Iberostar Grand that I am sure you would be able to find if you wanted to know what we thought about that property. Unfortunately we had a few issues with the Grand too, but would have gladly stayed over there rather than SMB. The Royal Hideaway would be our favorite of the three properties we have stayed at. It is a smaller property and seems like their attention to details is far better than any other place we have stayed at. Since it is a smaller property, maybe it is easier for them to ensure all their employees are portraying the image of what they want to represent. There is not as much entertainment at the Royal Hideaway, but that is not exactly what we are looking for in our all-inclusive resorts. We met a lot of people on their honeymoons or coming down for weddings and they were having a great time. Maybe our exposure to other properties before SMB made us a bit pickier because we had a standard of what to expert from the amazing resorts in the area. SMB has a four diamond rating given to them by AAA, with attention to detail being one of the requirements of being in this prestigious class of hotel. A lot of people may spend a week at SMB and be completely blown away, but we were anything but.