I couldn't wait to get back and write our review on this place. We had SUCH high hopes going in. A little background: We decided to splurge on this trip, because we are expecting a baby, and thus, thought we'd do a last hurrah of sorts. We went to Silversands last year and LOVED it. We planned to go back this year but thought we'd splurge, spend the extra money and go to Maroma, which if you have read the reviews, seems to be like paradise on Earth without a single flaw. Not true. We were so disappointed. Our expectations were REALLY high based on all the reviews. And in all honesty, we are not at all picky people. We've been to grody AI's and very nice AI's. We're able to see positives in all situations. Secrets Maroma is not awful by any means. The buildings are all beautiful- the grounds are well maintained and very interestingly landscaped. The beach is jaw-dropping amazing. It really is. That was our favorite part (and our least fave thing at SSS) and we spent a lot of time on the beach. The water looks like pictures of Turks & Caicos, the sand is perfect and you can walk for miles to the right of the hotel without coming across another resort. The check-in process was fine. I like that they have a buzzer system. The time-share presentation was annoying. When they ask you if you got your 'coupons' I'd just say "No, thank you" and move on if you don't want to get caught up in their rigamarole. Service here is really lacking. The poolside service and beach service stops at 5-5:30. We are heavy tippers, and even that didn't get a smile or attentive service. Same goes for service at World Cafe. In other resorts, your glass is filled before it's empty. Here, we went through entire meals without being visited, no water refills, nothing. The service at the nighttime restaurants is great. Very friendly and attentive. Going along with service- the bathrooms in some areas, like poolside, or in the theater, are NOT well attended. Same goes for Sugar Reef bar. Just beware of the horrors that lurk when these places are crowded. Food here is good. Poolside, beachside, buffets, restaurants. Our favorite was El Patio. We also really enjoyed the food at the Mexican Fiesta on Tuesday night. We also had room service- delicious. Breakfast is really a standout with fresh crepes, made-to-order omelettes, at least 10 different fresh fruit juices and three varieties of chilaquiles. They do run out of stuff at the buffets though, and are VERY slow to replenish. We didn't eat or drink at Coco Cafe, but it is such an adorable place! So so cute. Also, the drink specials are fantastic- really nice that there is a non-alcoholic drink special each day. Entertainment here is on par with other places. The Showtime theater is really cool looking and nice and comfortable, and the rock show is absolutely fantastic. Daytime entertainment is lacking. You never really feel encouraged to participate in anything. Rooms are nice. Nothing spectacular, but they are well appointed. Again, service comes into play here. We tipped daily, and never got turndown service. Additionally, we didn't have towel art but for one day. Other places do little additions every day- places that don't call themselves as luxurious as Secrets Maroma. Also, there are ants. Not the biggest deal, because of the location of the resort in the lush jungle.... but, you'd think for these prices and this amount of 'luxury' they would do a better job of keeping the rooms pest free. Each building has a concierge- that is a very nice touch. The swimouts look really nice, but we never really saw people using them. Additionally, we noticed that not many of them got a lot of sun. The gym at this resort is great! It really is. Loads of cardio machines, good music playing, and TV's on each cardio piece. It's always attended by someone, and it made our daily workouts something to look forward to. They make a big fuss about the dress code for men here. It was not at all enforced. We saw men at the night restaurants in flip-flops, shorts and t-shirts. The only rule that is enforced is sleeves at World Cafe. Additionally, they tout the fact that they do remove 'held' seats- they do not. They really do not. There are some seats at the pool and beach left with towels on them for hours upon hours, and meanwhile, other guests are forced to make haphazard arrangements, on the concrete or in the grass. Service is just really poor here. There are glasses and empty cans all over the place- the grounds are beautiful but full of litter. I can't understand why people can't just walk to the bar with their empty glass, or hand it to a server that comes around. This resort is VERY crowded. My guess is because of the fact that weddings are a big business here. We are pretty sure they oversold during our stay. Many of us were offered a free night at Silversands if we'd leave Maroma a day early, and then in exchange we'd get 3 nights free at Maroma some time in the next year. We would have LOVED to go to Silversands, but I didn't want 3 nights again at Maroma, even if it was free. So we opted not to do it. I'd rather pay and go to Silversands next time. You can bet that is what we will do. We didn't hate this resort, and we had a nice time, but I believe money is better spent elsewhere. I'd be happy to answer questions if needed!