We recently returned from a week at Secrets Maroma, and found that our experience mirrors many of the reviews found here. Since I used this site to help make the decision to stay here, I wanted to contribute our own feelings, as well. First, the positives. The service is essentially outstanding. Everybody went out of their way to be as helpful and pleasant as possible, across the board, from the check-in people to the waiters to the barkeepers to the wait staff around the pool and beach. I can't say enough about their attempts to provide the best service possible. I didn't feel pressured to tip, but I certainly did, because they deserved it. The beach is indeed lovely. I don't know that I would call it the best beach I have ever seen anywhere, but it is clearly a great attraction. Chairs were always available, and the drink service was very good, as well. Our room was comfortable, clean, and quiet. Even though the resort was full, or close to full, I never heard any neighbors. Other postings noted hearing noises from nearby rooms, but we heard nothing. If the neighbors were making love, for instance, we were regrettably not aware of it. The food is very acceptable. It is not gourmet quality, but I was not expecting that. It exceeded our expectations on nearly every level. More on this later, as there are a few mild negatives, but overall we were happy with what was offered. The grounds are lovely. I don't get the complaints about institutional appearance at all. The foliage is well grown in, and very well maintained. I do not see what anybody could complain about, to be honest. It looks green and tropical and lush. No problems at all with AC. In fact, at times I thought it worked too well. It was fine. Bed was comfortable, and the lack of "privacy" due to the bathroom design was not an issue for us. We did not get any timeshare nonsense at all. None. It never even came up. Maybe they realized that we are not fools, or maybe they thought we were dirt poor. Either way, they left us alone. We saw plenty of others getting the "tour" and sales pitch, though. We had a 4th floor room in Building 26. The view was excellent. The tub on the deck is essentially useless, however, due to lack of privacy and hot water. More on that later. Cons, such as they are, include rather lackluster showers. The water was never really hot, and at times was downright lukewarm. Water pressure was not impressive, either, although maybe that is part of the local conservation laws? Not sure. Either way, it was rather unfulfilling. I did not notice a yellow tint to the water, but didn't try to use either the jacuzzi or soaking tub. Drinks are rather weak, but that may or may not be a negative. They have premium liquor, but not unless you ask for it. Strength of drinks at the swim-up bar can clearly be improved by either personal relationships with barkeeper, or by tips. They are happy to make them stronger, but won't if you don't mention it. Lots of different fruity drinks that all more or less taste the same. I got tired of the cheap champagne very quickly. While the food is very good, it does taste the same after a while. By day #4 we started to notice this, and by the end of the week we were ready for more variety. Breakfast, while initially impressive due to depth and breadth of selection, got old by midweek, as well. Maybe that is just us. The towel game thing is a pain. There's a pool guy who supposedly removes your stuff from a chair if you are gone for more than 30 minutes (morning only), but the enforcement is uneven at best. If you are a cute young thing who takes the time to get to know him, or if you slip him a few bucks, you are not going to get your stuff moved. I watched it, as an early riser/reader at the pool deck, time and time again over the week. On the other hand, I don't know how to combat the problem, either. People are just generally rude and feel entitled. We were in the Preferred Club, building 26. As I said, the view was great. I'm not so sure about any advantage to this other than location, though. The Club wasn't of much use to us, since there is food and alcohol everywhere anyhow, and the concierge was not of much use to us, even though he was very pleasant. I certainly would not pay extra for a swim-up in any building, as the pool areas are very shady and I hear the water is not heated. Makes no sense to me to pay more for that. It's not even all that private. Room service was slow. They won't allow you to have a bottle of wine delivered to your room, BUT, they will deliver 8 glasses if you ask for them. Makes no sense. Minibar has no wine, and just small beers and cokes. Just a few mini bottles of liquor are made available in the room. The house wine, as noted by others, is only barely acceptable. The wine list is the same at all of the restaurants, and is fairly limited. It's a bit overpriced, as well. At the restaurants they would rather you buy a bottle of better wine than drink much of the house wine, that much is clear. I did find the wine policy disappointing, even though we were forewarned. Never got real turn-down service. Didn't really care, but they said they offered it, and for us we never received it. Forget about the folded up towel-duck thing, I guess. I also don't know why anybody would get married here. There's a wedding gazebo right next to one of the pools, right where a lot of people pass by or lay. You would have a lot of strangers walking by in swimsuits, commenting on you and your wedding party. To each his own, I guess. It is most certainly not intimate, unless you were to get married at 2am. The biggest negative is that this resort seems to cater to a large corporate clientele, and two large groups were there during our visit. These groups seem to consist of young drinking burping and farting young people, which can make the pool resemble a spring break crowd when they are in full swing. It certainly detracts from the atmosphere, to say the least. I understand that they need to make money, but the place was 80% full without these people, and then got up to full capacity with them. When this is going on, the place is NOT romantic or relaxing. Anybody who wants such an experience should email the hotel and make sure none of these groups will be visiting during their stay.