My husband and I traveled to Secrets Maroma 12/10/10-12/17/10 to celebrate our 10 year anniversary. This was our first all inclusive and we enjoyed the experience (we have done several cruises in the past). Our first impression of the resort was beautiful. The grounds were very well maintained, the common buildings were very clean and the beach was spectacular. Check in was smooth and nice to have a cold towel and champagne on check in. We were not given our $200 coupons at check in. Instead Secrets feels the need to let an individual from the timeshare group contact you to come and pick them up so you have sit there and they try to rope you into attending the timeshare meeting. Did not enjoy this part. We were given direction to our room and met our concierge, Roger, as we were getting on the elevator. He took us to our room that had the Happy Anniversary banner on the door and talked to us a bit in the room. The room was very nice and beautiful. The room however was NOT soundproof. I had a hard time sleeping here the bed was hard and you could hear things going on outside as well as "activities" from the other rooms. I get it I am an adult but come on Secrets you could do a better job of making the rooms comfortable. I did not get a lot of sleep while we were here because of how uncomfortable the room was. Our black out blind broke one day and the fix was to put a drywall screw to hold it together. You could also see through the gaps in the door and the frame. I think that amplified the sound. Our maid service and fridge restock was very inconsistent. There were several days that our room was not cleaned/refreshed/turned down. We used our "Do Not Disturb" button appropriately and still no service or fridge restock. The food here was very good most of the time. There were times of inconsistencies not only with the food but more so with the service. I thoroughly enjoyed breakfast at World Cafe. Ask to sit in Freddy's section. Never a dull moment with Freddy as he really made breakfast and lunch enjoyable. A total character and really made my experience personal. Our favorite restaurants were Oceana and Himitsu. We enjoyed the ambiance at both and the service was probably the best at these two. We ate at Portofino and Bordeaux and it took us over two hours to be served. I am all about enjoying the setting but this was way too long to sit for dinner especially when you had to wait to be seated in the restaurant. Also there were times when we ordered our meal and it was not what we ordered. Getting bread and drink refills was hit or miss. Very inconsistent. While we were here it was our Anniversary and my husbands birthday all of which were noted on our reservation. It would have been nice to go to dinner one night because the staff saw the information on our reservation and had a dessert brought to us with a nice Happy Anniversary or Happy Birthday touch. Again I did not feel that this resort made anything personal. The Entertainment was probably the biggest disappointment for me. The staff yes did work hard but I felt that the activities lacked a bit of excitement. I would have liked to see some fun happen at the pool, not out of control party but just some fun adult activites. It was rather boring. The shows at night were just ok, nothing amazing. We enjoyed the Rock Show and the Comedian but for the price we paid to go to the resort they should be a little bit higher caliber. Drinks and drink service was great. I never had a hard time getting someone to bring you a drink. In fact get to know the people walking around the pool and and the bars and they will remember you and your drink of choice. I had shots of tequila brought to me without even asking, thanks Eduardo. That is the type of service that I expected from the entire resort. Make sure when you order a drink that you ask for top shelf or you get the low grade by default. They are willing to accommodate your request. One downfall was at night trying to find the wine that we had at dinner in the bar. Also I was looking for Frangelico one day and had to walk to all the bars. I had to go out of my way to find what I was looking for. If the bar didnt have it they should have found a way to provide it. Again for what we paid to stay here I expected top notch and just didnt get that feeling from the service. The beach is absolutely beautiful and the pool is as well. Sometimes it was very hard to find a chair at the pool. I also wish the infinity pool was heated that would have helped with the pool crowding. Some of the chairs both on the beach and at the pool were in need of repair and also a thorough cleaning. Often times we would go to the beach and the table was filthy. I get it, a table on the beach but again where was the attention to detail. Also as you were at the pool or beach you would see the timeshare people accompanying visitors around the resort. This took away from my experience. I want to relax and enjoy and to have that distraction was something that I just did not enjoy. My husband and I both did come down sick, him while we were at the resort and me when I got home. We only drank the bottle or distilled water never from the tap. It could have been the food. Who knows. I dont hold this against the resort in any way. It happens. Overall this was a nice vacation. We love the all inclusive experience and are looking at doing another all inclusive vacation. We hate the small disappointments, the inconsistencies and the uncomfortable room. We met some great people during our stay, Canada and Kansas, and that mixed with what we made of it celebrating a birthday and our anniversary did make it a good time.