The beach was gorgeous. The pool was heated. The staff was exceptionally friendly. The food, on the other hand, was awful. The quality of ingredients was poor (tough steaks, frozen fish, frozen vegetables) and the preparation of overly complex recipes was subpar. House wine was generally undrinkable and cheap scotch was substituted for the requested top-shelf liquor. When I was told at check-in that we would be upgraded from a partial- to a full-ocean view, I was thrilled, but our second-floor view revealed only a tiny sliver of turquoise peaking out over the trees. I would have been angry if I'd paid for an ocean view. The terrace was, however, lovely with a cozy love seat and outdoor tub. Throughout our five days, I found myself often comparing Secrets Maroma to the Barcelo Palace, where I went a couple of years ago. I found myself longing for the Palace's restaurants, perched on the water, each one with an outdoor terrace. At the Palace I ate dinner watching sand crabs scurry on the shore as the moon rose over the water. The food there wasn't fabulous, but the filet mignon was excellent and the lunch and breakfast buffets were truly awesome. I'd chosen Secrets Maroma because it also had outdoor dining, but the terraces were nowhere near the water and the view was of the well-lit hotel. I preferred the restaurants by the also well-lit pool. Strangely, the pool and beach bars closed at five, meaning if you wanted to sit on the beach and watch the sunset you were doing it without a cocktail. At Barcelo you could also opt to sit on the lobby-bar terrace and watch the spectacular curved beach change color. The lobby bar at Secrets Maroma looked at the resort. By day the beach was great, but the pool was noisy (sometimes with two different songs blaring from different loudspeakers) and chaises hard to get. The pool design was elegantly modern, but nowhere near as gorgeous as the Palace's acres of blue with a little water massage here and some fountains there. You may come to Secrets wishing for a little adult romance (and beware it truly is a world of couples), but after each lunch at Barcelo Palace I snagged a canopied bed at the incredibly serene and beautiful adults pool. No noise, no crowds. The sand at Barcelo is not as powdery as Maroma beach, but the latter is one of many resorts in view down the coast. Overall the landscape design and architecture of Secrets Maroma is fairly boring (with wide sweeps of concrete) compared to the often spectacular Barcelo. I got my room at Secrets for a very discounted price, which was slightly more than I would have paid if I'd booked at the Barcelo Palace. They should be comparably priced, but I would never again choose Secrets Maroma.