We stayed at Secrets Maroma at the end of October 2010. We had a wonderful time - we are truly missing our beach chairs, but we felt there were some things that fell short of our expectations given the price we paid and the hype from some of the reviews. I will go into these items below. As a frame of reference, we have stayed at Dreams in Cabo, Secrets Capri and have had two trips to Excellence Playa Mujeres. Our round trip transportation to and from the resort was included in our package and was provided by Best Day. We had to wait at the airport for some others to gather in the van, however we were the first stop, so we didn't have a long trip to get to the resort - about 30 minutes. Our trip back to the airport was a private SUV. Hands down, the beach at this resort is beautiful. The water was an amazing color and the sand was soft powder well into the ocean - no rocks or sharp edges. One day while relaxing on the beach, I felt like I was in a dream. This image is going to have to get me through the upcoming winter! The beach is truly the absolute best thing about this resort. The service on the beach was very good. While the water and sand were amazing, we felt that the beach chairs were way too close together. I know this sounds picky, but the palapas seemed to be built taller than we were used to at other resorts, so the shade from the palapa was not really close to where the actual palapa was. So if we sat near someone who wanted to be in the sun under their palapa, but we wanted to be in the shade, we were practically sitting on top of the other guests. I'm sure part of this is a result of the time of year we traveled since the sun is lower in the sky - you can't really blame the resort for that! But the palapas were close together and typically had 4 beach chairs under each palapa. We felt this kind of ruined the romantic atmosphere when we had to sit close enough to others to hear their conversations, etc. We stayed in a preferred club room on the top floor of building 26. This was a very good location and we had a great view of the ocean as well as the pool. The only down side to being in this building is that we did not have a view of the sunrise from our room. For that view, I would recommend staying in the building on the opposite side of the resort in building 16. The room is what we expected - very clean, having the expected amenities. Having visited Mexico resorts before, we were used to the open bathroom setup with the frosted glass windows on the shower and water closet. The water spray in the shower was average - I guess we have been spoiled by the showers at Playa Mujeres. The bed was comfortable, the pillows were OK, a bit too mushy, but we didn't lose sleep over it. The balcony was not very comfortable. The bench out there is a built in cement love seat type chair with cushions on it, so it's not movable. The tub was kind of a waste of space - not really big enough to be able to really enjoy, and not very private. We were surprised that the preferred club rooms had mini bottles of liquor rather than the full size bottles we have seen before in the Excellence Club at Playa Mujeres. The mini bottles were Wyborowa vodka, Bacardi rum and either Grant's whiskey or Jack Daniels. We aren't big drinkers, so this wasn't a big deal for us, but we noticed the difference. The fridge was filled daily with water, soft drinks, Corona, etc. On most days, our room did not get made up until close to 4PM, and we were typically out of our room each day by 9AM. We only had turn down service one of the nights because they'd come by around 7PM and slip a note that if we wanted turn down service, we had to call and ask for it since we had the "do not disturb" button on when they came by. We didn't feel like we should have to call for the turn down service, so we didn't bother. The free in room wireless internet worked for our Macbook, however we could not use it on our iPhone or iPod touch. I know we didn't come to the resort to be on the computer or email, but we had certain things going on where we needed to maintain connections. When we asked the concierge about the wireless not working on the iPhone, he said that sometimes the iPhones don't work with the wireless (huh?). We were able to connect the iPhone to wireless in other areas of the resort, so I don't know why it did not work in the room. The other thing we learned is that the resort blocks VOIP type services, so the iCall app I had on my iPhone that I intended to use to call home for free would not work. This is probably the same for Skype or any of the other similar services so you're forced to buy the resort's expensive phone cards. We felt this was really annoying, especially when they advertise free in room wireless internet and we felt the blocking is just a way to nickel and dime people. Uncool. We thought the food was good - not great, but not bad either. I liked the fact that they had the Barefoot Grill where we could pick up something to eat without having to put our shoes and cover ups on. The breakfast was ok, but we thought the breakfasts at Playa Mujeres were much better. I was disappointed not to see any chorizo and few Mexican choices, but instead there were greasy sausages that one would find in a fast food restaurant. One night at dinner, we ordered scallops at Bordeaux, which were raw. When we didn't eat them, the waiter asked if something was wrong, we told him why we didn't eat them. He came back and said he talked to the chef, and that's how they cook them in Mexico. I guess everyone in Mexico has much stronger stomachs than we do, because there is no way we were eating uncooked scallops. We liked the food at Portofino, but it wasn't consistent. We also tried Himitsu and thought the food there was pretty good as well. We didn't think the overall layout of the resort was that good. The chairs around the pool were really packed together, even more so than the beach. There were sides of the pool that had large rocks instead of pool chairs, and while it looked nice, they could have used the space to spread the chairs out a bit. We looked at the photo of the resort on the Secrets website when we got back and it's hilarious to see the sparse pool chairs in that photo. Also, there is a lot of wasted space for the fountain that runs for a good portion of the length of the resort. We felt that this would have been better utilized as a full blown pool rather than the shallow pool that was in place. Given the size of the resort, things could have been spread out more so that everything isn't all crowded together with other areas of dead space with nothing going on. However, the gardens and grounds were impeccably maintained. While the resort boasts a lot of pools, they count the swim out pools, which are only accessible to the guests who have the swim out suites. Some of those seemed to be more private than others, but we didn't see anyone swimming in those pools the entire time we were there. The main pools were kind of busy, with quite a bit of drunken activity by the pool bar. Overall the staff and service were excellent. The one thing that irked us was the constant pestering to attend what we assume was time share seminars. The first morning we were there, a woman from the preferred club called the room at 8:30AM to ask us to come and get our $200 resort coupons (which are useless - more about this below). Fortunately, we were up and out of the room early so the call didn't wake us. When we visited the preferred club later that day, we asked about the coupons and had to sit through the woman explaining to us about "a new program" they were starting for about 1/2 hour. Then she wanted us to sign up to come down the next morning to enter into a drawing for free stuff. When we didn't show up the next day, she kept calling our room asking us to come down. This was pretty annoying. We didn't come on vacation to get a sales pitch, we are already paying to be there on vacation! The coupons really aren't worthy anything. They have to be spent in increments toward items that are already overpriced - seems to be just a ploy to get folks to buy extras. Given the prices in the spa, we did not use the services. I did overhear some others (because the chairs are so close together) talking about how much they enjoyed the spa. We have used spa services at other resorts, we just didn't feel the prices were justified. While my review may seem to be on the negative side, i've tried to hit on things I haven't seen in other reviews and to provide an objective point of view. I would recommend this resort to friends, just for the beach alone. If you book this resort, you will have a good time unless there's something wrong with you, and you won't go hungry. We're usually the type of people that don't sweat the small stuff. We just felt there were a number of things that when combined, made our rating fall below our expectations given the premium the resort charges and the perceived caliber the resort is supposed to be. There's a possibility we could be convinced to return to the resort if the price is right, but for the money, we'd probably try some place else. I think the resort is definitely worth at least one visit just to spend time on the beach.