My wife and I have been away quite a bit over the past few years with different all inclusive resorts. I think we have pretty good idea on what makes a resort five star and what does not. Now don't get me wrong, this resort has some great amenties to it, but all in all it did not live up to the expectations we had being ranked so high for an all inclusive in Mexico. Pros: The food at the Japanese was awesome both times we went there and all in all the food was good at most of the restaurants. The beach was also nice and you could walk for miles in either direction. That is really the only two items that impressed us on our trip. Cons: I don't even know where to begin with the room. We had multiple issues with our room including bugs all over the place. I understand the elements we were in, but when there are bugs crawling in the tub and shower, it is a little bit disturbing. We contacted the front desk on three different occasions and each time we were promised they would take care of it. Finally, the next day they had someone come out and spray our room for bugs. This solution at least made the room somewhat bearable, but service at the front desk was HORRIBLE when contacted to switch rooms or take care of it sooner. Also, hot water in our room did not seem to work very consistently which was annoying when trying to shower. Finally, don't get a swim out pool because it is not worth it. The swim out portion is nice to look at, but you cannot stay in there but for a few minutes because the water temperature is so cold. I understand that an all inclusive means all you can drink, but service was rather slow on most days when asking for a drink at the pool and other areas of the resort. Many of them didn't smile or even try to make you feel at home when asking for a drink. I hope AM Stars will seriously look at the customer service provided at the front desk and with servers because I would not recommend this resort to anybody. You can get a better experience at a smaller resort that costs half the price. Very disappointing!