My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma for 5 nights. Please note that we typically favor small boutique hotels and bed and breakfasts, but despite having a disaster all-inclusive experience in the past, we decided to check out Secrets Maroma given the rave reviews read on this website. An added incentive was that we got a massive discount. Thus, in full disclosure, this review isn't without its biases, but I believe that it can be helpful to some readers. I will review by category: Check in/check out: Quick and hassle-free. We didn't get offered a drink at check-in or shown around our room, which we later found out was a standard procedure for the place. We didn't care. Hotel grounds/pool area/beach: Generally well-kept and clean. There are lots of mosquitos, so beware. The pool is nicely designed, and the water temperature is kept at a cool temperature (too cold to swim on some October days). The chairs around the pool fill up fast, which was incredibly annoying. I can't imagine what peak season is like because when we were there, it was packed by late morning. There are only 2 hot tubs on the grounds, which were usually filled with drunk people. The beach was gorgeous as advertised, and there were more empty chairs than there were at the pool. However, the chairs and tables were very cheap - we're talking little more than simple plastic. There were never enough tables for everyone. It doesn't appear that the tables were cleaned while we were there. Rooms: The rooms were well decorated. The sheets were no more than 600 thread count, but they smelled very nice. The provided shampoo and soaps smelled nice too, but there was no conditioner provided. The in-room fridge had water, beer, soda, and juice which was convenient. We got an ocean view room. Our view of the ocean was approximately 75% obstructed by other buildings and vegetation. My advice would be to pay for the partial view or tropical view room because unless you pay a fortune for the ocean front rooms, you're not going to get a good view of the ocean. The bed was generally comfortable, but the pillows were surprisingly lumpy-bumpy. We had 4 pillows, and all 4 were the same way. We avoided the decorative pillows because they smelled stale/moldy. We had additional problems with broken terrace doors and a broken sink plunger. I know there were complaints about the air conditioning, but ours worked just fine. The hot water unfortunately comes out yellow-green (see pictures), which may be due to the chemicals in the water, but needless to say, we never used our jaccuzzi. In addition, once we filled our jaccuzzi with the yellow water and drained it, there was a granular residue (like dirt) left over. We called the front desk, and the receptionist chuckled (almost as if she were saying "here we go again"), and spoke in Spanish to someone next to her with the phone muffled by her hand. She sent a maintenance guy who said the water was clean and that it would clear up after running it for a while. 6 days and 5 nights later, it was still yellow. Those, however, weren't the major problems. There were 2 major problems. First, there were innumerous, 1mm and smaller bugs crawling all over the place. I have no idea what these were - they weren't ants and they weren't bedbugs, but they were everywhere. Luckily we never found them in our bed or belongings, but it was disgusting - please note that I've rarely - if ever - used this term in a review. See pictures. Second, the walls were incredibly thin. Guests can hear other guests with ease. From conversations, to the sounds of urination in the toilet, to the sounds of couples having sex next door...you can hear it all. This is a serious problem which will be difficult for this hotel to rectify. Service: Spectacular. Although the front desk/receptionists were icy at times, everyone else was phenomenal. For example, we wanted to move rooms because our initial room was near the theater which was very loud at night (remember the thin walls mentioned above). Although the receptionists seemed a bit annoyed, they still worked hard at making the move happen. The move happened seamlessly thereafter. The waiters, bartenders, bellboys, doormen, etc. were all very polite and courteous. If you go here, please tip them well. Our only complaint was this presentation which was hardly different from a timeshare presentation. We thought it was going to be a reward program for referring folks, but we were suckered into this horrific presentation that lasted over 3 hours, although we were told it would last 1 to 1.5 hours. My wife and I eventually told them that we had to leave because toward the end, they were getting desperately pushy, making us feel uncomfortable. Avoid this presentation at all costs. Food and Drink: The sit-down dinner options were above average to excellent. We tried The Bordeaux (French), Portofino (Italian), Himitsu (Japanese), and El Patio (Mexican). The World Cafe for brunch, room service, and pool/beach-side food ranged from below-average to average. The mixed drinks were average but generally disappointing. Many of the drinks tasted too artificial (i.e. - too much artificial mixer) and often times the alcohol came up short in the drinks. If you request a double shot, they are always happy to add it in though. Note: no Patron. Spa: We purchased a $230 Relaxing Couples Massage for 50 minutes. It was essentially a rub down with nice smelling oil. Our skin was massaged, but my muscles came out feeling the same. The spa grounds were nice. It would be nicer if their sauna and steam room were larger. Entertainment: There are daily activities such as water aerobics, volleyball, soccer, dancing lessons, etc. There are evening events such as "American Idol", "Grease", Stand up comedy, etc. We didn't take part in any of this stuff, so I can't comment on it. All I know is that it could get loud in the rooms at night (bah humbug...seriously, we're not that uptight. We just want a quiet room). Clientele: This is a resort that has a lot of honeymooners and couples celebrating anniversaries. One of the things my wife and I noticed is that the resort is very Americanized which, obviously, attracted a lot of Americans - many from the South it seemed. As will be the case with any all-inclusive resort, there were plenty of drunk, loud, and obnoxious Americans making outstanding comments from the lewd to the racist at the top of their lungs. I've determined that this will be an inevitable byproduct of any all-inclusive - even in the pricier options. In the end, we went to Secrets Maroma for some R&R, and got it. We only went here because we got a ridiculous deal. However, there is no way I would pay the standard $400 to $600 dollars or more per night to stay here. This hotel is trying very hard to become a 5 diamond institution, but there are many improvements that need to be made. Speaking strictly in terms of value, I truly believe the prices need to go down at Secrets Maroma.