Perhaps my first mistake was to read so many reviews prior to our venturing to SMB; although great, it was not the outstanding resort I was anticipating. The beach was indeed spectacular and the service EXCELLENT (please tip the staff, they deserve it). However, the grounds and the rooms, although beautiful were not any more beautiful than other resorts we have visited in the Mayan. What we found most disappointing was the food. World Cafe and Barefoot Grill were both satisfying; however, the restaurants for dinner were average and on the fourth day became bland. Personally I enjoy a glass of wine with dinner and their house wine is of low quality. I assume they do that on purpose so you will 'upgrade' and purchase an astronomically priced bottle of better wine. Certainly not what I expected for the price we paid or for a 5 star resort. We had a swim up suite which I loved; it was great to get out of the sun for a couple of hours and take a refreshing dip in our private pool. We upgraded to the Preferred Club, although I am unsure if the extra expense was worth it. We had water, Corona and Coke in our fridge, so I am not sure what an upgraded mini bar includes. We never received a daily newspaper and due to their none wristband policy, Im sure a non-preferred guest could walk into the Preferred Lounge with no issue. The 3 bottles of alcohol they leave in your room are airplane sizes, quite funny actually. Again, I have stayed in other resorts where they provide a 750ml bottle for your consumption. Lastly, they have sparkling water which they offer during meals; however, you can only have one glass at a time. When I asked for them to leave the L carafe they bring it in, they said no. Just to ensure it wasnt that particular server, I asked on three separate occasions and received the same answer. Here are some tips/info that I would like to pass on. 1) The sizes of the shower gel and such are all ample, although the shampoo is a shampoo/conditioner combo, which I found drying. You may want to bring a good conditioner with you. 2) If youre in a swim out suite, keep your screen as well as your patio doors closed. It will help keep the bugs out. 3) Bring bug spray. My husband did not get one mosquito bite, while I received quite a few (although not any more than I would receive gardening at home). If you plan on eating at the Seaside Grill or Oceana, use your spray. I forgot during one of our dinners there and my ankles were dinner for the little critters. 4) Bring lots of sunscreen, if you run out it will cost you $26.00 USD a bottle in their gift shop. 5) If you are in a swim-out and plan to use it, bring a couple of beach towels back to your room. The floor gets extremely slippery when wet and the beach towels are a perfect temporary carpet. 6) Dont count on the $200.00 resort credit you receive. The coupons come with restrictions and ultimately we did not use ours. 7) Unfortunately, you cannot order lobster UNLESS you upgrade and purchase a bottle of wine or one of their beach dinners. 8) We could not get any cell service and had to use their phone at a cost of $5.00 per minute. 9) Bring a night light with you for your room. Overall the beach and staff made the trip enjoyable; however, we would not go back. The phrase, you can upgrade became annoying and for the price of our tickets I felt as though there are other resorts with better food and more inclusions.