We visited the Secrets Maroma Beach during a 2 week holiday to Mexico, this hotel being our 2nd week's accommodation. This was our second visit to this hotel as we had visited two years ago when it had first opened. The hotel is located just north of Playa del Carmen in quite a private setting on one of Mexico's best beaches. The landscaped tropical gardens have really flourished since it has opened and our last stay. We chose a suite which was located in block 26 (which looking at the map, was the second block away from the beach on he left hand side). The room was really nice, however with hindsight, we hardly spent any time in our room or on the balcony with the exception of sleeping. As you'll be aware, this hotel is on an all inclusive basis. Food is generally of a good standard and the choice of menus will appeal to the majority, offering a la carte style pictures on plates to pile it high and take away - all depending on which restaurant you decide to visit. However, one thing that was noticeable was the waiters looking for a tip/gratuity. I know that this subject is down to the individual and it is of a peronal preference, however, not at this hotel it seems. We tend to tip at the end of our stay to show our appreciation of good service - not after each drink order. It was only when waiting to be served at the pool or on the beach that we thought we was getting a bum deal on service compared to some of our American cousins around us that we realised that if you wanted the waiter to come back to you for another drinks order, you had to drop them a few dollars. (I must stress that this was not all waiters but it was the majority) On noticing this, we felt pressurised into tipping. I don't go on an all inclusive holiday to feel that I have to tip all of the time. - You may as well not go all inclusive and pay for your drinks. In the restaurants, some, you got really good service (saying really good, it was at a level you would expect) others, you would order something and they'd forget your order or it would come nt as ordered (I waited nearly 15 minutes for a beer, my wife had finished her meal by the time her side order of veg arrived, meat ordered as 'medium' cooked would come rare) - All of these things should not be happening for a 5* luxury hotel. However, as soon as you made preparations for getting up to leave, waiters would swarm around the table with 'have a nice evening and thanks for coming etc' but with all eyes on the table, searching for what tip had been left. Shame the management can't extend such eagerness to other parts of their service. On the whole, the staff were very friendly, the public areas were well kept and the entertainment team were always busy. We chose to return to this hotel for such reasons but mainly because we love the beach. Or should I now say, we did love the beach! Imagine picture postcard settings of palm trees, white soft sugary sandy beach gently sloping down to crystal turquoise blue waters. Chef's preparing an excellent BBQ on the beach and a waiter drinks service for those who could afford to tip to get a repeat order. Sounds like paradise. Then, you glance up and see wild dogs from the jungle located next door to the hotel (this hotel has no neighbouring hotels at one side - just jungle) mingling between guests on their sunbeds, looking for food. With no discouragement from the staff, you get the odd foolish guest feeding a plate of freshly cooked food from the BBQ to these dogs. One day, one of the dogs pee'd up against the wedding gazebo only minutes before the bride walked onto the beach. We also witnessed a dog foul the beach between the sunbeds and the sea. Anther foolish guest went and kicked sand over the freshly produced pile. What a nice surprise for some unsuspecting guest coming out of the sea to step in that! The hotel concierge and the front desk staff told us that the beach was council owned and that they couldn't do anything more than what they was already doing to avoid the wild dogs visiting and that they thought a family of dogs lived next door in the jungle. During our 7 days stay, the hotel and its staff did nothing to discourage these dogs from begging for food. Waiters and beach staff just looked on. Some guests 'shooed' the dogs away. Other guests, like I've mentioned took pitty on them and fed them. For us, this was a huge disappointment, coming to a 5* luxury hotel and having to be on our guard against either the dogs themselves (we're not dog lovers - especially wild ones) and their big parcels they leave in view of us. Because of this and the lack of the staff not doing anything to discourage this was a huge turn off for us and has probably un-done all of the good aspects and memories of our stay. I doubt that we would return, however, if something like this would not bother you and you bring a wad of dollars with you, this could be the hotel for you.