We just returned from our honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach. We checked Trip Advisor every day for weeks leading up to our trip....and were so excited!! We noticed that there were a variety of reviews on here...some outstanding but every once in awhile a horrible review that scared us a great deal!! My husband and I are both quite optimistic and both agree that there are certain people that will always be miserable, no matter where they go, or what they do, they find something wrong with it. We are not THOSE people! We have a good time no matter where we are and always appreciate what we have and how lucky we are. With that being said, we want to share our experience with you so that you can better plan for your trip to this resort. We'll start with the good---- the resort is STUNNING! The buildings are clean, architecturally impressive, and just really take your breath away. The service was EXCEPTIONAL, every one was kind and willing to help (most of the time, see below). The pool was much larger than we expected, many people complained about its size but there was plenty of room to lay out and swim. The beach...WOW....really was gorgeous. The loungers are kind of gross and old and are not the lovely wooden ones that they show on the resorts web site. The service on the beach was just as good as it was inside the resort. Our room, even though we were in one of the far back buildings, was on the fourth floor and therefore, had a GREAT view. The room was clean and looked just as it does on their web site. Himitsu is a must-- by far the best restaurant and service of them all. And as everyone else says, make a reservation for the hibachi table. VERY well worth it! The entertainment crew is AWESOME!!! The shows at night were great!!! The Rock show and Cirque shows were our favorites!! I had a massage with Paula in the Spa....it was the best that I ever had (I booked a deep tissue after reading some reviews that the massages were weak at best)!!! The Spa was BEAUTIFUL!! The jetted tub was beautiful in our room and in theory would have been a great amenity to our room, but the jets were stained and it looked like perhaps, it hadn't been maintained or cleaned as a jetted tub should, so we never used it. As I mentioned above, the service was exceptional. For our seven day visit, we went through about $225 in tips. For the most part, it was never expected but always generously appreciated. On the downside, there was one server at the pool, who at least two times, put her hand right out for a tip. At the pool, we would tip a $5 every few trips to the bar....but didn't tip every time as it got a bit annoying to have singles on us all the time etc. She was very rude and kept pushing drinks on us, then putting her hand out for a tip. At a resort, where it says right on their web site that gratuity is included, this behavior should not even be tolerated! The pool side bar, also seemed frustrated when we didn't tip-- in fact once, as they were clearly serving other people drinks, told us that they were closed. I understand that it was a minute past closing time, but when others are being served, that's not the time to shut out other guests.. The first few nights, we seemed to really enjoy the food, Hitmitsu as I already mentioned was a great hit, we loved Portofino and El Patio...but after the third day realized that ALL the food tasted the same...no matter what restaurant it came from, it "tasted like Secrets" (inside joke between my hubby and I). Lunch and dinner....always fries...always chicken and beef veggie stir fry. It was clear that most of the food was coming out of the same kitchen. It got real old, real fast. We did a day trip to Playa del Carmen.....we wish we would have eaten lunch and dinner out that day and regret not doing so. That might have broken things up a bit. But, I think sometimes when you're at an all inclusive, you feel the need to "get your moneys worth." One of our biggest disappointments was the romantic dinner on the beach-- which they charge you between $150-$200 American dollars for. First of all, I get that the service on the beach is extra and therefore perhaps some money should be charged for that personalized service. But to charge a premium for food that is coming out of the same exact kitchen (Seaside Grille) that we would have been eating at, is ridiculous. The quality of food wasn't really anything beyond what we had everywhere else in the resort. The nice linens and personal touches on the table..were nice and again I could see paying a little extra for BUT not $150-$200. But, it was our honeymoon and of course, we wanted a romantic dinner on the beach so we got sucked in just like I'm sure many other couples do. Well....we had our salad, our soup, a glass of champagne. I noticed that the clouds were darkening quickly and alerted the waiter to it. He assured my husband and I to keep eating our main course which was just served. Within 3-5 minutes, we were all running to the Seaside Grille....our food now cold and half eaten. We were soaking wet. Then....no one really served on us once we got there. I think the servers were trying to bring things off the beach at that point, but we sat soaking wet, waiting for some service. Alas, the gentleman in charge of dinners on the beach came up, noticed we were sitting there, and finally came over. I told him we were waiting for champagne and dessert....it came out eventually but we were so disappointed at our romantic dinner....we only sat on the beach maybe 30 minutes at most. We didn't want to cause any kind of scene so we decided to talk to Roger, our concierge, the next morning. He just kept telling us "oh but you were almost done", "you were almost done".....we got frustrated and had to re-approach him telling him that we were unsatisfied and would like to have our dessert and drinks on the beach later that night, and that we'd be happy to take the latest time or do it whenever was most convenient for them. He told us that he could not accomodate that request. Then later in the day, he approached us and told us that he would have dessert delivered to our room later that night. I felt that they should have maybe charged us half of what they did....he didn't agree trying to reassure us that we were almost done. Then the real kicker is that they delivered that dessert an hour later at like 3:00 in the afternoon while my husband was at the pool and I was taking a nap. It went straight to the trash. We should not have had to argue this point, the resort should have accomodated us accordingly. Lastly, towels were generally always available by the pool. Two days, there were none available at the beach for HOURS. We had to walk up to the main building and request that housekeeping bring some out. For the price we paid.....we DO NOT feel that we got our money's worth. The food was so average, we were sick of eating it after a few days. Beautiful resort, but we think they need a little fine tuning to charge what they do. We will not be returning to this resort and are unsure if we would suggest this resort to our friends and family.