Reading reviews you'd think this would be an outstanding resort, however, aside from it's overall look--it IS beautiful by the way-- the food and drink are very average and inconsistent. Do not go by the 2008 reviews here because they are not true to what this resort is now. This hotel seems to be all about presentation (again you WILL get great pictures), but not too much else. You can take absolutely lovely photos of the resort and relax by the pool or beach, but if you expect good food and drinks this is not the place. Would not stay here again unless no other option for the price/value. if you came here on business (i.e. your company paid) or as a young couple looking to get away, I think this would be OK for you. Here's where it falls short: * Food is very inconsistent. It is either over seasoned (way too salty) or bland. Presentation of food for dinner is good (again its all about looks), but not hot enough or just not that good tasting. We talk with other couples what their meals where like , and they agreed In fact, several asked us what we thought without biasing us and they had the same opinion. * Room service breakfast--again inconsistent and food not great. One day assortment of pastries had 9 items, the next 5 items (for two people). Jam and butter included one day, missing the next. Grilled ham and cheese: One day toasted and cut. Next day, not toasted, not cut (like a sandwich you'd make at home in hurry). And finally on the third day crusts removed, lightly toasted. Very inconsistent. * Drinks extremely weak, even when you order a double. The best way to get good drinks is go to the bar yourself and tip nicely. Otherwise, they are pretty watery. It should not be this way. Sadly it is. * Guests take over lounges by the pool and beach even though they are not physically occupied. Staff can't do anything about this. It's the way it is. * Mini bar not well stocked--no snacks (if that matters to you) just cold drinks (no liquor other than a few small beers) * Location is on a beautiful section of the beach but if you want to experience the surrounding culture (playa del carmen or cancun) a taxi ride is not a short distance. If you just want to stay in one place, then this may not be a big deal to you. However, be aware that is isolated and nothing is in walking distance. Its a long one-way, bumpy dirt road to get to the property. * Hotel walls are thin.