Nice resort but not as good as our 2nd half of our vacation when we stayed at Excellence Riviera Canun. Don't get me wrong, Secrets is a beautiful resort with great food and beach. We stayed here for 4 days then moved over to ERC and stayed there the rest of the trip. This was planned and was nice because we got to see both resorts during the same vacation. Secrets does a great job on there food. The rooms are large but lacked attention to detail. No turn down service and when we did get it, no list of activities for next day. Several calls to front desk to have them check out A/C it just never got below 77 degrees. There is something wrong with that, but they insisted it was okay. The reason we like Excellence better was there was much more evening/day music going on and it seemed much more tropical with alot of the venues happening outdoor at night. Secrets seemed to shut down when the sun went down. Secrets seemed so cold and concrete it felt as if you could have been anywhere warm no Mexican feel to it at all. OVer at Excellence you felt like you were in Mexico with plenty of lush follige and open air bars. Also the float game at Secrets is a JOKE. I watched one day as they brought out the floats and wheeled them on a cart around the pool, the cart made it 1/2 way around and the floats were gone. Guess where they go? Under peoples butts on the wicker lounge chairs, like they own them. this is wrong. Over at Excellence they would put them out early morning and have enough for everyone. Very few float hogs. I will say that at Secrets they were putting brown padded mats for the lounge chairs out on our last day so maybe this sitting on the floats will stop. NOT! I read alot about the mosquitos and must say there weren' t bad at all. Never used our spray. The beach at Secrets is really a thing of beauty. Nice and soft with the prettiest blue water around. If your a beach person this will not disappoint. The service was great and the employees do work very hard. This is a nice resort and after seeing Excellence I felt Secrrets was a bit stuffy.