It was very difficult to rate our SMB experience. There were so many awesome things about our vacation, but I regretfully give it only 3 stars. POSTIVES Check-in was fast and easy. The rooms are nicely decorated, spacious, and have a very peaceful feel to them. The building concierges are awesome. The pool concierges are even better. The breakfast buffet was delish! I love the omelet station and the French toast was very much to my liking. Himitsu was fun and tasty. Oceana was made for a tasty dinner. SeaSide for lunch was good. Pool service is outstanding. The beach is absolutely beautiful. There are a number of activities available during the day and evening in rain and in sun. The spa is too expensive but absolutely beautiful. Staff are very friendly, and they generally try very hard to make guests happy. Our specific mini-bar requests were granted consistently throughout the entire stay. The room service was fast and convenient. Plenty of food options for our 8 day visit. NEGATIVES SUMMARY So how could we possibly give it only 3 stars? The summary is AC didnt work well, a missing apology, and the Montezumas. Had it not been for these 3 major issues, I would have rated this hotel a very strong 4. NEGATIVES DETAILS THE AC wasnt working in our first room. It never cooled below 78 degrees. After calling, maintenance came up very quickly to try and fix it. Despite being told they were at 50% occupancy at check-in, there were no rooms available that night for us to change too. Apparently, the night manager never made a note that we needed a different room. We called at 8:15am to inquire about a room change. We were told the manager would call us back at 8:30 when he got in. We had to call again at 10:30 to get an answer. We then had to re-explain everything again in the morning, decline an invitation for maintenance to come up a 3rd time, and push the issue for a new room. We were told we would be moved when a room became available at 3pm. They did upgrade the room to a preferred club, but no one ever apologized for the inconvenience. We felt like we lost a day, since we were reluctant to unpack everything in anticipation of our new room. So this set a bit of a bad tone for the remainder of our stay. Our 2nd room never cooled below 75 degrees. It seemed like we could never get cool enough during our stay at SMB. (disclaimer-My husband always runs hot, and I was 5 months pregnant. I wont mark SMB down for the rain they couldnt keep away for 3 of our 8 days. But when the sun came out, so did Montezumas Revenge! My husband was terribly sick. I had a less severe case of it, as well, on my last day. We brushed teeth with bottled water, and never left the resort. So somewhere along the way, we both became ill. This is our 6th Mexican trip in the last 5 years, and the 1st time either of got sick. Some other minor issues that contribute to the low score We waited for close to an hour to get some attention at the front desk, trying to get keys for our new room. We didnt get turn down service at least one night, our Secrets box was not cleared of dishes for a full 48 hours (I called twice for it to be cleared, but it took a 3rd call to get it resolved.) We had tiny little ants covering the desk in the room one day. (And, no there was no food there). The cleaning people didnt catch it, but management responded immediately after I complained. The pool seemed crowded at times, with no available loungers for guests to sit in. The Italian and Mexican restaurants left us hungry. The room-service menu could have more variety. All of the greenery and landscaping isnt fully developed, yet.