I will start off by saying that I am a Travel Consultant and have stayed at many high end resorts including the luxurious Iberostar Grand Paraiso. I am extremely fussy and was looking for complete R & R and luxury. To start off, yes the Indiana Jones Rd in is long however changing within 6 months to a private paved road. Upon entering the sleek, contemporary and sparsly decorating lobby, we felt as if we had entered a noisy train station. The sounds reverberated off the cream marble floors and cream high ceilings and walls with little to buffer in between except the reception desks. The resort has design issues which has created a noisy environment. Our room was awful in building 12- Room 1222. The rooms are lovely (as lovely as the Iberostar Grand's) room however we had an adjoining room to very loud women who woke at 6:00 a.m and talked and laughed quite a lot. If I were fluent in Spanish, I am sure I could have conversed with them. The secret box is like a "milk shute" and you could see right through it, thus hear the noise in the hallway which included guests in the middle of the night, the workers on their loud walkie talkies, the disco when they opened the door etc. Very noisy rooms. Perhaps in buidings 15 and 16 would be better!! The grounds are sparse with a contemporary pool design however every 15 ft there are speakers with "too loud" music. I asked several guests just to be sure it wasn't us that found it loud. There was "nowhere at all" to sit around the pool for quiet. We love music however not overly loud (esp when you want R & R which is what I had hoped for at Maroma). We wanted to get away from the wind as we were there on Nov. 21, 22 and 23 when it was so cold, cloudy and windy on the beach. 75 degrees also. So really nowhere to relax quietly. We found the crowd to be mixed though a lot of young wedding groups that were lively esp around the pool and the disco was lively so not sure why reviewers say it was quiet at night. The food was not bad. Not as great as the Iberostar Grand's fine dining. The World Cafe restaurant was a joke. From the outside where you had to enter, there was a wall of windows and 3 or 4 sets of wooden doors that you would assume one of, would be the restaurant entrance, however they were all locked. You could tell who the newcomers were as they all knocked on each and every door before someone pointed through the windows to go around. The entrance sign was on the wrong side of the sweeping staircase. You had to enter the main buffet by a service door. And yes, it was a service door. I can't tell you how many times, my husband and I had to open the doors for the staff and their carts. (shouldn't it have the other way around? and I'm not trying to be a snob however if this resort claims to be a 6 star then they should have opened the other set of doors for the staff and their laundry carts, flower carts, etc and enlarged the main entry along with a large sign posted to the main restaurant) Also, the restaurant was very dark, small and the tables very crowed together. The staff is wonderful and will do anything to accomodate you. Once I had given constructive advice, criticism to a staff member, they truly tried hard to remedy the situation however it is a design problem, not a staffing problem. On the last night, the head concierge offered to upgrade us to a swim out room due to the noise issues we experienced (esp with the adjoining door.. told them to seal them all up.. no need as no children allowed at this resort). The beach is one of the best I have ever been on.