I just got back from a long weekend @ Secrets Maroma. When we went to check in they did not have our room ready. Several couples in our party all got their rooms and we were the last ones (which was okay). Once we got to the room the keys were not programed and we had to go back to the lobby w/ our luggage. On top of that we had ordered a partial ocean view. All we got was a view of the palm trees (no ocean i sight). I would have been okay with that as long as they advertised it like that. I think that is something that they have to correct, it was very misleading. The front desk was not accomodating at all. I almost felt as though I was being discriminated against for being hispanic because, I saw other couples in the front desk being accomodated with their requests similar to ours (it could be because we didn't slip them a 20, money talks there) They did try making it up by giving us a bottle of wine but, I don't think a bottle of wine makes up for the difference. Also, the food at the night restaurants were very good but the food during the day especially in the world cafe was aweful. Terrible Terrible. It is very difficult to understand the huge contrast. We took an excursion during our stay and had some authenic food on that day trip which was excellent compared to the food at the resort. The actual staff (bartenders, waiters, housekeeping, room service) was wonderful, very accomodating and very friendly. My husband and I had an awesome time because, of the company that we were with. The hotel was very beautiful and large. There was marble everywhere. The pools were nice esepcially the heated one by the bar. They had top shelf liquor included in the all inclusive which is very rare. Also included in the package was the mini bar and room service (which most other all inclusives exclude) The beach was very nice. The sand was soft and powder white. They had plenty of beach towels and long chair to lay out. In comparison to other all inclusives like Barcelo and Bavarro Grand of Dominican Republic this resot falls a little short with over all quality of food and front desk accomodation. The hotel has potential to be a 5 star resort. To get there they will need to improve the quality of their food and improve thier front desk etiquette. Side note: tips are included at this resort however, if you give them a little something extra you will more than likely get what you are looking for. =)