I will try to keep this review short and to the point but to help future travelers I want to make sure it's thorough. My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Sept. 17-22. We had a smooth transfer to Maroma via USA Transfers (www.entertainment-plus.net). They were waiting at the airport holding a sign with my name on it and quickly loaded our luggage into an older Lincon Town Car and off we went! 30 minutes later we arrived at the Maroma. Check In: We walked into the lobby and were greated with what else but??......."Welcome home." Nobody had champagne or towels though so that was the first negative, but was expected based on previous traveler reviews. We sat down and woman checked the computer for our reservation. She found us immediately and began programming our keys. Here is where our problems started...She said your room is ready but it's a double bed room and that is all we have open, sorry but we upgraded you to an ocean view. I said she must be mistaken because I booked a king bed tropical view. She said only 50% of the resort is open and a reservation only guarantees a room not a specific bed or location. I looked at her and said mam, this is my wife sitting next to me and we don't sleep apart in double beds. Again she apologized and asked for us to check with her tomorrow. We unhappily went to our room as we seemingly had no choice but to accept this room at least for now. The room was nice(identical to the other rooms) and we may have been the first guests to stay in it. One of the sinks had a broken drain and held water like a basin but it wasn't worth reporting as we were dead set on not staying more than one night in this room. Fast forward to the morning of day two. My wife and I walked to the lobby with the hope of changing rooms. We sat down with the same woman as the day before and asked for a new room with a king bed. Again she checked the computer and there was still no open rooms with a king bed. I immediately asked for her manager whom happened to be Rafael, the Operations Manager. Within minutes he had a new room for us on the second floor of building 26. We were previously on the second floor of building 14 which was an "upgrade" supposedly. It's suprising that a building 2000 feet from the ocean is classified as an "oceanview" room especially when you can just barely see a speck of water. The new room was nice and we truly appreciate the fact Rafael helped us out but it does raise a serious concern. Why did this woman at the reception desk not want to help despite the fact we were clearly unhappy? This is an example of why Secrets Maroma is not a five star resort. We should not have to escalate to an Operations Manager to get a decent room with a bed suited for a married couple. Rafael stated more couples would be coming in that will be getting double bed rooms. I suspect more travelers will comment about the fact they were stuck in double bed rooms so lets move on. We waited several hours in our room for the new room to be cleaned and a bellhop to transport our luggage from building 14 to building 26. They never showed up so with the help of a concierge we brought our own luggage to the new room. Again this would never happen in a five star resort. For the next few days everything went pretty well. There were no maintenance issues in our room and we enjoyed the many restaurant's and bars around the facilities. Be prepared to wait 30 minutes to get a seat and then an additional 2 hours to get through your meal. Yes this is happening at only 50% capacity. I can't vouch for anyone but it was what we experienced. The food is overall ok, not New York City quality, but better than most all inclusives. If you don't like something just order a new meal. As far as liquor goes they have top shelf liquor just ask if you don't see your brand displayed. We experienced the typical problems getting umbrellas and palapas. I think the resort is aware but time will tell whether they do something about it. There seems to be some palapas under construction behind the resort near the tennis courts. They will hopefully be installed soon. I think the major cause of the lack of umbrellas is the fact everyone goes out early in the morning and puts their belongings on a chair and they never actually lay there! This will only get worse when the resort gets closer to capacity. SPA: Not open but Secrets Maroma will transport you to the beautiful new spa at Secrets Capri. This was opened at the same time as Secrets Maroma and is truly state of the art. I would go as far as saying I wish I lived in this building it's that nice. The massage was top notch and I definitely recommend getting it done here instead of in a spare guest room at the hotel. Mosquitoes: Wear some bugspray on your arms, neck and legs and you really should be ok for the most part. I got maybe two bug bites the entire week. They may have treated but it wasn't done while we were there. Last but not least the check out. We waited and waited for a bellhop despite scheduling it with our concierge. I even followed up with a call to the front desk concierge and gave 10 more minutes.... Well off we went again pulling our own bags around the resort. Halfway to the lobby our concierge intercepted us and held the bags in the preferred club until a bellhop could pick them up. Luckily they were waiting in the lobby for us after we had breakfast. That about sums up our five days at Secrets Maroma. Side notes: We stayed at Secrets Capri last year and didn't have a single issue so if your looking for a flawless vacation I would strongly consider this more established couples only resort. The restaurant's are entirely too small for a resort this size. I suspect reservations are going to be mandatory in the coming months. The "El Patio" Mexican restaurant is not really Mexican so if your interested in authentic Mexican cuisine go to Playa Del Carmen ;) Our transfer showed up on time and brought us safely to the aiport terminal and we made it home in one piece. We met some great people that I would like to say hello to: Rosy - The best concierge at the facility! :) Flor - She is the best poolside waitress tip her well! Rafael - Thanks for upgrading our room! Eloy - Great service at the pool bar Tina and Tony from San Diego: What a fun couple to hang out with all week. We hope to hear from you guys soon ;) The Illinois crew: You guys were all a lot of fun! I hope you made it home safe! And the newly engaged couple from Iowa City..Congratulations on your engagement! Aside from the few issues mentioned we enjoyed our stay and the price was right for this short trip. Keep in mind the resort has only been open five weeks and over time they will surely work through the majority of these issues.