I'd give it two and a half-stars if I could. My daughter and I stayed here for two nights while we did a college tour of the area. The hotel was in a nice location. They're doing renovations outside on the road and the traffic noise at night was loud (going over the metal road coverings). I realize this is not the hotel's fault. Our room was small, but it was clean (so small that you couldn't even open the drawers of the nightstand because they shoved a chair in the corner. Had to practically climb over the chair to get out of bed). Closet was squeaky and was difficult to open. Tiny bathroom. The air intake handler on the wall next to the closet was loud and sounded like it was on full-blast, even when the HVAC was off. Our keys didn't work, so I had to traipse back down to the hotel front desk. Since they had one person at the desk for the HGI and one for the other portion of the hotel (suites), I had to wait 10 minutes just to get a new key. We went out all day and returned at 3:30 on Saturday afternoon to a a completely unmade room. They didn't answer the front desk phone when I called, so back downstairs I went. Waited another 10 minutes to have him tell me that they'd send someone up to clean it then. No remorse at all. No apology. So, after being out all day in the pouring rain, we went out to Whole Foods and by the time we got back, the room was cleaned. Granted, the room was tiny, but housekeeping made the bed, emptied the garbage and threw room freshener (which was still wet ... at least I hope that's what it was) on the bed. No vacuum, etc. The front desk sign boasted about the perfect night sleep bed system, and although we had a king bed, I didn't have one of those. Would have liked to have, since the bed was too firm. Parking was expensive, and breakfast not included and was not, in my opinion, worth the price I paid, especially with a Starbucks next door and a Whole Foods around the corner. Poor choice of TV stations. Free Wifi, though! Overall, our stay wasn't horrendous, but it didn't stand up to par of other HGIs I've stayed at in the past.