I traveled to Rome with my husband and 4 other people. I studied in Rome years ago when I was in college so I know the language, and the area. We booked this hotel because of it's great location and didn't mind that it wasn't too fancy. We arrived close to midnight and the night staff is TERRIBLE!!! The night guy is such a liar! When we arrived they said they didn't have rooms for us in the hotel but that we would be switched to a sister hotel "very close, 5 minutes" We asked if we could walk since we didn't have that much luggage. He laughed and said "No, very close 5 minutes by car" Then he proceeded to lie about the new hotel's location three times and we come to find out it is past Porta Pia and about a 15 minute taxi ride away. We never would have booked this hotel since it's too far from city centre. He then kept trying to make it sound better with lies like, "You'll like this new hotel better, it's newer", "The Trevi Fountain is closed at night anyway you can't go see it now" (IT's an outdoor fountain, it doesn't close!" Finally we agree to go to the new hotel for that night only if we can come back in the morning to stay in the original hotel for the remainder of the stay. He books us a taxi to take us to the new hotel and we had to wait for over an hour for the taxi to come, then when two small taxis came instead of one van taxi to take all six of us, he sent them away because he didn't want to pay for two and told us they weren't our taxis, which was another lie. THen he called another taxi and it took another 45 minutes. When we finally were in the taxi he laughed and said sorry for the inconvenience, yeah right. The next morning we had Thomas Cooke call on our behalf, since we booked through them. Luckily we were "upgraded" and were able to stay at the original hotel for the remainder of the trip. I don't know if we would have been so lucky if Thomas Cooke didn't call for us. Once we were in the right hotel, and no longer had to deal with the night staff, we were very pleased with the hotel. The rooms are nice and clean, the day staff is friendly and helpful and the location is great. Just beware that you may not be getting the hotel you paid for. I definitely wouldn't chance it if you're only staying for one or two nights, it's too much of a hassle to deal with.