This hotel, just like everyone here said, is close to most places/things you would come for in Barcelona. Shops, restaurant or tapas bar, the luxury stores and of course the famous and always filled with tourist and locals alike, the Las Ramblas. Close to transport too, the Passeig de Gracia Metro, the bus stops and also taxi stands. The hotel has no lobby, when you arrived by taxi, if the taxi driver didn't point you where the entrance is, you'll be lost! The entrance (very small and narrow), is between Nike and Ermenegildo Zegna stores and has no sign ligthing. It is across the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. It has a locked sliding door and you would be stumped how you would get in, lucky for us, a couple was coming out. You will then be presented to 2 lifts and would have to read which floor is the reception area. The reception is on the first floor which is just outside the lift, no fancy reception desk just plain reception which also houses the breakfast area on the right. The hotel has 5 floors with 70 rooms of accomodation. It has a rooftop Jacuzzi which can fit 8 to 10 people at the same time and the fitness centre which is also small is beside the Jacuzzi. It has no swimming pool but there is an outdoor sitting area on the first floor on the left of the reception, which if I would design it is make this the reception lobby because nobody sits there anyway. The hotel comes with a free wifi-G and not the N type which is adequate. Our room, no 405, is average in size, Be careful after you enter the room, the floor has a step down and if you were in a tired mood, you'll miss it and hurt yourself. it has the street view. The shower room and toilet are separated with wall and has doors. There is no bath tub that is why I called it shower room. But the sinks, just like the other reviewer said maybe cute but uncomfortable. It has a shelf right above it and since they're so small, you'd be lucky not to hit your head while washing your face and also wet the floor. The toiletries are mninmal, it has soap, bath gel, very small box of tissue, shower cap, no shampoo, no conditioner and no lotion, only came with 1 toothbrush and 1 comb. You also don't get free bottled water. The room has no couch with only 1 chair. The desk don't have drawers, the wardrobe cabinet don't have drawers too, you'll have to make do of putting all your undies and t-shirts together beside the safe inside the cabinet. There are plenty of space to put in drawers inside the wardrobe cabinet but I guess, the designer don't want you to stay more than 1 or 2 days! There are also no hooks to hang your clothes and this hotel is not green because it does not encourage you to recycle your towel for second use because there is nowhere you can hang your used towel to dry. Not a lot of thought for the comfort of the customers was put it here. No idea who this room design is targetted for. The bed is comfortable and one good in the room is that there are plenty of powerpoint outlets. The breakfast is good with not a lot of choices. Salad, fruits, different small muffins, smoked salmon and beef, scrambled eggs, hard boiled eggs but no fried eggs and is almost the same everyday. The staffs are friendly though.