I should preface this review by saying that we had a travel agent who assisted us with our Mexican vacation, who probably should have made different arrangements or suggestions for us, but I would have liked to see a review like this when I was looking into the property, so here it is: This is not a true luxury or gourmet resort. It is an all-inclusive. I think one of the reasons the top resorts in the area have switched back to "european plan" is that is is very difficult to give the kind of quality some travelers expect under the all-inclusive model. Food at the El Dorado Maroma ranged from decent to terrible, but, in general, I'd say it was mediocre. However, if the fact that you can eat as much as you want at anytime of day is a selling point to you, this review is probably not for you. The meal we had at the "specialty" asian restaurant was downright terrible. The "house wines" that are do not cost extra are mexican and near undrinkable. For good food we happily shelled out the $20 each way to go into Playa del Carmen by taxi, where the dining options are excellent. The drinks were fine, but not creative, and I found that you had to be watchful and insistent or else your top shelf margarita would become well liquor after the first or second. The service was good. All of the staff was polite, especially considering some of the drunken behavior I saw. As this was an adults only resort, there were many 45-60 year olds who were enjoying being away from their kids/jobs. By enjoying, I mean drinking free drinks like there was no tomorrow. In defense of the accommodations, we were coming from a large suite at the Fiesta Americana Grand Coral Beach in Cancun, but our room suffered in comparison. Also, our travel agent had booked us in the lowest level room, which was not a great fit. Our room was not very nice, but I can say that I am pretty sure we had the worst room at the resort, so most were probably nicer than ours. Our view was of the wall of the next building and the gift shop; no pool, ocean, or garden. We were on the first floor of a three story building, which was also a major disadvantage. Without the height, you had no view, but the bigger problem was that the footsteps or doors closing in the rooms above you resonated through the whole structure and were loud enough to wake you up, or keep you awake. It literally sounded like there was a herd of elephants above us at times, which was surprising as the buildings are made of concrete. Sound-proofing is a major issue, to say the least. I found the plumbing to be finicky in the shower; getting up to heat and keeping a constant temperature was an issue. One morning, we found that the water to our unit had been turned off for some reason. A phone call rectified the situation, but it was odd. Also, the materials in the room were all faux, which is not that big a deal, it just lead to the general impression of the resort trying to be something it is not. If you have a choice, ask for a room not in the 1100 building, especially not on the first floor. This resort is for people that really want to relax, by which I mean do nothing and not worry anything. If that is your idea of a vacation, you will like this resort. If the quality of the food is important to you, and you have discriminating tastes, and enjoy the process of finding unique restaurants to dine at while on vacation, book someplace else. Similarly, if you like to be active and explore the local culture, this resort is not for you. This experience has showed us that we are not "all-inclusive" people. Had I known what I know now, I would have stayed in Playa del Carmen. I love to plan my vacations carefully and do a ton of research before I go. With the proper research, you can find everything El Dorado Maroma offers, plus a great deal more, by researching Playa. Well, everything but unlimited drinks...