This was our honeymoon and we arrived on October 24, 2011. I would like to preface this by saying, I travel extensively for business, so I have seen just about everything in terms of service-level. From the moment we arrived in the lobby, I could tell something was a little "off". The staff did not even acknowledge us for a good 10 minutes. Finally, someone told us to have a seat, but did not address us again for at least 5-10 more minutes while she typed away on the computer right in front of us. This person finally started to check us in, but didn't know the answers to any questions, including how to upgrade our room! It was quite a long drawn-out process, but after a Manager came to help and finish the transaction and a little over $500 later, we were on our way to our swim-up suite. Bang! Bang! Bang! Have you read other reviews about the constant banging in their rooms? Well, I can confirm that this is not exaggerated. Since we knew that this had happened to others, my husband didn't wait even 5 minutes after we got into our room to call the front desk and tell them we wanted to move and the Manager (I think her name is Adriana) came to show us 2 other rooms that we could choose from and they moved us immediately. I will say, the rooms are breath-taking and the peacefulness of the property overall is something you will have a hard time finding elsewhere. Unfortunately, we also had the power go out for a couple hours on our first night there. It was quite frightening because the room was pitch black and when we tried to call the front desk, it would just ring and ring. What was very interesting was that in the morning, a letter appeared that was worded as if it had been slipped under the door the day before and warned of this possible power outage due to work at a nearby "power plant". Now, we know that this was not placed there the day or night before because we were in and out of our room until later in the evening and also had late-night room service delivered an hour or so before the power went out. Oops! Nice try, though. The staff in the restaurants and at the beach are great! Special shout out to Jonnas for being such a joy. He made a lot of the experience better and even brought us drinks at our swim-up suite a couple times when we were out there. We had him as our server for our first lunch and the only other time he didn't wait on us was our breakfast on the 2 days we were there. So, I cannot say much more about this resort because Hurricane Rina was on it's way by Day two and we were informed by a staff member while we were eating lunch, that they were closing the resort the next day and we would be moving to El Dorado Royale (a MUCH larger resort where we would be safe). By Day 3, we were set to take a taxi to the new resort early in the day, so we could enjoy the sun that was amazingly out and take advantage of the "calm before the storm"...BUT, by the time we got to the lobby to get our taxi, the staff refused to allow us to leave! I was baffled because they were the ones who arranged for us to take the taxi!! It's just another oddity with the front desk staff at this resort. Needless to say, I was not happy, but we finally complied and waited to take the charter bus over to check-in later in the day. El Dorado Royale was a very nice property, but filled with adults that were on vacations with different intentions than what ours were, since we had paid for a very private, relaxing honeymoon without distractions. I think I would go back to an El Dorado resort, but probably Casitas or Seaside, instead of Maroma or Royale. Maroma is an excellent concept, but poorly executed.