First I have to say that we really read a lot of reviews and information before we booked this trip. This was a significant anniversary for us and we were very excited. We arrived at our at the front gates about 7pm on a thursday night. We had a bit of a problem getting through the gate which concerned us. We liked the security, but were a little taken about when we were held up and had to be verified. When we arrived we sat down and there was a lot of whispering etc. Well turns out they did not have our reservation. Yes, we had a confirmation number all through platinum travel with AMEX> The young man explained to us that two hotels had recently split and sometimes reservations were mixed up . I was speechless, which is very unlike me. It took about an hour but they gave us a room, not the one we booked. We were assured by noon the next day we would have our room, swim up. We were told to leave our bags and they would be moved for us to the new room the following day. Well, we went to special Italian dinner night which we had to have a reservation. The food was terrible. Our waiter's English was not great so we left and went to another restaurant. The Mexican food was good and we enjoyed ourselves. Although, in my opinion to consider the food to be gourmet and to have a great wine selection is a far reach. The following day we went and met our concierge Paola. Paola was very nice and apologetic. It was noon and we had heard nothing about our room. We went and got massages. Do not waste the money... in my opinion. Paola was really great and after about 4 we received our room . I truly felt she hustled to help us. I had also asked Paola about the price difference in our rooms and if we could be refunded the difference. She said to talk to the front desk. Well ,no one could make that decision except a manager. Needless to say we never received any compensation. I asked about this about 5 or 6 times and was told they needed to talk to the manager to no avail. Finally the afternoon before we were leaving I asked Paola again and she said the manager told her he would give us a couples massage for compensation. She said he would find us and he had to write it out... That is where that was left and we never heard anything further. Our room was lovely, a bit dirty, but roomy and pretty. Bed was very very comfy. We had the swim out room. Just a lovely set up. The pool was dirty and the water was pretty icky. My husband surmised that the pump was not running properly. Raul was out there everyday skimming it just was not enough. We have a pool in the south and we understand that bugs are bugs but caked on yucky stuff is not the norm. Overall pool experience was okay. In the main pool our bartender was Carlos and he was fantastic. (Makes a mean no sugar margarita ). They say that the room refrigerator is restocked daily, but ours was missed twice. We were always able to go and find our beverages. The food gourmet???? We have traveled a lot, to many different countries and sampled many different cultures. The food was okay. Most of the meals we ate there were good just not what I would consider gourmet. In the buffet restaurant Tania was WONDERFUL... She met us with a smile everyday. Too bad she was off on Wednesday we missed her. The drink selection was good. I would recommend that the higher end brands of liquor be available, especially since it is billed as "gourmet inclusive". We ended up going into Playa Del Carmen for most of our meals which was GREAT!!!!.. Too bad we paid a ton of money for food that we really did not eat. We live and learn. And yes we have been to inclusive places before and had a wonderful time and enjoyed the food immensely. We were really hoping that the "Gourmet" part of the resort would make up for only having a couple of restaurants to choose from. Best thing about this resort was a guy named Louis with the on site travel agency, Lomos Travel. He was spectacular. We went to Playa Del Carmen , he gave us the name of several restaurants, yummy. He helped us with taxi's when we could not find anyone available to help us. We visited Xcaret and loved it. We saw a show CoCo Bongo, Wow.... great. He set us up with the best seats and transportation. He could not have been more helpful and we would recommend Lomos travel to everyone. Above and beyond helpful!! The most attention that we received was about my lost cell phone, which was very odd to me. We came back to the hotel from Playa Del Carmen by taxi, thank goodness I got the guys card. I used my phone in the car, thought that I had it in my purse. Went to Rick's bar danced around, did not use it there. Went back to the room ordered room service and went to bed. The next morning early I realized it was gone. I was walking, in a bit of a panic, to the lobby . The guy in the lobby was on the phone and Louis walked in, he helped us. I gave him the card from the taxi and he called Antonio but he said he had not seen it. Security came and searched to no avail. But oh my goodness we had people after people coming to talk to us all day. It was kind of crazy. I am glad they were so helpful, had they been so attentive to our vacation needs that would have been wonderful!!! Even upon our departure the lady in front came over and gave me an incident report to fill out, 3 days later. She wanted details and very helpful with the specific information I should include. Overall our experience was okay. I can not say that I will never return again , but it is highly unlikely. I would like to recommend to the Hotel back off on the "Membership" push. It was interesting to me that the push was made join the "Club" although we were still not satisfied with our stay. Yep, the person pushing, very nicely, the membership knew all about our I would also like to suggest that staff in the lobby be careful about talking negatively about other guests. You never know who really understands you and who does not. It would also be nice to have an activities person who tries to actively get people involved in what is offered. Maybe, an announcement about events just before they are to occur would be good. The staff can surely round folks up the the Membership promotion, I am sure they can get folks to participate and socialize with one another.. We enjoyed Playa Del Carmen and will return. Thanks again to all those who made our trip enjoyable.