I want to love this resort becuase of the nice people, good food and seriously amazing beach. But, I just dont. The rooms were so covered in the smell of Pine Sol, I was close to nausea everytime I entered the room. After 2 days you can smell the mildew coming thru the pine sol smell! The hot tub drain and handles were dirty and nasty and the bathroom stall was filthy as well. Seems like they updated only half the bathroom becuase the counter/vanity area was nice and the new shower was nice (even though there was removed grafftiti on the wall that was still visable.. yes seriously). The outdoor shower was a nice touch but w. the bird poo and moths - we decided to hold off on using it. The pool was very murky - the ocean water was cleaner. The pool is connected to the pool areas outside the room I had which was also murky and looked just uncleaned. The beds always felt a little moist. The room just wasnt clean enough for me unlike other resorts Ive stayed at. Also, I felt very pressured into a moonlight massage - a candlelight dinner - excursions and buying other things not included in my stay by the concierge (which are much higher priced than other resorts!) but, when I asked the front desk to stay an extra night or two - no one ever got back to me with info. So I decided against it. My husband and I are NY`ers at our core. Everyone we met was from the South (Spec. Texas) and Middle America which is great, I LOVE meeting new people but, we honestly felt like outsiders And, we can get along w. a paper bag! But, because we didnt know what Nascar Driver won the last Indie - we were almost mocked and, left out of the group convos at the pool.. Room service was great - the food & service (they come and set you up in the room), The beach is fantastic, fantastic, fanstastic - ive actually never seen anything like it. Also - Funny but scary story - We went on an excursion and when my in law tried to reach us at the hotel for 7 hours after, they were told we never arrived back - which made them nervous and worried. Even though we were back for hours. Go.. for the beach and food... Skip the overnight stay & the moonlight massage (not worth $300+ and everyone can see you naked!)