My husband and I stayed at the El Dorado Maroma for 11 nights in April 2011. First impressions were good. The resort is small and is set within really lush beautiful vegetation. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. Our accommodation for the first 8 nights was a 1st floor Mi Hotelio room. + Loved the bedroom (4 poster bed and rustic dark furniture) and balcony (quite private, great to relax and listen to the rustling palm leaves). - Strongly disliked the dated greenish tiled bathroom. The outdoor shower built indoors was a waste of space. A shower bath (bath tub with showering facility) would have been more appropriate. - Could not play our DVDs brought over from England. DVD players were not compatible. For the last 2 nights we were moved to room 741 (block 7, 4th floor, room 1) as we were not happy with the value for money for the Mi Hotelio room and a few other things. + The room was beautiful. I expected a room like this from the start to be honest for the amount of money we paid for this holiday. + The view from the balcony was great. However, I agree with one of the other reviewers on tripadvisor - if you pay for this room and look on to the roof of a restaurant (Sabores) air-conditioning units, I would not be most pleased either. The view to the sea (could see the lights of Cozumel Island in the night) and to the vast mangrove forest (between highway & hotel - therefore so remote) was still amazing. + I loved the 'proper' outdoor shower. A real treat! Rooms in general - The finish of the fixture and fittings was poor quality, e.g. rattling patio doors, wonky taps, scruffy tiling, the blue light on the air-conditioning lit up the room so made it difficult to sleep. - Mould on tiles in the Mi Hotelio bathroom (this was cleaned upon request). - Leaky showerhead in the Mi Hotelio bathroom (this was changed upon request). Maroma beach + The beach is breathtaking! Having been to Mauritius and the Seychelles, this beach was equally stunning. Clear turquoise waters and nice to soak in (quite shallow) and relaxing. + Great for walks along the beach! There is nothing else at Maroma beach other than the hotel and the sports centre. What a long sandy stretch of beach! Lovely to walk further than Maroma beach and admire the coastline. + The beach beds were fantastic! Managed to get one every day even though it involved reserving one on the way to breakfast. + The beach butler service was great. Hermelina (sorry the spelling) and colleagues were really keen to ensure no one went thirsty - thank you! Sometimes it did take a little longer to receive the refreshments, but given that nearly every other person ordered cocktails, I found this normal. + By the way the cocktails were delicious - thank you Carlos & team! The restaurants + Breakfast restaurant good. There could have been a bit more choice but given that it was a small hotel, happy with it. + Lunch restaurants (same as breakfast or outside Sabores) had a good choice of food. Tasty food and nice setting. - Dinner: Did NOT LIKE AT ALL - NO CHANCE TO SIT OUTSIDE unless you pay for candlelight dinner on the beach. Actually there was one opportunity during our stay to eat out on the beach. It was all set up really nicely and then it started to rain...Just on that one night! - The Italian restaurant was dark (I am aware of ambience) but I could hardly read the menu and the tacky battery powered tea lights (at dinner in the other places as well) did not impress me at all. - The Japanese restaurant was ok. Food was good. - The Mexican (Sabores) was below average. Food standard is poor. Tiny portions, badly presented. + Room service - best option as you CAN sit outside - on your balcony. There may not be much choice on the menu but you can order food from the other restaurants and the chef will be happy to prepare it for you. Internet - As mentioned in a few other reviews, Internet access is not included. It cost 6 dollars for half an hour to use the Internet. In my opinion, this is not acceptable for an All Inclusive resort. Tour suggestion + I would really recommend visiting the ruins of Chichen Itza, Ek Bhalam, Coba and Tulum. They are stunning! The cenote (sink hole) near Coba is amazing and lovely for swimming. We went with Gudelio Alanis of Mayan's Explorer, a great tour guide. There is a webpage on tripadvisor with reviews on the trips he offers.