My husband and I spent 5 nights at El Dorado Maroma as part of a 10 night vacation in Mexico. The beach was beautiful, the hotel was OK, and our room was depressing. Would I come back? Possibly, but its not very high on my list. Please see specific notes listed below. BEACH: The beach at El Dorado Maroma is exquisite  top notch. I do not believe there are any beaches like this anywhere else in the area. The water is crystal clear and perfectly calm even on the windiest of days (this is extremely rare in Mexico). Small fish are easily visible as you wade in the water, or from shore. There are miles for walking, and within a very short walk (less than a half a mile) is a pier where a company offers a number of different activities (please refer to my activities section for more information). Additionally, there are beach beds spread out throughout the beach as well as a number of palapas. Although we generally went to the beach early (around 08:30AM) we never had a problem getting a bed or palapa dependent upon our choice each day. There are so few guests who stay at the hotel (as there are only 70 rooms) that the beach always seems deserted, which I found lovely and refreshing. POOLS: There are two small pools, with two swim up bars on the premises. Surrounding the pools are palapas and beds. There was very low attendance in the pools during our stay. HOTEL GROUNDS: The hotel grounds are small (very small in fact), but lovely. There are flowers everywhere, and during our stay in late November Christmas decorations in every direction. The lobby is quite small and simple, and features two computers for use at a nominal charge ($6 per half hour). Outside of the lobby is the tour directors office, as well as the concierge. Note: Avoid going to the concierge. It is impossible to ask a simple question without having a half hour discussion on their El Dorado Maroma Club which you have to pay for, by the way. Additionally, there is Ricks bar and a small gym. HOTEL ROOM: We stayed in the Mi Hotelito Room and quite frankly for $400 a night found it quite disappointing. If you cant afford to upgrade do not have high expectations regarding your hotel room. It is old, there are cracks in the floor, the stairs going to the room have been warped from the constant humidity (elderly people would likely need to be on the ground floor for safety purposes), and worst of all the air conditioning vent is directly over the bed. As a result my husband and I coughed so much from the constant cold air on us that we had to turn off the air conditioner and sweat throughout the nights. Not a fun experience. The room was disappointing enough that I would not return here unless we could afford an upgrade. The room is in no way indicative of the amount of money you are spending each night. DINING: Breakfast: We had breakfast each morning in our room ordering off of the room service menu. There are five selections on the menu consisting of pancakes, French toast, omelets, etc. The food was great, but if you leave it on the deck the birds will attack and make a pretty big mess. Also, a bit more variety on the menu would have been nice. Lunch: Each day there are two options for lunch. One is the grill which has outdoor seating overlooking the beach and daily specials. You are limited to the special of the day, and a selection of chips and dips. Selections while we were there included tacos, bbq day, fresh fish, etc. The other option is a Mexican restaurant which has both indoor and outdoor seating and a larger menu with a number of appetizers, entres and desserts (try the fajitas and ceviche). It was a nice, but again, one would likely be bored on a long stay (we were at the hotel for five days and were bored of the food). Dinner: There are three dinner options as outlined below. Japanese  if you live in a city and eat sushi regularly I would not suggest eating sushi here. The atmosphere however is nice, and they did have nice sake Italian  the food was nice (although not authentic), and the atmosphere as well was nice Mexican  this is the same restaurant as is included during lunch however the menu is spruced up a bit at night. Additionally, once a week mariachis perform. There is also the opportunity to dine on the beach for between $200-$250, which we did not do as we noticed that if it was windy outside everyone gets lumped together where they give the sky massages, which in my opinion would greatly take away from the experience. BARS: There are two bars at this hotel, and these are the two swim up bars. If you are not in the pool and would like a drink you must hover over the pool to get one, or have someone get one for you. It would have been nice to have at least one bar not connected to a pool. SERVICE: Service was mostly good, but had a few glitches. We were greeted outside by Enrique (who is great for the record) and he offered my husband tequila as he does not drink champagne. Enrique gave us a tour of the grounds as well as helped us with our luggage on our way in as well as our way out. IMHO he provided the best service of the trip. Service on the beach was great some days, although we tipped for each drink. The last two days of our trip service on the beach was HORRIBLE (so much so that I complained to three people). Come to find out the person next to me who was receiving all the service was tipping in $5 instead of the $1 I was providing. While I cant blame the people working for wanting to make more money, as a guest of the hotel I should not have experienced this, especially as no tips should be expected. Finally, one of the bartenders was pretty rude overall (so much so that I avoided going to the bar he was working at). The waiters were all great, as was the reception. OTHER: Theres no ATM at the hotel. The closest ATM is 15 minutes away. We split our stay between Excellence Playa Mujeres and El Dorado Maroma. While the hotel itself at Excellence (room, restaurants, entertainment, etc) absolutely killed El Dorado Maroma, El Dorado Maroma killed Excellence in terms of the beach. Had these two hotels been combined I doubt Id ever search anywhere again. Activities  do the ocean explorer tour at the Marina next door! You ride a jet ski to snorkeling areas and never have to get on a boat. Loads of fun!