Im sitting in this hotel room, fuming...Why you ask....simply because what used to be a decent Hotel Chain has now become a real greedy Hotel Chain. So Im paying 225 or something like that a night....asked for a King 2 months ago...I walk in and say hey...Im Hilton Honors....can I get an upgrade..SURE!!! how about 2 doubles..on the 30th floor with a view of the the Noisy port that opens @ 5am! gee thx... I pop open the laptop....low and behold...The Hilton Chain now offers 2 types of internet...Normal Broadband and a "MUCH FASTER" HIGH SPEED Broadband... So I take a look and see that if I want to use my VPN and connect to my office...I MUST use the high speed @ 20.00 per day!!! WHAT A RIP OFF! even in Vegas it's not that expensive. So I choose the fast speed internet only to find out that the speed is below that of Normal high speed internet....was @ 36MPBS...normal is 54MPBS.. When I wake up this morning. (to the very loud sound of containers being dropped onto the huge ship right under my window...(and im 30 floors up).the internet was down to 32MPBS... The noise was unbearable so i had to go downstairs and work... The hotel is nice and clean...the buffet was decent @ 21.95 and the staff at the cafe were very pleasant... The convention center is a 5 minute walk...and it's nice to walk it along the boardwalk.. the pool is nothing extravagant and I dont know how people can stand the noise from the cargo ships being loaded...but to each their own. When I headed back up to my room....I notice I am no longer connected to the internet...so I had to reconnect...I took the slower internet by mistake...@ 14.00...and what a mistake that was......it could be compared to dial up. I got refunded for the internet...but I needed to vent to the manager for the money grab....I call the guy up...I get the manager of the arrivals dept...who says to me..."well if everyone uses it..then it will be slow"....so why offer it...why try and squeeze people out of hard earned money....why not offer one service normal high speed that is offered in Marriot, Sheraton etc etc.... Sad to see the Hilton is really trying to pick and pull every dime from your wallet... If you stay here...make sure that you understand where you're room is...make sure that if you get an "upgrade" they don't take away your King....or Double Bed...on account of you asking for the upgrade.... The Marriot and Sheraton...are all next to the Convention center...so..you have a choice... One more thing....the gym is Decent...most of the stuff if not all is precor...but get there early on weekdays...it fills up quick and if your into weights...it get's a bit dicey with all the people in one small area....