Stayed at the Hilton San Diego Bayfront with a group of 11 for the Padres/Phllies game. I am just going to move straight into the pros/cons for this hotel: Pros: Location for a Ballgame: It is a great location for attending a Padres game. This will increase once the pedestrian bridge is complete. Dcor/Style: Personally, I loved the look of the place. The outside is very cool, the dcor and style of the lobby and sitting areas works really well situated on the water. The entrance as you drive up the car ramp to the valet is something that you would expect in other large cities, not San Diego, very cool. Same goes for the in room dcor, it works. Room Service: Very quick service, good food. Drink Prices: Drinks at both Vela and Odysea were competitive with or less than most places in the Gaslamp. Price: We all got a very good room rate right from the hotel website that was well below what the other hotels in the area were asking. Cons: Noise: The doors in this hotel might be the loudest that I have heard when they are shut. They seem to be super heavy which probably does not help the situation. Tub: The tub would not drain properly so showers were taken with 4 inches of water around the ankles. Check In: We were told our room was not ready yet the other people in our group all got their rooms. Thought that maybe it was b/c we asked for a King Room. When finally got our room after the game it was a double queen room, same as the others in our group. Was not very happy about that. Room Size: The standard two queens room is on the smaller side of rooms that I have stayed at in the gaslamp. Also, no fridge in the room. Location for Dinner: Not sure if I would stay at the Hilton if I was not attending a Padres game or an event at the Convention Center. It is a bit of a walk to get into the heart of the Gaslamp if you do not want to get a taxi. I would stay at the Hilton again if I was going to be attending a Padres game. The Pros do outweigh the Cons of this good hotel in the gaslamp.