We visited the Hyatt Regency Maui over Christmas 2011. Our "Oceanfront King" rooms had a great view of Lanai Island and the beautiful grounds below. The atrium lobby is gorgeous, with exotic birds as well as attractive plants. The staff was generally very helpful and friendly, and especially the valet parking staff. Every time we called for the car before we left our rooms, it was waiting when we arrived at the front door. The valet staff helped mom in & out of the car and offered directions etc. The rooms were comfortable, and nicely decorated. The layout is a bit dated, with very small bathrooms but with a large dressing area and a walk-in closet. But all is not well, as there were some things that just weren't right. For example, the pass-through door to the adjacent room had obviously been forced and badly damaged sometime in the past, but the repair was amateurish; some galvanized plates from the home store installed with ill-fitting drywall screws -- like you might see at a Motel Six. By the looks of it that repair was NOT new, and why Hyatt can't do a professional repair is beyond me. We paid the full $550/night rack rate too. Other issues... throughout the hotel mahogany was used for doors and other trim; it is VERY attractive but much of it is badly weathered and needs to be renewed and varnished as it detracts from the otherwise very nicely appointed facility. Lighting is poor throughout the atrium and in the hallways of the main building, especially around the elevators. I understand wanting to be "green" and save energy, and I understand muted lighting to maintain the ambience. But I found it uncomfortably dark and mom (age 87) had difficulty walking through many areas. Another area that is poorly lit is the valet-parking drop-off area at the hotel main enterance. We arrived after dark, and this area was quite chaotic with cars and people coming and going in sometimes unpredictable ways. The staff here is excellent but they really need better lighting in this area after dark. And if it rains, you'll get soaked since there is no covered area at all. The signs along the approach road are attractive monument-style signs, with a floral pattern and interally illuminated. The hotel names are hard to read at night, though, since the black letters making up the hotel names are pretty small and not easy to read as you drive by. So double-check the directions before you get there if you are arriving after dark. If you have trouble with stairs, this is may not be a good resort for you. Getting to the mid-range restaurant "Umalu" is not possible without going up/down about 20 stairs, which was a problem for my mom. We asked staff twice about getting down there without stairs, but were told it wasn't possible. Similarly walking through the gardens there are several areas where stairs are not avoidable. So if any of your party have some difficulties with stairs, you may want to look elsewhere. We ate at the Swan Court buffet for breakfast every morning, and it was pretty good. The open-air setting is gorgeous, and the swans etc floating nearby made it very enjoyable. Unfortunately, there were dozens of very aggressive smaller birds (sparrows?) that were bothersome. I made the mistake of going back into the buffet area to get a glass of juice and by the time I got back (90 seconds?) the birds were swarmed all over my plate of food. So if you leave your food unattended, cover it with your napkin. Once we figured that out we had no more problems. Son'z at Swan Court is the dinner restaurant at the same location; we ate there once and the food was very good. Umalu is more informal, with burgers/tacos etc. The fish tacos I had were really very, very good; some of the best restaurant-bought fish tacos I've had. The seared-ahi salad was OK but not great The in-room WiFi was reasonably fast and easy to access. No additional cost for us. One thing that was a bit lacking was places to sit and read or enjoy the view that are out of the sun. There are lots of spots near the pool or beach to get some sun, but for those of us that would prefer to sit in the shade there weren't many options. But on a more positive note, the view from our room was gorgeous.... a full view of Lanai and down the coast to Lahaina. There was a nice table outside on the covered patio that made it easy to sit and enjoy the view. The housekeeping staff was efficient and friendly too. So there you have it; great view rooms at a very attractive resort with a helpful staff. A little bit of varnish on the woodwork and some attention to lighting in some areas would help.