The Hyatt on Maui was the third resort we stayed at on our recent trip to Hawaii. Read my reviews of the Halekulani on Oahu (an awesome 5 resort) and the Fairmont Orchid (great grounds and hotel but lacking on service) on the bid island to compare and contrast. The Hyatt is located at the start (or end depending on your perspective) of Kaanapali Beach). It's a big resort with lots of rooms and since we were there over the December holidays it was very busy. The grounds were nice and they had some unusual features. They had penguins (yes penguins) at the resort as well as gardens with other wildlife (birds) to view, a nice touch. The pool was large and had two wateralls, a large slide and a bar under the waterfall. The pool wasn't heated though so it was cool getting into to it. The beach area is very nice and you can see some of the other islands from the beach front. There is a great walk along the beach that goes past the other resorts, some shops at whalers village and all the way to black rock for snorkeling. They have free self parking but the lot by the hotel is small so plan to walk or use the valet service ($18 a day). The room was comfortable but the hotel needs a renovation. The doors way are dinged up pretty bad from years of moving luggage in and out and the dcor looks a bit dated. Also, the hallway in our area smelled smokey (not sure but some of the rooms may have been smoking rooms). Also, the first day we were there it was windy and the resort lost power three times for a few minutes until the generators kicked in. We were at the restaurant by the pool when it happened the first time and were told we got the last hot plate of food for a while. In terms of service, it was OK. You need to have your expectations set first. Here are some examples. When you check in you get towel cards that you trade in for towels at the pool. One towel per person. Not the best if you want to lay on a towel and dry off with another. Plus they tell you if you lose the pool card they charge you $25. We didn't lose it so I am not sure if they enforce this or not. You get your towel card back when you turn the towel in for the day. Pool chairs were a real problem. They didn't have enough. I guess someone didn't do the math. People come out early and drop towels on chairs to stake their claim making the best chairs go quickly. They patrol the chairs and if your towels are left unoccupied for more than an hour they can be taken (they leave a tag on the chair indicating they have been by). The restaurants seem fine except for the small breakfast and coffee stand near the lobby. The two folks working there did not seem to be having a good time and it showed. The lines were long and they were trying to push you through. They ran out of food both times we stopped there so choices were very limited. Yes I know it is peak season but plan for it. It comes the same time every year. Bottomline is overall I would rate this resort around 3.5 to 4 stars. It felt like being at busy resort in Florida but with the awesome Hawaii views and weather. They have the facilities to do better but the rooms need an update and could make better use of the grounds they have available to spread things out (they have a large open area next to the North tower that could be better utilized for the guests).