My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 6 nights in late October. We booked the trip through a travel service back in April after extensive research (including reading several positive reviews on TA). I had been following the reviews indicating that tarps were up and construction forthcoming. Then, three days before we left, my travel agent emailed me warning of construction starting right before we arrive. Looking at some of the negative reviews on TA since the construction started, we decided to cut our stay at the Hyatt short and move to South Maui for the second half of our trip. We had enough activities planned to keep up away from the hotel in the beginning. We were trying to keep an open mind but I am definitely glad we made this decision. Let me start by saying that the grounds at the Hyatt are beautiful. They are lush and tropical with flowers and birds of all sorts and waterfalls. From what I could see of the tarp-covered lobby, it looked like it was beautiful as well with a fish pond and dark wood and apparently penguins that were on temporary vacay due to the construction. There also are a ton of shops at the Hyatt for browsing or picking up gifts. During our stay we walked around to the other hotels on the strip and felt the Hyatt definitely was the most beautiful. Unlike several others we encountered, we were aware of the construction when we arrived. Many others arrived and had no idea and didn't learn until check in, which I think is unacceptable. We also were pleasantly surprised at check in when we were offered a room upgrade to the Regency floor in the Atrium tour and a credit for the inconvenience of the construction without even asking. I thought this was a nice touch and they seemed very accomodating about it. The woman who checked us in did say that she had "no idea" how loud the construction is because she apparently isn't there during the day (we checked in at night), which seemed a bit disingenuous. We thought this was a good start to the trip but then the next morning while we were trying to relax at the pool, the construction started. It was constant jackhammering and drilling and really killed the ambiance at the pool. You also have to walk right past it from the lobby and down some make-shift stairs before you get to the pool. I know they were trying to address it by having live music but it really didn't help. I could even hear it through my ipod at full blast, and I didn't really want to block out the sound of the rolling ocean with blasting music. It was really quite unfortunate as the pool set up with the pool side restaurant Umalu is quite nice. You could relax by the pool and order food and drinks. The construction also could clearly be heard in our room on the top floor of the Atrium tour. I would strongly recommend people looking into this hotel before the construction is complete to seriously reconsider if peace and quiet near the pool is something you are hoping for. And, definitely request one of the other towers. To address some of the other comments I have seen consistently on the board: The rooms are defintely nothing to write home about and the tray on the counter over the mini fridge is outright ridiculous. It is way bigger than it needs to be and takes up any usable space. I triggered a charge just trying to move it over to make room for some snacks we brought. One positive is that they give you an empty fridge to store your own goodies. The bathroom was small but no smaller than our S. Maui hotel so maybe this is the norm. There was a huge closet and lots of drawer space. I am used to a low bed but I can see how this could be a bit uncomfortable for some. We had a similar type of bed in S. Maui too so again maybe this is some Hawaii norm. The lanai is a tad small, not enough room to really move around but given the construction noise, we didn't use it at all. Our room was deluxe ocean view and the only view of the ocean was from craning our head around from our lanai. If you want to see the ocean from your room you need to book ocean front. Self parking is a hassle. The spots are so ridiculously small that we gave up after a few nights because the stress of getting in and out of the spots (in our compact convertible) wasn't worth it. Also, with the luau going on, if you don't look for a spot before 4 p.m. or after 9 p.m. you are unlikely to find anything. When we moved to S. Maui the hotels had much larger parking spots and one reserved for people that they could access with their room key, keeping it for guests only. Swan Court. We liked the breakfast at the Swan court. It was plentifull but did get a bit boring after 6 mornings. We always arrived before 7:30 a.m. and didn't have to wait for a table. We would see lines, sometimes really long, as we were leaving. Definitely look for a package with breakfast included or go somewhere else. I wouldn't pay $30/person for the buffet. The service is good if not a little rushed. The view is quite pretty. We ate at Umalu one night and Japengo another. Both were good with good service. The guys at the bar at Umalu are super friendly. The few days we went to the pool, we didn't encounter a problem getting pool chairs. We went after breakfast and there we chairs. This could be due to the fact that sitting at the pool was quite unpleasant due to the construction and perhaps people were spending their days elsewhere. I can say that Sunday, when the Hyatt indicated there would not be any construction, the pool was crowded but we still found spots. If you wait until the afternoon, it was a little more difficult. A few comments about the pool -- the chairs are super close to one another. It is hard to walk around them and you are practically on top of others. We noticed this was the case at most hotels but the Hyatt layout made it look more difficult to move around. Also, there are very few umbrellas so there is very little shade. Definitely bring a sun hat because we did notice that the chairs under umbrellas were the ones taken first. Lastly, a lot of the chairs face onto the beach walk. I find this unpleasant as the beach walk is quite narrow and crowded. Your view of the ocean is blocked by the for-rent cabanas along the "beach" and people are constantly walking past you. In this regard, the Hyatt seemed to have the least amount of property to set up chairs as the other hotels along the strip. Also, as others mentioned, there is no real beach at the Hyatt. There is a very small one near the spa or you otherwise have to walk down to the Westin/Sheraton. At the end of the day, if you are considering staying in Kaanapali, the Hyatt could be a great hotel if you keep in mind some of the annoyances (small spots, lines later at breakfast and little shade). But definitely keep in mind the construction when making your determination; it really detracts from the overall experience.