My wife and I recently booked a trip through Costco and the package included breakfast, Spa Access and a $25 per day credit to be used to offset the Resort Charge which includes Internet access. I am just going to list the pros and cons as we saw them. Pros - Service was excellent. All of the personnel in the hotel were extremely helpful and courteous. This would include the front desk, the Spa, restaurants, and housekeeping. - Property was well taken care of - They were able to accomodate an early check in and late check out (12:30 PM) - Umalu Restaurant was ok - Breakfast at the buffet at the Swan Court was good with eggs cooked to order - The room itself (partial ocean view) was fine and more than met our needs and expectations - Our flight left at 8:50 PM and having the Spa Access allowed us to enjoy another full day in Maui. The Spa has excellent facilites and all of the amenities one could ask for including razors and shaving cream Cons - Beach is almost non existent ( this is supposed to be a beachfront resort hotel). We found a fantastic beach called Polo Beach located behind the Fairmont in Wailea and the one behind the Sheraton in Kaanapali is great as well - Our partial ocean view room overlooked a cemetery - SInce the beach really couldn't be used, most people took advantage of the two nice pools available. The problem is that people lay their towels over the lounge chairs early in the morning to claim them and you had a difficult time in finding some, expecially those placed under the umbrellas - The wait time for the breakfast at the Swan Court was about 20 minutes. There is another one at the Umalu restaurant which we were told had the same food without the eggs cooked to order - Their location with respect to the good beaches and Whaler's Village (Shopping Center with several restaurants) was further away from the other resorts on Kaanapali beach. All in all, we had an excellent time (who can't in paradise???) and we made do with some of the resort's shortcomings. Next time however, we will be staying at a different property.