This place came highly recommended from various friends; therefore, I hoped it would be worth the price for our once-a-year family vacation. Like everything on Maui, it is pricey, and this is one of the most expensive. Pros: Elevators are fast. I don't think I waited more than ten seconds for one the entire week. The housekeepers and most other staff are very friendly as you would expect. The pool is great for the kids. Mine is an eight-year-old. Self-parking is free and convenient. Cons: Beginning with check-in, they didn't have the room I had booked months ahead of time available. The clerk kept disappearing behind a door for several minutes at a time to "check availability". Next, they disclose a $25/day "resort fee" that was never mentioned. It was also not disclosed that the hotel was undergoing major renovations. Large areas of scaffolding covered by canvas blocked the ocean view from much of the main building. When I went down to the desk the next day to request the room I booked, the disappearing act began again. I'm not exaggerating when I say the clerk disappeared twice for ten minutes only to return saying the room wouldn't be ready until the afternoon. I have a feeling this works with many guests who would just give up and walk away. Back to the resort fee. It is supposed to cover things such as in-room coffee, etc. The coffee is a tiny coffee maker with the cheapest grade of coffee packets they could possibly find. Like you'd expect at a one star motel. If you're not a fan of Starbucks, like me, you are in trouble here. That's ALL they serve in the entire resort other than the stuff in your room. The "game arcade that my son couldn't wait to see; not a single game working. I had to be refunded the several dollars I had dropped in the various games only to be told nothing is working??? Even my eight year old recognized that as pretty lame. On two or three occasions, my room key failed to work and I had to wait for security to bring another one. These guys apparently felt it was my fault since they never apologized for the inconvenience. They only seemed really annoyed, ask for my ID and handed me a new card. These are just a few things off the top of my head. I don't normally write these reviews but I really felt this was worth taking the time. The overall experience was not what I've come to expect from a place so highly recommended and expensive. LOTS of other choices in West Maui for the money. I'll go elsewhere next time.