My husband and I stayed in this hotel in April 2011 for past of our honeymoon. I will start with the positives first: 1. The staff at this hotel were fantastic - extremely friendly and helpful - especially Jeff on the front desk who was very welcoming and professional. 2. The grounds of this hotel are beautiful - the gardens, waterfalls and wildlife were beautifully maintained and was by far the most attractive hotel on that strip of the island. The location of the hotel was also very good - only a short walk away from other hotel restaurants and the local shopping complex. 3. We booked an Ocean Front room with a balcony and the view was impressive - of both the beach/sea and the hotel gardens! 4. The facilities in the room were very good. The High Speed Internet was reliable, and there was a fridge that you could use for storing your own food/beverages, and a facility to boil water for tea/coffee. 5. We hired our own car and the hotel provided FREE car parking which was fantastic. All other hotels I have stayed at always charge for parking. 6. Finally the Buffet Breakfast was excellent - well worth including this in your room rate as it can set you back $30-40 a day otherwise. The dinner at Swan Court was also delicious - thumbs up for the food. The negatives for the hotel are as follows: 1. The bathroom in our room was very outdated and not at a 5* standard - considering we paid for a Deluxe Ocean Front Room, at a much higher rate than their standard room. The bath/shower was not clean and was showing its age. The bathroom was also too small and cramped and could only have one person in it at a time. 2. The recreational space for the guests around the pool is limited (considering the number of rooms that this hotel has). The pool was always very noisy and you could not enjoy a couple of quiet hours sitting by the pool. Not good for people seeking R&R. 3. The beach front sun loungers can only be used after you pay a rental fee. For a 5* hotel with expensive room rates, it would be nice if the price for these lonugers were included. 4. There are a number of resort taxes that you need to be aware of, and we only found these out during check in/out. Overall this hotel was good and met most of our needs, but not for you if you're looking for 5* perfection and a little R&R.