In 1980, when I was 12, I visited the Hyatt for one day and never forgot it! The pools, the water slide, the grotto...it was a kid's dream-come-true! One day last June I was surfing around Costco's Travel site, and found a killer deal for the Hyatt on Maui. Without hesitation I purchased 12 nights for my family (son age 9 and daughter age 6). Perhaps I should have done more research because upon arrival we were greeted by the lovely sound of jackhammers and nail guns! The slide was closed, the pool was filthy (broken pump), and the ocean front room I splurged for overlooked the massive construction project! I have to admit that all the construction really did ruin our stay at this marvelous hotel. And the worst part was that the staff (well, some of the staff) were very rude and defensive about it all. When getting towels one day, I asked if anyone knew when the water slide would be fixed, and one of the men behind the counter very rudely said, "we're on a volcano in the middle of the ocean--things don't happen quickly here lady!" Another time I was ready to move hotels because I couldn't take anymore jackhammers, and the woman at the front desk assured me that the construction would stop for the weekend. Her exact words were, "Hang in there one more day!" When one pays a fortune to stay at a nice resort, one should not have to "hang in there!" As it turned out, the construction continued right through the weekend and we even had the added bonus of a pressure washer! Just writing this review is making me angry again! Phew...now that I'm all upset, let me talk about the bright spots: 1. The rooms are gorgeous! We had a Deluxe Ocean Front with 2 beds, and it was perfect for our family of 4. Not crowded at all. LOVED the decor. The rooms were far better than I expected. 2. The Swan Court breakfast is amazing!! It was included in our package (thank goodness--it would have cost our family about $100 a day otherwise!). The kids were in awe and couldn't wait to get up and eat breakfast. Many people complained about the birds in their reviews, but they didn't bother us at all. Provided entertainment for the kids. 3. The parrots, fish ponds, and penguins were adored by the kids. The Hyatt does a great job of letting people feed and play with the animals. We thoroughly enjoyed them. 4. The location is wonderful. Kaanapali Beach is definitely the place to stay with kids. Yes, the Hyatt beach has eroded and it's smaller than the other hotels, but we still had a great time making sand castles and playing there. It never bothered us one little bit. 5. The food was fantastic at all of the restaurants. Umalu makes the best ahi salad and sushi rolls. And anything with the pulled pork was to die for! 6. I think we would have loved the Hyatt if there had not been construction going on. Sure, some of the staff is a little "snooty," but most of them are very friendly and make up for the others. We're actually excited to return next year and see how it is without the chaos and noise. We got a tip that in June Costco usually runs a Kaanapali special, so we're keeping our fingers crossed that it's for the Hyatt. But it will probably be for another resort that will be in the middle of a renovation--hence the great deal!