I have stayed at Hyatt's from Los Angeles, New York to Singapore and experienced the most "so-so" stay at the Hyatt Regency Maui. We reserved an ocean view at a premium and did not get the Regency Club floors. Why? We were never informed as to the reason(s). Information and security is questionable at this Hyatt. Our initial "ocean view" consisted of a partial view, two large palm trees with ocean view between the fronds when the wind blows. I got down to the front desk to get another room and the room had this overly loud musician attempting to sing "Brown eyed girl" blazing, the second choice was better. Somewhere between the first room and the second choice while moving rooms, I left my stainless steel diver's watch. I called Security, who promised to call and leave a message with status. No Security called or did they just keep it? All I can tell you is that it was hectic and disorganized place. I was more of a bother to them. The presentation of the hotel is typical Hyatt but aged. The economy must have really hurt the hotel because they are not keeping up with the cleanliness of the elevators or the brass. The front lobby entry sofas are sagging and not pristine. The "Alohas and Mahalos that I keep hearing from staff are all hollow or said with a plastic smile. The rooms are smaller and the shower smelled of mildew. I complained but nothing was done to remedy the situation. The Regency Club meal deal was never presented to me as an option and when I inquired, I was not qualified because I was on vacation and not on business....rather than make a disappointing situation worse, I elected to be a "local" and just sleep at the Hyatt instead of "resorting" there. My gain, their loss. In the 7 days, the room was cleaned 4 times. My wife had to call the front desk for towels which came a few hours later at least a couple of times. So I am not impressed with this abnormal service by Hyatt which typically is first class. So, I took care of the ocean view, dealt with the loss of my wrist watch, sucked it up on the lack of security or room service. Now let's consider the rest and leisure situation. Remember that loud singer that drones out attempted songs loudly so you can't sleep? The volume is way too loud. The volume of bad singing drowns out the ocean and perhaps the party types that aren't feeling any pain can handle the screeching. The Luau at the Hyatt is So So. You would need to power down a half dozen free Mai tai-s or Sunburns to make the show better. The astronomy roof top experience? Let's face it. It's just trying to be something its not. My wife and I walked to other hotels in the area and found them to be dated both in appearance and the people. The cost of the room was nearly $700 per night for seven nights after all the additional Gold Platinum Member privileges. What people do not realize is that the fees are tacked on that may over a hundred dollars more a night. You pay $25 for Internet per day which is also tied to other privileges that one would never use or should be paying for. Let's talk parking. It's $15 a day once you keep you vehicle overnight the first night until you depart. The best thing to do is to valet the car to unload and before 10PM move the car to the parking lot next driveway to the left on the public beach access parking lot with the Hyatt tag on your rear view mirror. If you tear it off, you get Tsunami Towed.