We stayed here on our honeymoon which probably wasn't the best idea--it seems to be geared toward families with children. The pool is awesome (for kids; packed and noisy for honeymooning adults), the rooms are comfortable and well-appurtenanced, and the hotel and grounds are beautiful, but it is just plain EXPENSIVE. Now, I have paid more per night to stay at a hotel, but in those places (and at some cheaper places as well) I have received complimentary beverages in my room, complimentary breakfast, sometimes bed service, always comfortable seating by the pool, etc., in other words, things that made me feel as though I was being shown hospitality. EVERYTHING at the Hyatt is extra, and the restaurants are also mind-bogglingly expensive and the pool too small and crowded for my taste, which just left me feeling like I was being ripped off the whole time. Even the "partial ocean view" room that of course, we paid extra for, was a ripoff--the balcony faced the parking lot, and we had to crane our necks around the side of the building to see the ocean. The room was also right next to the elevator, which was irritating, yet we still paid extra. As soon as I saw the special room I felt strongly that the hotel was doing everything in its power to NOT give us any value for our money, and this feeling was only solidified over the rest of our stay. Here are some more examples: The hotel sells and serves Starbucks coffee, which at first I was excited about, but it's watered down. This made me so angry. And of course, it's more than $4 for a large. The breakfast buffet at the Swan Court restaurant is $30 a person and has the exact same food as the breakfast buffet at Umalu, which was only (!) $18 a person, I guess because you have to eat outside? Who knows. Our travel agent told us she got us complimentary breakfasts, but I'm wondering if everyone just gets them and Hyatt acts like it costs money so that you feel like you're getting something free, when nearly every hotel in America at least gives you coffee free anyway. We had to sign a receipt for $34 for our croissants, pineapple slices and coffee every morning, I guess so that we'd constantly be reminded of Hyatt's generosity. That seemed to be their style--calling things "free" that you more or less paid for anyway. There is also an extra tax added to items charged to your room, which means the hotel makes a killing having waiters and waitresses in the pool area, where guests aren't going to opt to bring cash. At $6 a beer and tip, how am I not already giving Hyatt enough money? Isn't it EASIER for them to charge it to my room? We were comped a bottle of champagne as part of a honeymoon package. At the second hotel we stayed at on this trip, we got the same deal BUT the staff brought the free bottle directly to our room as soon as we checked in. At the Hyatt Regency Maui, you have to go eat at one of their two incredibly expensive on-site restaurants and order the bottle with your meal in order to receive it. Of course, the snacks in the room aren't comped and they are even placed on a weight-sensor JUST IN CASE you are criminal enough to eat the arbitrarily-priced $3 Starburst and try to replace it with a 68-cent package from a grocery store. Granted, a lot of hotels do this, but to me that's no excuse, especially at a resort--I still think it's incredibly tacky and personally insulting. Add the "cost" of snacks to my room, or don't put them there. Basically, you pay $300+ a night plus an exorbitant resort fee just to sleep and shower in this place. The resort fee is another thing: they say that it "allows you to use the facilities" such as the gym and pool, but one is not able to opt out of facility use in order to avoid paying the fee, so basically it's a tax. While resort fees are not unique to the Hyatt, Hyatt has come up with a way to give them a uniquely rip-offy slant: they claimed to be giving us a discount on the fee, charging us $15 a day instead of $50, which we thought was great until we moved to our next hotel, where the resort fee was only $5 a day, and without any "discounts" to speak of. So basically the Hyatt treats the resort fee as a means of misleading people about their rates in an effort to compete with other hotels. Maybe the hotel could save money if every time the cleaning staff serviced our room, they did not throw out all of the toiletries and replace them entirely, or they could get rid of the flamingoes and penguins they keep on the grounds, which didn't titillate me, but really just made me sad. I do want to say that the staff was AWESOME. Super nice, friendly, and fun waitstaff etc. It's just the hotel's policies I do not like, however my husband travels a lot and he wasn't all that surprised by them. The thing is we DID stay at a hotel after this that didn't make me feel this way, that's why I wrote this review.