For the price of staying here and the hype I got about this place prior to arriving, I would say that I was totally underwhelmed by my experience honeymooning here. I will start out by positively noting that the staff was excellent and very friendly during our stay and that the grounds were well kept and quite beautiful; the various exotic birds all over the property was also a nice touch. The room and most of the hotel was clean and quite comfortable. Now, if you have kids and you have money to spend, then by all means stay here. But if you're a couple that wants romance, class, and elegance, I would say go elsewhere. There were kids running, yelling, jumping, you name it, EVERYWHERE. The pool area was a cavalcade of kids doing cannanballs and screaming at the top of their lungs. Now don't get me wrong, I love kids and I respect the right of them and their families to let loose on a great vacation, but I just don't think it jives well when others are looking for calm relaxation and beauty. In other words, the Hyatt is trying too hard to cater across too many demographics and it's just not working (at least in my opinion). This all being said, I think most Maui resorts cater mostly to families, which is something I realize more now, thus couples might have to dig deep to find that special romantic place. Beyond the description above, I was completely taken aback by the constant noise of construction (jackhammers mostly) next to the pool area where they are putting in a new restaurant. I was displeased with the fact that there was no mention of this on the website or by anyone at the hotel prior to or during our booking process. I think a courteous mention of this would have been in order so we could have decided ahead of time if we wanted to deal with it or not. And although this would probably be too much to ask, a room rate adjustment for the trouble would have been nice too. I was displeased with the dining and retail selections. There were really only two very expensive places (non snack bar type places) to eat. With all of the space they have it would have been nice to have had at least one moderately priced place to eat; a seemingly natural thing to have considering all the families that stay here. There were also so many retail spaces that were not occupied by any stores. We're paying all this money to stay at a resort with stores and restaurants, and places that have everything at your fingertips - but alas, there was a very subpar offering of shops. I've heard so much about the renovation that's been undertaken at this hotel. I'd like to know what they've done because the place seems very dated to me. I felt like it was 1997 in there with all of the wood panelling and old looking decor. Our room was comfortable and clean, but again, it just seemed dated in terms of look and style. The bathroom in our room was extremely small, although there was a separate sink area adjacent to the bathroom which lent more space. I didn't like the "nickle and dime" feeling I got from the place either. I appreciate the Hyatt is trying to run a sound and profitable business, but I found the following issues quite annoying: -We got a voucher for a free bottle of champagne (demi bottle) for use at any one of their EXPENSIVE restaurants in honor of our honeymoon. Very nice gesture, and yes, we were going to dine at Son'z anyway because we had heard good things about it. But are you really going to force us to claim our free bottle by having to frequent one of your restaurants and spend a fortune on dinner in the process? The class thing to do would have been to have had a bottle in our room when we arrived - no strings attached - as other resorts/hotels do. -Second, while dining at Son'z (which was quite good by the way) there was an in-house photographer taking pictures of couples and families in attendance. You could opt to buy the finished product for $20 if you so chose. Okay, is this Disney World? No! What extremely expensive and purprotedly classy establishment would allow such a thing to go on!? Frankly, I was shocked. Lastly, the elevators that we used to get to our rooms (there are separate elevator banks for different parts of the hotel) smelled horrible. Every morning and evening going down and up those things, I felt like I was in a sweaty gym lockeroom. Febreeze much? Anyway, this hotel is fine if you have kids and all you want to do is lounge at the pool all day and watch your kids run themselves ragged (that is of course, after construction in the pool area is complete). Otherwise, I would look at other, more intimate options that could probably meet your needs in a more respectable and value-driven fashion.