Stayed here with my husband at the end of a 10 trip to the Hawaiian islands. For us the Hyatt was our least favourite of the 3 hotels we stayed in - mainly down to a few silly rules and charges. Good things: the room - comfortable, clean, spacious and well furnished - we had a partial ocean view room - but as we were in a corner room, we also had a view of the golf course/mountains, so we got the best of both worlds. View was great, glad I didn't pay extra for an ocean view/front room, as it wouldn't have been worth it. The front desk staff were very helpful/friendly and the lobby, grounds and pool area were all beautiful. Thought the penguins and flamingos were a quirky touch! The cocktails at the pool were delicious, and although at a slight premium, were large sized drinks, so felt OK paying a little more. Bad things: the add on charges - You can't help feeling that they're trying to make a quick buck out of you at every turn, when you've already paid more than enough for the room rate. We went into it knowing about the additional charges, but I think it's a question of value for money - if the hotel had been amazing in every possible way we might have felt a little better about it - but it felt like a lot to pay for what we got. Our room was $262/night including tax - the most expensive hotel of our trip by about $130/night, but we didn't really feel it was $130 better than the other places we stayed. Then there was a further $15/night resort fee - which as far as we could tell covered parking. The other things they say it includes (coffee making/access to the fitness center/daily newspaper/free local calls) are things which most hotels would include in their room rate anyway. They then charge you another $10/night for internet access - which is a bit tight, I think this should be included as part of what the resort fee covers. I think what I'm really saying is that the room rate + resort fee + internet fee of $287/night for this hotel was expensive for what we got - this hotel should be more in the $180 -$200/night range. One morning for breakfast we called by the coffee bar in the lobby and nearly fainted at the prices - $6.50 for a chocolate muffin?!!? We drove the 5 minutes to Safeway and paid less than $6.50 for 2 coffees and two muffins! $6.50 for a chocolate muffin is a rip off, no matter how good the view! The pool towel card/wrist band faff - none of the other hotels we stayed in had this rule - you exchanged your towel card for a pool towel - and then back to a card when you were done, and if you didn't return your cards on check out they billed you $25 for a mangy pool towel! With what they are charging I think they could stretch to letting you have a couple of pool towels without all the hassle of trading them for cards - it wasn't like they were so plush and lovely that you would have wanted to take one. And what if you wanted 2 towels, not one?! They also make you wear a wrist band - so that they can tell you are staying the Hyatt and not one of the neighbouring hotels, but I don't really know why - although the Hyatt had a lovely pool, so did the other hotels - it just seemed like another unnecessary rule. Overall the hotel was fine (just not the spectacular that the price would suggest) - I would stay here again - but only if I got a significantly cheaper room rate.