After 3 nights in Honolulu (great) we checked into the Hyatt Regency Maui as the 2nd leg of a Perillo Tour. On first sight, the place was beautiful. Seeing the ocean right as we stood in the open air lobby was impressive. The landscaping was beautiful - lush plants, birds, penguins, cranes all on the grounds. Then we tried to check in. Even though we arrived after the 3 PM check in time, our room wasn't ready. So we milled about while the others on our tour went to their rooms. When the room was finally ready, I was disappointed to see such a small room - a couch, desk, platform bead, dresser with TV on top. The bathroom set up was awkwardly small. I didn't get the sense that it was all that clean as well and while we didn't see cockroaches others in our tour group did!!! Our room was suppose to be "ocean view" you had to stand on the balcony and stretch your neck to see a glimpse of the ocean through the lush greenery. The pool was huge and we were able to get chairs without a problem and the set up seemed to keep small children away from the couples traveling without kids (nice!). The first night we had a dinner reservation at Cascades (on the premises). We arrived 5 minutes before our time and were told there'd be a 15 minute wait. We sat and watched as people without reservations were told the same thing! Then, they were seated before us. The food was unremarkable and the service was slow. The second night we went to the Luau on the grounds - an ok dinner show but the food was fair. We were packed in so tight at the tables, it was hard to get up & down. (There were approximately 350 - 400 people at this thing). Breakfast every day was at Swans Court. The buffet was large, but there wasn't one day (of 3) where there were waffles/pancakes available. They ran out every day! The other thing was the birds that flew in and out of the restaurant constantly. The staff tried to shoo them away, but they'd land on tables, chairs, plates(!) continuously. If they landed on your plate the staff took the plate away, and back to the buffet you'd go. No wonder they'd run out of food. We were suppose to receive a bottle of champagne for our anniversary on the first night. We got it (only after our tour guide inquired about it) on our last night. There is no beach to speak of - just a small strip of sand just beyond the pool. If you walk down the path a bit, you'll get to a bigger patch of sand where they rent jet ski's and other water sports. The scenery around this hotel is really beautiful, but I'm sure there are hotels where you'd get more for your money.