To get the negative out of the way, put simply, this is not a smoke free resort and if you expect otherwise, you may find significant annoyances. For instance there is a "smokers bench" and ash tray about 20 feet outside of the front door on the sidewalk to the self-park area. Perhaps another incentive to get valet parking! More to the point, when our neighbor on a non smoking floor decided to start smoking on his balcony the staff's response to us was that we should just tell him when we are going to have our door open so that he could stop smoking then. Only after three complaints and only after I went directly to the manager on duty, did they, at our suggestion move us to another room, a request they had earlier rejected because, as they put it, "you aren't the ones violating our policies." However, after it became clear that they were not about to ask the violator of the policy to move to their smoking floor (yes, apparently, they have a smoking floor!) they relented and moved us to the Regency Club floor and provided a night's free lodging as a courtesy. At that point I considered that matter resolved to my satisfaction but probably still worth a caution to others who are as annoyed by smoking as my wife and I are. Now the good points. I doubt whether there is a bad view in the hotel. In fact, after they moved us to the Regency Club floor we decided a lesser view room on the Regency Club floor would have been a greater value than the premium view we had reserved on a regular floor. The Regency Club offers wonderful amenities and a very attentive staff. It really is a B&B atmosphere within the hotel. The whale watching both from the beach and from the balcony of our room was astounding. The breakfast buffet was certainly adequate. And a variety of restaurants on site can be supplemented easily within the area. This was our first visit to Maui so it would be hard for us to rate how value for the dollar compares with similar resorts on the island. Overall, though, it struck us that for the price we paid and the service we received an "average" rating is probably even a little generous.