We were optimistic about the Maui Hyatt, after reading some good reviews and having a very positive experience at the Hyatt in Kauai last year. But the Hyatt in Maui is not nearly as nice as the one on Kauai. Our room in Maui was tired, the bathroom very small, and the beds all were uncomfortable. We upgraded to an ocean front room, only to find, after we had fully unpacked our family of 4, that we were directly above the nightly luau. This meant that we heard the noise -- lounge acts and pounding drums -- from 5:00 to 8:00 pm every night (not counting the noise of people entering at about 4:30 pm). They offered to move us -- but there is also a luau on the other side of the hotel 2 days a week, and the area by the pool is hardly quiet, so we chose to stay put rather than have a view of the parking lot and go through the hassle of moving. I just wish they had warned us about the noise before we upgraded our room and unpacked. As for the pool, when you can find a chair, you sit elbow to elbow next to everyone. Getting 4 chairs together is not easy, and can take all day to accomplish, and finding chairs with shade is like striking gold. As for snorkeling, there's none here, and the beach is noisey, filled with jet skiis. Black Rock at the Sheraton is the closest place to snorkel, but it's a 20 minute walk on the path. The pool at the Sheraton, by the way, looked better than the pool at the Hyatt -- and the Sheraton does have the beach. So in Kanapali the Sheraton may be the best way to go. Nevertheless we did end up adjusting to the hotel and having a good time. There's great snorkeling nearby in Honolua Bay, and we timed our day to be ready for dinner just as the luau started. The staff was basicially nice. I'm not sure whether the fact that they couldn't do anything about the smell of cigarette smoke reflected badly on them or the people the hotel attracts. (They told me it happens all the time in the non-smoking rooms -- people just smoke in them anyway and the smell leaks out.) Anyway, next year, back to the Kauai Hyatt -- which is a terrific hotel! (It was quiet, the rooms large, the bathroom large, the beds comfortable, the pools well designed and we never smelled cigarette smoke once.)