We stayed 6 nights at Hyatt on Maui, after spending 4 nights at Hyatt on Kauai. The hotels and islands are very different, but I will focus on the hotel properties. The Hyatt on Maui is located in the north and western part of Maui, near Lahaina, which has a lot to offer because of the historic and redeveloped aspects of the town. There are a lot of great excusions in this part of Maui as well. It is a busier area with lots to do, in contrast to the Wailea area of Maui which has nice resorts and a quieter feel. The beach at the Hyatt is at the south side of Kaanapali, and it is too thin just in front of the Hyatt. Contrast it with the Sheraton near Black Rock in Kannapali, which had a much wider beach area and great snorkeling. The part where the Hyatt is located has a more dense feel, with many resorts right beside each other. Some may find this appealing, we found it a little too hectic. The hotel was nice, but was a little tired looking. The room noise was too high. Each time a door closed on the floor it felt like it was your own. Contrast this with the Hyatt on Kauai, which we never heard anybody else on our floor (We did a review on that property just a few days ago). We were first in the center atrium building, which I would not recommend unless you are a very heavy sleeper. If the doors on the floor don't wake you up (3am departures for biking down Haleakala) the birds definitely will. I would recommend one of the outer two buildings. The hallways are carpeted, the hallways in the atrium are ceramic tile. But that doesn't solve the door banging problem. The rooms themselves are fine, and the beds were very comfortable. The pool area is nice and has a nice kids area, but the chairs around the pool are very crowded. We found it better to go on the grassy areas between the pools and the beach, and the beach area in front of the fitness center. I would describe the feel of the hotel as more of an active hotel and activity area, versus more of a spread out, relaxed resort feel. The Hyatt Kauai is much more relaxing and uses distinctly different levels of the pool area, lagoon, and beach to spread out the guests, the views, and the noise. If you want to stay in the Kaanapali area, I think you should consider the Hyatt, but would also consider other locations as well and weigh the overall price/value. We frequently visited the area north of Kapalua (the Ritz seemed very windy, and quite a distance from the hotel to the beach) for hiking, snorkeling, road biking, and terrific views to marvel out on day trips. Definitely rent a car if you think you want to do more than hang out at the hotel. The Lahaina area is a great evening stroll for shopping, dinner, socializing, and siteseeing.