I stayed at Hyatt Regency Maui from 5/27-6/3 for 7 nights. I had booked under a special rate through my work which I was guaranteed a room on lower floors with view of parking lot. Liked: When my family checked in we were greeted with flower leis and the concierge gave my 4 and 5 year old bubbles to occupy them. The clerk at the front desk upgraded us for free to a partial ocean view room on the 6th floor of Lahaina Tower. That was nice that we would not be looking at a dumpster. The grounds are beautiful and and my children enjoyed the waterslides and pool. The staff is very nice. We went to the Luau at the hotel which was great and we all enjoyed that alot. The animals and birds in the lobby created a very nice atmosphere. Did Not Like: What I did not like was housekeeping. They did a poor job of cleaning our room. For the price we paid for a room we expect them to vacuum and clean the bathrooms. At times the only thing we noticed done was them making our beds. They have a new policy about not changing the linen everyday only once on the 4th day of your stay unless you request otherwise. We didn't care that the linen was not changed daily but we still expected them to clean the room which they did a poor job. The rooms are also in need of renovation. They are dark and the furniture is worn. There are no affordable options for dining at the Hyatt. We spent most of our time eating at either Whalers or Lahaina in town. It would be nice if a family could actually enjoy the restaurants at a resort but unless you have alot of money to blow this is not an option for working class families. I ordered a few salads at the pool sandwich shop and paid $40 which is ridiculous. That was the only meal we ate at the Hyatt. Another thing that bothered me was there is no HBO. Only basic cable. This should be included for the price of these rooms. My recommendation is that you check your account daily on the menu of your tv. There were a ton of erroneous charges on our bill for the mini bar in the room which we never touched. Everything is operated on a laser so I am assuming if you accidentally run into the unit it may set the laser off. A can of pop was $3.25. Enough said. There was no entertainment on the Hyatt property at all at night during the week. This was baffling to me. Most of the hotels on the strip of Kaanapali had a singer nightly or a band. We ended up going to the Kaanapali Beach Hotel a couple of nights to see the free Luau show and Hawaiian music from 6-9pm at night. It would have been nice if the Hyatt offered something to do at night other than suck every last dime from you on their restaurants and bars. Overall: It is hard to find the caliber of resort without paying a huge pricetag with it. I think that at least resorts could make the kids meals affordable which none of them attempt to do. I think that is why families are buying timeshares. The Hyatt is a beautiful resort but offers little to the family demographic with the exception of the pools. I don't mind paying more for a hotel room if I am going to get some amenities but I did not feel that we got anymore than a 2 or 3 star hotel here.