Overall the Hyatt is a very visually impressive hotel, the grounds are lush and well maintained and the rooms look over a golf course and mountains to the back and the ocean to the front. Also the foyer is factastic with palm trees and parrots and water features. We arrived (extremely jet-lagged) at around midday having requested an early check-in but we told they were still preparing the room and it would not be ready until earliest 2pm and guaranteed at 3pm. We went to Whaler's Village for some food and came back at 3pm to be told it was not yet ready. The concierge took pity on us and managed to get us our keys at around 3.10 but this was still disappointing. We had a King Ocean View room which was a corner room with 2 balconies, one looking to the side with table and chairs and another narrow balcony looking over the ocean. The room was very spacious and cool, it is was beginning to look a bit worn but was very pleasant and the bed was extremely comfortable. Our main gripe was the food - it was incredibly expensive and not worth the money. We were not at all impressed with the breakfast, it was a case of quantity over quality and I found it difficult to eat anything bar cereal and fruit. We also ate in Pavillion, Son'z and Spats. We would only return to Son'z where the setting was incredibly romantic and the food was excellent, however the service was overfamiliar, loud and generally much too casual for the standard of restaurant and put a blemish on an otherwise wonderful night. The food in the other places was barely mediocre. We spent our days by the pool. The beach in front of the hotel is sandy and clean but narrow and there are only 10 cabanas which have to be rented for $40 per day. The pool is therefore incredibly crowded and noisy as they pack in as many loungers as possible. We would definately return to Maui although we would not stay at the Hyatt again. It was a reasonably pleasant stay but the hotel is over-priced, very busy and the service is lacking.