I stayed at the Hyatt Maui from June 27th  July 2nd before going to Honolulu. I must say I am surprised by all the raves, I believe the Hyatt Kauai is the Best Hyatt in the entire Hawaiian Islands. As you can tell I was disappointed when I arrived at the Hyatt Regency on Maui. Drive from Kahului to Kaanapali: I think the State of Hawaii and the County of Maui should spend some money on the development of better ways to get to West Maui. When you rent a car and look at the timeline it will take you to drive to Kaanapali or Kapalua, it says it will take you 45  60 minutes driving time. However, it does not include the traffic jams you encounter in Lahaina. It took me 2 hours to get to the Hyatt. Only 1 road in and out How whacked is that? Hyatt: I think overall, most of the disappointment was due to the fact I felt the hotel was really showing its age. I stayed at the Regency Level on the 22nd floor overlooking the Kaanapali South Golf Course. The Regency Club and its staff was great and added to stay. However, if you are on the 22nd floor the elevators are slow and will take forever to get to. Speaking about the Elevators  Its Dark and Humid, you will need your Regency Club Card to get to the 22nd floor. The reason I mention this, its dark and you need to have it in hand to slide into the slot. Restaurants: Overpriced and the food is just OK. Checkout some of the restaurants in Lahaina, I think you will be very surprised without the $$$. Luau Show: Met some friends at the Drums of the Pacific, since we could not get into the Old Lahaina Luau. We had experienced other luaus on Kauai and Oahu, so we wanted to try the VIP treatment. We were given a table near the stage under this tree that kept dropping things on our table. When we went to the Luau Buffet, we found the food to be exceptional, however the numerous flies kept us from enjoying our meal. Our waiter Joe told us it only happens during the summer???? That did not make sense. Pools: The pools were PACKED full of old lounge chairs that were inches apart. The beach was rocky and murky. Golf: The only Course Open was the South Course, since the North is being redone. Slow Play and over used greens. I played at several courses at Kapalua (Bay & Plantation) and Wailea (Gold & Emerald), which was out of this world. Other Activities: Para Sail  You need to book this a day or two in advance. Overall the Kaanapali area did not feel very "Hawaii". If you are looking to stay on this Island here are a few tips. For some of you looking for the sun without all the traffic, I would suggest the Wailea area and all its beautiful Hotels. If you are looking for cooler climate with some clouds, but beautiful views, try Kapalua and the Ritz. However, for those looking to stay in the Kaanapali area, check out the Sheraton - it looked really nice from the outside and their beach area was much better.