We stayed at the Hyatt in Maui from June 14-18. Overall, it's a nice hotel but I found it overpriced. They also went out of their way to try to nickel and dime you with additional charges. We had two rooms as my mother-in-law was travelling with our family of four. Both rooms were fine and similar to the pictures on the website. The bedroom was average-sized and the bathroom area was somewhat generous. The porch/lenai was a little small, had a a partial ocean view and could seat two people. The room with the king-sized bed was a little nicer than the room with two beds. We stayed on the Regent Floor which provides a continental breakfast and drinks and appetizers at happy hour. Both the breakfast and happy hour were top notch. During the rest of the day they put out cookies and soft drinks. It's somewhat difficult to justify paying the premium ($150) to stay on the Regent Floor, but we enjoyed it. The grounds are nicely mainitained with the various birds and plants. Service was generally good. We didn't eat the the hotel - prices for dinner were awfully high for restaurants that aren't rated that highly. The pools were nice but it was very difficult to get a chair. We went down at 11:00 am and almost every chair was taken. Only about 25% of the chairs had people in them, most were simply claimed by a towel. The add on charges were very high and irritating. The Hyatt Kids program was $75 per day. Internet access at the the business center was an obscene $5 plus $1/minute. They charged for all beach-related items including chairs. Valet parking was $10/day and they practically forced you to use it by making the regular parking lot too small - it was about 20% the size of the valet lot. The hotel also charged a daily resort fee of $14 or $15. Excluding the additional cost for the Regent Floor, we paid $450 per night at the Hyatt. In contrast, we paid $550 per night at the Four Seasons on the Big Island, and for a bungalow at the Turtle Bay Resort on Oahu. The other two resorts provided much better value for the money than the Hyatt. Their rooms and facilities were much nicer than the Hyatt's and they didn't try to take advantage of you with the add-on charges. Based on the prices I paid elsehwere, I thought that the Hyatt should have been priced at about half of what we paid at the Four Seasons and Turtle Bay Resort.