Arrived in Kaanapali after a few nights in Wailea. Pretty nice area. Visibly a lot busier than Wailea. On a strip with other hotels, across from a golf course, and ten minute walk to Whalers Village. Hotel is 10-minutes from Kapalua and 5-minutes from Lahaina. Obvious when you drive up that this is a busy hotel. Line of cars waiting to get to the front whether to valet or drop of passengers. Valet is $10 a day. Received a lei greeting for each person in party. Very nice. I had on a white sirt which was stained by the flowers. No biggie, it's Hawaii. Only two associates available to check-in guests. We arrived around mid-day to a line of folks trying to check-in. Took about 30-minutes. Received a room on the 14th floor in the Atrium tower. That is the main tower of the hotel. Quite noisy. Lobby is open-air with plenty of greenery. Many of the restaurants and pools are in this building. Lots and lots of kids. Even for April. Not the hotel for a honeymoon couple. The hotel has a nice shopping area which includes a small Macys. Simply stated, the hotel is huge and caters to families. Pool has waterfalls and caves. Sure it is the main attraction for families. This hotel also has a conference center as many Hyatts do. The 14th floor happens to be the first floor of rooms in the Atrium building. Hotel resembles an Embassy Suites. Doors are facing atrium with lanai views varying. Our room had 1 full and 1 queen bed. They were pretty comfortable. Lanai is EXTREMELY small. Our view was the roof and ocean if you stand at an angle. We also had a mountain view. Bathroom is unique. Vanity area is very small. However, the area with the tub/shower and commode is large. There is a wood sliding door that separates the bath from vanity. Closet is extremely small. Refrigerator is fully stocked with items for sale. As a result, you would have to remove things if you have drinks, etc. Housekeeping was ok. Had to ask for extra towels everyday. Received a pretty good deal on the room. Paid 221.25 a night and had a $25 a day credit. Athletic facility is awesome. Great view of ocean while you work-out. Plenty and varied equipment. Utlized Penny at the concierge to help with dinner and activity arrangements. She is awesome. Breakfast at the Swan Court is $21.95 per person and worth every penny. We enjoyed the swans and food for almost 2 hours. Coffee was wonderful. I'm really not a coffee drinker and thought it was the best I ever had. Also, best portugues sausage I ever had. Even though I've only had it during visits to Hawaii. My hotel stay was an average one. Nothing to "write home about". Great for business travelers.