This hotel had an enviable location along the famed Kaanapali Beach. It was connected to the other hotels and the Whaler village with shops, restaurants and a food court via a narrow beachside boardwalk. This boardwalk did get pretty crowded in the mornings as the pedestrians had to share it with the joggers. The grounds were expansive and well manicured with plenty of plumeria trees. The pool area was a bit small for the hotel this size but the kids in our group all enjoyed it. A big hit with the kids was the giant checkerboard on the grounds. We mainly booked this hotel because friends from Oahu flew in to join us for the weekend and were able to get adjoining rooms with the Kaamaina or Hawaii resident rate. It was $50 less per night than their cheapest rate to the public. However, we all joked that they probably put all the residents who got this rate in their oldest rooms. We were in the Molokai building. Our room had a balcony and a partial ocean view. The rooms were circa 1970s Hawaiian dcor and could use some major updates despite the flat screen TV in the room. They were renovating a few rooms down the hall from ours so hopefully theyre bringing it into this century. It was clean and very spacious though. The beds were comfortable. There was a mini-refrigerator and an in-room safe (charge of $1.50 for the entire stay). There was nightly entertainment which we didnt have the chance to sit and watch. We did see some children preparing for a hula show on a Friday night. During the day, there were craft sellers in the lobby. Unfortunately, we were out exploring Maui so we didnt have the chance to take advantage of their free classes ranging from hula lessons to lei making. We were able to obtain the Aloha Passport for kids even though they were only able to participate in note card making. The guest relations staff wrote their names and their equivalent Hawaiian names. As we were waiting to checkout, we were presented with kukui nut shells which represent being part of their family/ohana and to wear it when we come back for special privileges. There was a convenience store by the entrance and there were restaurants within the hotel though a little bit pricey. The tiki grill was also expensive with $8 small mai tai drinks. Self-parking was $9 and valet parking was $11 which was a pretty good deal and they were fairly prompt. While the location and grounds were great and the programs were variable, we probably would not go back to this hotel unless the rooms were upgraded and updated.