I'm trying to think of what nice thing to say about the KBH but nothing comes to mind. From the minute we got to the hotel I knew I wasn't in Kansas anymore. It all started when the bellman got a ticked off by the amount of luggage he had to carry in. His exact quote was "you guys come prepared don't you?" Well if he was traveling 6000 miles for 2 weeks then he'd understand that whether you like it or not, you bring everything. When we got to the desk, they were pleasant enough and we did get our room right away (I guess that's my nice thing to say) BUT then we got to the room. Right away the musty smell overpowered us. We couldn't escape it. Then we noticed that about 15 years ago this was probably a decent hotel. It needs severe updating or at least new bedspreads. Some people would have complained (usually me) but after 13 hours on a plane, a 6 hour time difference and pure exhastion we figured hey, it's only for one night (we were moving to the Grand Wailea the next day but they had no rooms available for us that night) Then came the sheets...dingy and I hate to say this, they smelled like wet dog. Take that back: dirty wet dog. My dog smells like lavender after her bath. The next day, knowing we were leaving, my husband & daughter went to the pool while I packed up our dirty clothes, toiletries, etc. The smell was so overwhelming that I actually got sick (and no, I am no fragile flower, I'm from Jersey, need I say more?) I couldn't wait to get the heck out of there. I too am a firm believer in location, location, location but in this case location is the only thing this hotel has got going for it. And you shouldn't base your hotel on location alone. There are a lot "dives" in great locations. You want to know that when you get your room it's at least clean when you first walk in. What happens while you're occupying it is your business. So I honestly cannot give this hotel a good review, and to be honest with you, if you can avoid it, do so. If you are one these people that says "oh, I'm only there to sleep and shower" then maybe this is a good choice for you, especially if you like sleeping on a wet dog.