My husband and I stayed at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel for our honeymoon because of the great price, despite some of the poor reviews we read online. We had a great time and enjoyed the hotel despite a few annoyances. Even though the hotel wasn't perfect, we would stay here again because of the awesome location & price. We arrived at about 10:30pm and were hungry as we had not eaten dinner yet. We were disappointed to find that the hotel restaurant was closed, the hotel bar was no longer serving food, and the front desk clerk said he was unsure if we'd find any place open to eat at. We booked a room with a king sized bed, but were told that none were available. We were given a room with two twin sized beds for our first night. (How romantic for a honeymoon?) After we found our room we decided to wander down the beach to look for a place to eat. The hotel next door had a restaurant on the beach which was open and still serving food even though the desk clerk told us otherwise. They had us change rooms for the second day and offered no compensation for the inconvenience. The wing we stayed in did not have an elevator so we had to drag our luggage up the stairs. On the third day we found a fruit tray & champaign in our refrigerator which a family member had arranged to be sent to us upon arrival. It would have been nice to have this the first night. We were VERY pleased with the view from our room. When booking, we selected a "garden view" room which was the cheapest option, but we had a beautiful ocean view from our balcony. The location of this hotel is absolutely perfect. It is right on the beach with a beautiful view of the ocean. It is a short walk to Whaler's Village shopping center, which we visited every day. There is an ABC store there which was great for buying cheap snacks & souvenirs. I would highly recommend renting a car as the driving is very easy and relaxed. We also frequently drove to Lahaina town for shopping and dining. I HIGHLY recommend going to the welcome show!!! So much great info & yummy free breakfast! The magic show at the hotel was pretty neat. The magician gave us some great info about where the best shows & sites were. The hotel had live music every night and the tiki torches all lit up was very neat. The rooms were not bad at all. A bit outdated maybe but nothing that bothered me. Very quiet, no problem getting great sleep. The goodbye ceremony was very nice. Overall it was a fine place to stay and we loved being right on the beach!