Spent 4 nights at KBH as a solo female traveler (late 30s). I really wanted to love KBH...folks always rave about the charm and aloha, and I was ready to experience it myself. I came away liking the hotel, not loving it, but wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to travelers looking for budget lodging in a really great location. Pros: room was exceptionally clean, nice sized lanai, fridge in the room, location really cannot be beat, Trilogy activities desk onsite was great and reasonably priced, live music nightly. Cons: room was very dated, had an electrical issue with the sconce (shot flames out of it...very scary but quickly tended to), thin walls, had to pay for parking, pool was just okay, and not fitness facilities, no wireless internet. Also, only the Molokai wing offers non-smoking rooms, and I believe those are the most outdated rooms. A note about the thin walls -- this actually was not an issue until one night when the electricity went off and I could hear the person next door to me snoring. Otherwise, I found that I was definitely younger than most of the guests at the hotel...which was both good and bad: good because there were no crazy loud nights or early mornings, but bad because I did feel a little out of place and did not really hang out at the Tiki Bar like I thought I might. I did not really interact with the staff, and that appears to be what typically garners this hotel such high reviews. I know it has a reputation for its true Hawaiian spirit and aloha, but frankly KBH did not have the same hold on me. What it did deliver, unquestionably, was a very clean room in a location that you really cannot beat. I loved being able to walk to Whalers Village in a matter of minutes, and the beach in front of the hotel is really nice (and the cabana rentals are very reasonable). I even enjoyed lying in the beach chairs at night to do a little star gazing. Come to this hotel if you're on a budget and you don't need a fancy, manicured resort to complete your Hawaiian vacation. For the price and location, it's a solid value.