This way our second time on Maui, the first time was 5 years ago when we got married on the beach and stayed next door at the Sheraton. This time we really had to cut costs, but we still wanted to be in the same location on Ka'anapali Beach, so KBH was perfect. We got a deal through Costco that included a rental car and the buffet breakfast each morning for about $200 per night, for 7 nights. Compared to the best deal we could find at the Sheraton or Westin (outside of Priceline-type bidding, which I'm not comfortable with) we saved over $800 total on our hotel, which was very much worth it to us. If the savings had been closer to $300-400, we would have probably gone with one of the bigger resorts. We were in the Kauai wing, in the closest room to the beach that didn't actually face the beach. We looked out at the Whaler next door, but had a good view of the ocean to the side. The room was small and the bathroom was tiny- 2 people really couldn't be in there at the same time. I've had bigger hotel rooms in Europe, but generally it worked. The ceiling fan circulated air well, and we mostly slept with the lanai door open, until about 6:30 when the birds would get active outside. The room looked like it had been renovated, but still, the hotel is old and a bit dated so it isn't necessarily sparkling. It was cleaned nicely every day, and we never had a problem with dirt, insects, etc. We were a little annoying to be nickeled and dimed for some things- $1.50 per day for the safe? Really? The grounds are nice and expansive, and you are right next to the beach and just a short walk to Whaler's Village, so the location is fantastic. We occasionally stopped for a drink at the Tiki Bar, which was nice and the bartenders were friendly, and the drinks were a little cheaper than at other places. The Tiki Grill, however, didn't impress us. We were hoping for a healthy snack option, and tried to order a Thai chicken wrap but we were told they were out of the ingredients for that. Ended up with a dry chicken sandwich and some fried wontons. We don't eat a lot of fried food, so it was disappointing, but there are many options just a short walk away for a better snack so it didn't slow us down. The breakfast buffet was OK- food was good, but there wasn't enough variety to eat there every morning. Breakfast is important to me, especially on vacation- I love to sit, sip my coffee, and discuss the plans for the day. It certainly was a lovely location for that, but I got sick of pancakes and scrambled eggs every morning. The quiche was tasty, but not 7 mornings in a row. They really didn't change things out from day to day- the things they did change weren't really breakfast foods- stir-fried pork, potato wedges, fried rice, breaded fish, etc. My husband loved that stuff but I was dying for a waffle or even a piece of toast by the end of the week. To be fair, we were occasionally asked if we wanted to see a menu, so that could have been an option, I just never went that route, so I take some of the blame. They had many activities going on at the hotel- lei making class, ukelele class, hula show in the evening, but we really didn't take advantage of any of that. The people operating the activities seemed very patient and friendly. During the day they had several vendors set up in the lobby with their local arts and crafts, and I noticed that they did change from day to day so if you see something you want, buy it right way- we only saw the scented salts guy once. There are some displays set up around the hotel that describe how each staff member takes part in building or creating different cultural artifacts- one being a canoe. I think that is really cool that the staff immerses themselves in the culture like that. Does it necessarily make my stay at the hotel any more enriched? No. But still, I think it is very nice that they do that sort of thing. The pool was small, and we knew that before going, but it was a little disappointing. Many of the resorts in the area have large, sprawling pools with swim-up bars, waterfalls, etc. The KBH pool is a basic neighborhood pool in the shape of a whale. Yawn. Overall, we were happy with this hotel because of the location and the price. However, if we were going for a special occasion (like our wedding or honeymoon) We would have splurged for one of the other resorts.