I really, really don't like leaving negative reviews. I really, really wanted to like the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel. I even booked our final 3 nights in Maui there BECAUSE of TripAdvisor reviews. Unfortunately, my wife and I did not have a great time there. My wife and I had already stayed at the Marriott Maui Ocean Club the previous 7 nights, and maybe we were just used to higher quality... everything. When we first checked in, we were given a ground floor unit right at the corner of a walkway. So, basically anyone that walked by had a terrific, clear view of your unit - unless you shut all of the curtains, turning your room into a cave. I asked for a different room, as I was on my honeymoon, and the woman at the front desk quickly moved me to a 3rd floor unit with no hassle at all. The staff in general are very nice. The AC unit in our room made a 4' x 4' section of the carpet (and wall) very damp. So damp that housekeeping had to bring in a huge industrial fan and have it blowing 100mph for an entire afternoon to try and dry it out, which it never did. So, we learned to never walk around barefoot or with socks on. The TV's are still incredibly old, but that wasn't a huge deal to me. After all, we didn't book the room to watch TV. The fridge is tiny, so you can't put much in it at all, and the safe is more like a small metal locker than anything else - one that you pay a daily rate for. I needed to use my laptop to look up some things - restaurants, activities, etc. Well, they charge $10 for 24-hours of Internet usage here. Seriously! For me, that is absolutely ridiculous. I ended up just using my iPhone 4's internet to get everything that I needed, not wanting to put another dime into this hotel's bank. Dinner was very good, but they brought out a completely different meal than what my wife had ordered, so she had to wait for them to cook the correct meal and bring it back out; they did not take a few bucks off the bill for this, which I thought was pretty inconsiderate, since just about *any* other restaurant would have done the same. On our final day, I was in the middle of showering and packing to get ready to leave for the airport when the front desk called me telling me that I had to move my car so that the tree trimmers could get in. No advanced notice was given to anyone, nor were there any signs posted. This isn't a big a deal as the rest of my issues, but little things keep adding up here. I know I wasn't the only one inconvenienced by this, as I saw a few older ladies having to move their cars into the garage (which was pretty full at the time). To sum it up: PROS: -Conveniently located near Whaler's Village and Black Rock -The beach in front of the hotel is outstanding -Very friendly staff CONS: -Severely dated rooms (even in the newly-renovated rooms) -$9/day self-parking or $11/day valet -$10 for 24-hours of internet access -Uncomfortable beds and pillows. Seriously, I was able to get *maybe* 5 hours of sleep a night on them; the same goes for my wife Overall, we were very disappointed with our stay here, and will not be returning.