The beach front that this hotel occupies is quite nice. The sand was clean and there was a good length of access to the water. It was somewhat maintained by the staff. Beach umbrellas and chairs were a tad pricey but nice that they were available for renting. The room was always clean and the staff that cleaned the room did a very good job. They also came in nightly to turn down the bed and leave a treat. Nice touch and we really appreciated the cleanliness and amenities of the room. Towels and sheets were very nice and plush. Coffee machine and tea in room. TV was a good size, various channels. Balcony was a treat to have. Saw the mountains and the ocean from it. Front desk and restaurant staff was okay friendly. They were definitely helpful. The food is my only real complaint. Their menus need an overhaul! Spam (a canned mystery meat product) should not be featured on any menu but it seemed to have a special place here. Prices were much too high for food being served. Service at the restaurant at the hotel was not good, quite slow. The buffet breakfast at the casual restaurant (there's 2) was very basic. Everything tasted very processed, fake. Nothing fresh or healthful. Nothing could be described as delicious. Location was good, nice to be near Whaler's Village for shopping and restaurants. Literally steps away. Room offered peace and quiet except for work being done outside that we were not fore-warned of. Lots of loud machinery. A courtesy room was offered for our use after we had checked out but before we were to leave. So we had a chance to shower and change before heading to the airport. This was free of charge and greatly appreciated. Since this was our honeymoon we were given a bottle of champagne which we enjoyed. The pool is tiny so if that is a priority for you or if you have children who enjoy pool swimming this may not be the place for you. The staff that maintain this hotel is to be commended. They were consistently warm and friendly. And finally, the grounds were immaculate. Not a leaf or flower blossom fell that wasn't raked up immediately! Groundskeeping staff on the ball and hard at work every morning.