It took me a while to get to this review because I wanted to be as fair as possible. We were there from the end of October through the first of November on a spontaneous trip with airfare only $406 from Oklahoma. We celebrated Halloween in Lahaina which was fun. My husband found this room for $150 night and since our airfare was such a good deal we decided to splurge. It was by far the most expensive place we had stayed having very recently stayed on Oahu, Kauai and in the Virgin Islands for just under $100. The grounds had a lot of tiki theme which, being into exotica and tiki fans was fun. The parking garage, lobby and the gift shop were very nice. Our room was o.k. Had a mini-fridge and little balcony and king-size bed. They had a bottle of champagne (albiet $7 we saw it at the store in town) waiting for us for our anniversary. The shower was stand-up only and a little small but big enough to do the job. The main complaint was that our room was on the 2nd floor next to the stairwell and many, many people including bell hops dragged their wheeled carts and baggage up and down the stairs rather than picking them up (there was no elevator in our buiding). This was HORRIBLE. The noise began and 4:30 a.m. and continued all day but of course the worst was while we were trying to sleep at night. Our first full day began very early so we left hoping it was a fluke. Night two, more of the same. On day 3 I reported it to the front desk who tried to assure me their people would not do that and definitely not early in the morning. However, we climbed out of bed and ran to the hall to look and see what inconsiderate people were causing so much noise. We saw uniformed hotel staff doing it just as much as guests. Note: if you are too weak, too old or unable to carry your bags, you should request a first floor room. It is very, very inconsiderate to hotel guests trying to relax or sleep to hear ka-clunk, ka-clunk, ka-clunk up and down 3 flights of stairs at all hours of the day or night. I might expect this at Motel 6, but not at a $150 night resort. At any rate, the noise continued. We were only there for 5 nights or we would have moved but by day 4 realizing it was a constant problem, we didn't want to move all of our stuff for 1 night. So for $150 I had to wear ear plugs to bed every night and my husband slept with his head under a pillow. We both work up with pounding headaches 3 of the mornings. The tiki bar on the grounds was pretty cool, but the first time I approached the bartender to inquire about where we might find the pool towels, he was very rude. I was even extra nice knowing he probably hated answering questions from guests. A couple of days later when we consumed a couple of drinks at the bar and left a tip he was much nicer. Hmmm. We ate at the buffet restaurant one night. Big mistake. There were 4-6 hotel guests only and a big local family with a bunch of kids that were running all around the restaurant and jumping on the booths. There were dirty tables. The staff knew who they were too and no one said anything. The buffet was gross and at $18 each, was an outrage. (have you ever been to CiCi's pizza on a Friday night?) We were both very sick by the middle of the night. Now, the snack shack near the bar served great food and good service. We ate their about 3 times for late night munching. The grounds ARE beautiful and right on the beach and next to great snorkeling. You can walk the sidewalk along the beach which connects several of the resorts and the shopping area. But, basically every day we were up early and on the road exploring so we didn't hang at the hotel much, but did use the pool one morning after snorkeling. Kaanapalii was not our favorite area. Probably the best thing was being close to Don the Beachcomber's just a 10-12 minute walk away. The Polynesian music and dancing show in the evenings was great and free and non-hotel guests even came. If we ever went back, we'd stay on the south east side, less snooty and more down-to-Earth. We had to get on the road and were going to miss the checking out ceremony. They allow you to still pick up a lei at check-out if you cannot attend the farewell lei ceremony. We were told to go out front to the parking attendant. I approached and said good morning and explained that we had to leave early but were told inside to stop to pick up our leis. WELL, let me tell you, you would have thought she had hand-made them herself and was offended we were leaving early. She didn't even speak. She reached down, grabbed two under the desk, flipped them over the counter and said "here". It was the rudest treatment of all by any of their employees. I smiled and thanked her and told her to have a nice day. When my husband pulled up with our car, I told him how she reacted which was not all the Mahalo we were expecting. We certainly expected more than we got. So to re-cap, don't get a room near the stairwell, don't ask the bartender any questions when you aren't paying for drinks, don't eat at the buffet restaurant, and be sure to attend the lei farewell ceremony and you should be just fine. Aloha!