Let me get the good points out there first. The housekeeping staff is really friendly and helpful crew. The grounds keeps are also friendly, and work very hard. There is also a bartender at the Tiki Bar named Dale that really makes people want to come back. The location of the property is very convenient. Oh and my bed was extremely comfortable. I have read reviews where guests complained about the rooms not being updated and requesting newer upgraded ones. We booked a full ocean view room, ground floor. We did not want to take the chance of having to move. So paying full price here, really isnt worth it, the room was no where near updated. The drawers needed serious WD40. The patio door was stuck for the 9 days we stayed there. It was obvious this room was in line for a serious shove into the update department. But, I lived with it. That was the good, and this is what turned the whole experience off for us. On the third day of my 9 day trip, I went out in front of our expensive ocean front view room to relax in a lounge chair to read a book, where upon my ankle found a rather large, and grass covered hole. It was about 9 inches deep. My ankle snapped. I heard a *pop* and down I went. On their impeccably well groomed landscape, which they tend to each morning without fail, raking, mowing, and collecting debris (I was up at 6am each day. I saw it) they simply ignored two huge holes. The drainage pipe I was told had collapsed the ground in two places. The grounds crew immediately covered the 'one' hole. I was privileged to view an orange cone for the rest of my stay. I immediately iced my own ankle but it was clear that by 6pm ice was not the answer. I sent my brother to the front desk for an ace bandage. He returned with 2 security members. One told me I had torn a tendon. The other said if I wanted to see a doctor he would have someone come check on me in the morning and see how I was. No one came. We had to seek them out. I did go to the clinic, spent almost 3 hours there, and received a pair of crutches, Ibruprophan, an ankle brace, ace bandage, AND upper respiratory infection. I guess that was the bonus. For the balance of our stay, not once did anyone inquire of my condition. We basically felt as though we were purposely being ignored. We had to cancel several activities, dinners, and a trip to Hana and the Aquarium. My remaining days were spent hobbling around a hotel I felt could care less that my vacation was ruined because they choose to ignore their own part in all this. By the time we were ready to leave we decided the good-bye ceremony was simply too contrite for us. I didnt have the stomach to face a group of people that made me feel so unwelcome. I was grateful to be going home. Although I will probably never go back, I will say this. I think for anyone who visits the island for the first time, this is a fine hotel to stay in. The small details that make a vacation nice, the turn-down service with cookies and flowers at night is lovely. The goodbye ceremony I am sure is very sweet. They try to be helpful, when they dont think you require too much. I would defiantly recommend this hotel. Just dont get hurt there. Hints are this. Avoid the Mixed Plate Diner for your free breakfast. We ate once and decided to use our $12.50 coupon toward the breakfast at the Tiki Terrace. It was excellent. Also, if the special on the menu at the Tiki Terrace happens to be All you Can eat crab legs, avoid it. They do not provide small shellfish forks. Trying to dig out crab meat from those legs is not only an exercise in futility, its also dangerous. My brother ended up with crab pickers throughout his finger. More ended up on the floor than in his mouth and the $29.00 Item was not removed from the bill. They would rather you be unsatisfied than lose a dime on a meal you couldnt fight. Or bring your own fork! And one last thing, there is a Longs drugstore just passed the Front Street exit, in the Lahaina Cannery Mall. This is an excellent place to get needed supplies at reasonable prices. Avoid the hotels convenience market. Its way over priced. If anyone stays in room #186, please take care of my birds! Aloha