Just come back from week long honeymoon at the hotel and had fantastic time! Hotel is in GREAT location - Kaanapali Beach is beautiful with great snorkelling a Black Rock. If the sand is not your thing don't worry - it's steps away from the beautiful pool and gardens of the hotel so you can nip back and forth. Only bad point to note is that the hire of beach cabanas, umbrellas and sun loungers is not free for hotel guests - would of been nice to get them as perks of being guests - think other hotels along the beach got them free. Food - breakfast was in with our deal - all you can eat buffet with PLENTY to choose from - we ate at hotel restaurant twice - reasonable price and EXCELLENT food (HAVE THE LAMB CHOPS!!!!) - only downside is the nightly Hawaiian show playing on the terrace next to you (!) - if you like that sort of entertainment then this hotel will be a hit - we're not really into it but the older folks enjoyed it! The great thing about the location of the hotel is the fact that it's right next door to The Whalers Village. A collection of shops and restaurants so it's easy to take a quick walk down the beach and have some cocktails and dinner in some different restaurants rather than driving to Lahainna for dinner (although I'd recommend this also but sometimes you want to both have a drink) We were slightly disappointed with our room - they gave us an upgrade to an ocean view because they had no rooms with king beds in - we got two queen beds and a great view of the gardens and the ocean but for our honeymoon I had visions of us snuggling up in a huge KING bed rather than squashing into a queen one and using the second bed as a dumping ground for clothes etc! They did however give us a free bottle of champagne as a newlywed celebration which was nice but a King bed was what I really wanted! OVERALL - Great location, nice big rooms, very clean but in need of a lick of paint - if comes down to the usual though - if you want the Ritz you'll have to pay for it!