The KBH has both good and bad points. We stayed there for 7 nights. We were in the Lanai wing. I am not sure what our room was classified as, we booked a gardenview but we could partially see the ocean from our balcony. I can honestly say besides the negative aspects of the hotel, if I were returning to Maui on a budget, I would stay there again. But, chances are, when we return, we'll make sure we can afford a nicer place. The good: The service and staff. They are genuine, informative, pleasant, and among the nicest hotel staff I have ever encountered, from the manager to the maid. The cookies (YUM) and turn-down service was a great touch. They had champagne for us, as it was a trip for our one-year anniversary. The location. Best beach of ALL the hotels, including the ritzy ones. Huge stretches of sand (the beach by the Hyatt was non-existant), not as crowded as neighboring Sheraton, and a stones throw from Black Rock. Close to good restaurants and shopping, but not in the noisy zone. The grounds. While it doesn't have a jazzy pool, waterfalls, or a water slide, it does have tons of grassy space to stretch out in and sun yourself, sit in the shade or catch a breeze. IMO, this is a welcome relief to the sardine packed pool areas of the other hotels. The bad: Our room looked like something out of The Brady Bunch Hawaii episode. Old, outdated, musty, horrible lighting, poor air-conditioning, and subpar bathroom fixtures. It was clean though. The hallway reminded me of my college dormatory. It was bearable, but I consider my self to have a pretty high tolerance for things. After all, it's Maui, right? We had three bugs in our room while we were there. One was a roach. And last and certainly least, we had an unfortunate plumbing incident that culminated on our last day there. It affected all the -82 rooms (1-6), and it had to do with the age of the hotel. I do not need to sicken you with details, and it really wasn't because of neglect, but it was pretty disgusting. All in all, it was good for us and our situation. I think it is a good hotel if you are on a budget. But, please don't expect too much, amenity-wise. Expect what you pay for in comparison to the other hotels. If you have champagne tastes on a beer budget, this is not the place for you. Not that beer is bad, it's just not champagne. Keep that in mind. Finally, the beauty of Maui makes up for any inconvenience we had at our hotel. It was a place to lay our head in paradise.