My husband and I stayed at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel April 25-30, 2005. We got a great rate which included free breakfast and a compact rental car ($225 per day), which was a cheaper rate than the original booking price ($235). If you can, avoid the Kauai wing unless you are facing the courtyard and don't really mind not having an updated room. We got a room facing another condo community along with their junk pile (this view is not on their website!). If I really wanted to go back down and complain, I probably could have and even been upgraded. My husband didn't think it was worth it. The only other complaint I have with this hotel is when I booked our room online, it asked if this was for a special occasion, e.g. honeymoon, anniversary, etc. and they would upgrade the room (if available) with a bottle of champagne. We were celebrating our anniversay. We got to the room and noticed it couldn't have been one of the nicest rooms...very outdated with age really showing...and no champagne. Well, we don't really drink, so the champagne not being there wasn't a big deal. We also "assumed" they were booked full. Again, my husband didn't think it was so important to go all the way down to get upgraded. We didn't spend a great deal of time on the property anyway, we were out exploring Hawaii. For this reason, I wasn't as upset about being put into a room with a horrible view and one that had not yet been updated. The only reason I mention it is for others to make sure you speak up. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. If we get back to Maui, I'm sure we would look into this hotel again, but definitely speak up about a good room...not the Kauai wing! I think the Molokai wing looked even more outdated from the outside than the Kauai wing, so beware. We thought the lei ceremony was very touching, even though we originally thought it was going to be cheesy. Also, I'm not sure if this is typical with hotels in Hawaii or not, but at KBH Maui, you have to pay for even local calls. I had thought most hotels let you call locally for free. I had to make a few calls and just ended up using my cell phone. And one other thing, I was suprised that they didn't have the weather channel. I would have been nice to watch the weather channel to get a satellite view of the islands the night before, especially if you missed the local news weather segment.