We spent one week at KBH for our honeymoon as part of a package deal through Hawaiian Airlines. This was our first time to Hawaii and we had an awsome time. I picked the KBH for its price, value, and beachfront location. We got stuck in the Lanai building and I believe that this is one of the older buildings in the complex. When we arrived we were not greeted as I had had imagined. We checked in and our room was not ready yet. I asked for a free upgrade (as I have read here) but was nicely denied. They finally gave us a room. We got to our room and it had a bottle of champagne, two cheap plastic wine glasses and a letter addressed to a different couple. Obviously this room was meant for some one else. About an hour or so later a bell boy came up and said he was to pick up something but didn't know what. We assumed correctly that it was the champagne. He took the items and off he went, no sorries or apologies. I was starting to get the feeling that no one knew exactly what was going on at this place. A few days later they did send up to us our own set of cheap plastic wine glasses and Korbel champagne. Our room was decent for the price. It definately wasn't four or five star quality but it sufficed. The closet door stuck alot and you had to pay a riduculous $1.50 per day fee to use their small safe. Our TV went out twice and had to be replaced. Their service was prompt though. Be advised: There is no room service at this hotel, also no spa or any of those luxury amenities. Our room opened to the center court area of the hotel. The lanai was spacious and we could see part of the ocean from it. The hotel has only one pool and it is quite small for a hotel this size I thought. One of the benefits of KBH is their complimentary breakfast. It has all the goodies but got old after a few days. Probably the best thing this hotel has going for it is that it is right on Kaanapali Beach with the "big boy" hotels. The beach was litterally 100 feet from our lanai. With the slider open, we could hear the waves crashing ashore at night. I'm glad I did not book in Kehei. This beach is completely awesome. The water is perfect and the sand is very soft. So in conclusion if you are looking for a decent hotel without spending a million dollars, stay here, but if you want the four star treatment look else where. In the end, I was satisfied with KBH, no more and no less. Have a great time!