I came close to giving this a 4 rating based on value. If you love the beach, this hotel and the Sheraton Maui next door have by far the best beachfront in the Kaanapalli Hotel Zone. It has good snorkeling in front of the Sheraton at the Black Rock although its busy with snorkelers and kids jumping off the cliff into the water (which is also fun). The other beaches that I had seen at the other hotels are extremely narrow. The grounds are very clean and the grassy area around the pool is much pretier than it appears in the pictures. The whale shaped pool was fine although rather boring when compared to some of the other ones in the area. I thought the breakfast was good. Same thing every day but enough variety and a good variety of beverages. The location of the hotel is outstanding. Only a 5 minute drive to lahaina. (Definately rent a car). It is also right next to the Whaler hotel with a neat little shopping area. Somehow in the whaler village we ran into a small museum that was dedicated to the old whaler fishing excursions (it was really enjoyable and free) so be sure and look for it (its on the 2nd level. Also, there is a sidewalk that runs along beach to all hotels to the south, from that path you can watch the marriott luau for free. I would suggest that instead of paying for it. Many joggers ran on this path in the morning so no problem if you like to run. When you request a room ask for the newly renovated maui or lanai wings. Rooms are small, but clean and good enough. We met a couple who were in the older wings and they didn't like the room at all. The staff was ok, but not overly friendly. We had one problem. Right outside of our room ( and I mean directly outside our door) during the day, construction work was being done, they were jackhammering the cement walkway on the 2nd floor. Extremely loud. We complained to manager but he passed the buck to the maintenance manager. He left us a message, but they offered no resolution at all. Just tried to evade us and pass the buck. The hula show in the evening is nice although not well attended. This place offers a very good value and the location is fantastic. If you can afford it, I'd stay next door at the sheraton maui, but I would certainly come back to this hotel.