Our overall impression of this hotel was very positive. The staff were very friendly and helpful with our requests. The rooms were clean and comfortable and quite quiet given that the location (in Sultanahmet) was quite bustling, busy and noisy; our stay coincided with ANZAC day and the area was full of Australian and New Zealand tourists who kept the bars open until quite late in the night. However, we seemed very insulated from the noise given our rooms were on the fourth floor. I would recommend asking the hotel to book floors on the upper floors. I would also mention that the hotel had free WiFi throughout the hotel which we found very useful. We booked two suite rooms in April 2011 - our first trip to Istanbul. Six of us were travelling together (a family of four with two young children aged 4 and 8 and two grandparents), so we booked two executive rooms on the fourth floor of the building. One of our rooms was a suite with a separated lounge area which was useful for sleeping the children at night. The rooms were of good quality - although one of them was quite small, and the bathrooms were clean and well decorated. Breakfast was included in our price and was good with a wide variety of foods available - especially Turkish breakfast with vegetables and cold meat cuts. Cooked eggs were available on request. However, it was really a hot cooked breakfast buffet and the breakfast eating area was quite small. We were lucky in that we arrived early for breakfast every morning (our children woke up early every morning) so we didn't have any problems getting a table. But there were one or two other families during busy days who had to split themselves up over two or three tables. The location was perfect. The Blue Mosque, Topkapi Palace, Hagia Sofia and many other of the main tourist attractions were walking distance from the hotel. There are hundreds of places to eat near the hotel or a short walk away, and many places to shop and pick up carpets, souvenirs, pots, plates, lights, decorative items. You can also get to the Grand Bazaar quite easily within two tram stops or a short taxi ride away. The hotel staff were very helpful in guiding us around the city and especially in organising taxis from the hotel to make sure we didn't get ripped off. I would recommend this hotel to people travelling with families since the hotel has rooms that can accomodate families and there were several other families with children staying at the same time as us who all seemed happy with the accomodation. The staff were also very friendly. The only downsides were: one room was quite small although it was a 'suite' with a partitioned sitting area - and the partition was quite thin which meant that it didn't really isolate our children from the noise of the TV or our talking after putting them to sleep. The hotel was described as a four star but I would really call it a 3/4 star by European standards. In conclusion: a perfect hotel for families, great staff and very friendly, excellent location, but probably not a real '4-star' hotel. I would consider staying there again.