The reception area is really small. The staff at reception really works to please (if only the others did.) The room was very large and he bathroom was huge! We had a room with twin beds and still had plenty of room. Lots of closet space! The bathroom had a jacuzzi tub with a shower in it and there was another standup shower also that was huge. The only bad thing about the room was there was no balcony which was requested at the time I made the reservation . Now for the bad! When we arrived the key card holder that controls the lights and A/C was not working properly. My son found that if he jiggled it and held it just so then it worked, soon as he let go everything went off. When we called the front desk they sent someone up. They first blamed in it the fact we had plugged something in that overloaded it. We had not as we had just arrived and everything was still in our suitcases. When he actually figured out that he was wrong he took the entire thing apart and put it back together and declared it fixed (without even testing it). When we put the card in it worked for a minute and then everything went off. He then proceeded to do the same procedure again and once again proclaimed it fixed. Again the same result. He said he would have to replace the unit and I told him that we were going across the street to the mall to get something to eat and would be back in an hour or so but to come in and fix it so it would be cool when we got back. He said he would be back in a few minutes and have it done when we got back. Well, he never returned and it was not fixed 2 1/2 hours later. I called the front desk and they said they would send the supervisor to fix it. Another half hour later the supervisor came and finally replaced the unit after trying to fix it and realizing that the unit was not fixable. Next - when we went to eat we both got sick and when we got back and had to use the toilet found it was not working (would not flush). Once again the ordeal with the workers. The first one came and told us it was stopped up! Actually I think we told him that but it made more sense to him when he told us! He said he could not fix it but would send someone. We waited an hour for this someone and no one ever came. Again I called the front desk and complained. I guess they called "the supervisor" and he came after another hour and "fixed" it. All in all the hotel is a good place, just hope you do not have any problems. If you do remember to ask for "the supervisor"!!