Why was Le Reve so tough to grade? Well, simply because it's hard to say unkind things about nice people. And that's what the people who work here are, nice people. Kind, attentive and would do everything in their power to please you so that you enjoy your stay. Unfortunately, there were some shortcomings that the kindness of the employees couldn't make up for. The food really is mediocre. It's not overpriced, but it's also not up to standard you'd expect from looking at the hotel. We arrived on Valentine's Day and had the special dinner. It was an 8-course extravaganza, but with some very strange dishes being served. A salad dish that I liked to refer to as a "deconstructed Subway" - served on a bed of pickles. A mint sorbet, which was supposed to be a pallet cleanser midway through the course, was so unbelievably minty (think mint-choc chip ice-cream, without the choc-chips) it left me feeling like i'd had dessert and was done with my meal. However, the main course was next and mine and my lady's dishes were both overcooked. A medium steak served VERY well-done and my lamb chops fully cooked, without a hint of pink. You get the idea, all the food was beautifully presented, but of average flavor. In our room, the bed was a Queen, and there wasn't much space for anything bigger than that. We had a beautiful view of the ocean, but the room was directly above the restaurant and we could hear noise early in the morning and late in the evening, which made sleep hard. The noise of the shutters being creaked closed to protect from the ocean breeze each night and then reopened every morning still shrieks through my body... The road leading to the hotel is a dirt track that is in serious need of paving. Everything is fine until you pass the entry big All-inclusive resort but then it just ends and you have to navigate a maze of deep potholes for the final half mile. I would recommend to Le Reve they get this paved ASAP, as they may get more customers from it. Without TV's in the room, if you want to relax and avoid socializing in the evening, you're left with little choices other than reading. There was a small DVD library, but there was a charge of $5 to borrow one for the evening, and they were mainly knock-offs! I thought this was a little cheeky. If Le Reve was a human, I think it would be a small-town beauty pageant contestant - beautiful to look at, warm-hearted and caring about her family, animals and the environment, but a little lacking of intelligence and trying to get through life on looks alone. We like to have freedom to move about and normally stay in a condo down in Akumal, on the beach, so maybe this was a little too claustrophobic for our travel tastes. I don't think I'd come back, but it was a nice enough stay with good weather and very relaxing. It was nice to have a car so we could drive into Playa each day and get some food there.