We stayed in a larger group for several days in this hotel. The overall impression is a bit ambiguos. The whole design is very nice, everything looks stylish. But some staff attitude, the tiny and uncomfortable beds and some other things make it less special. Pros: - Good value, we paid little more than 55/Night for an executive room - Executive room large enough, but propably less the size of normal rooms in other hotels - Nice rooms, nice interior, nice decor, nice style, nice design - Very good location, one can walk to all the bars and clubs around Taksim square; Tram station very close by - Overall the hotel makes a good impression - Rooms were cleaned adequately daily - Spa area with pool was tiny but clean and quite nice; excellent turkish bath - Good and modestly priced massages in Spa - Nicely equipped small gym - Decent food and nice bar with piano music Cons: - Standard rooms are very small and differ in quality. When entering a standard room one immediately stands in the bathroom - Staff at the reception is friendly but very slow. For check-in and checkout you need lots of patience. At checkout the bill had to be corrected and reviewed several times due to wrong bookings (but these were definetely not on purpose). - Also some staff at the reception tends to ignore requests or wishes and just waits until the guest forgets about it (it took 2 days to get hangers in my room, also when complaining about noise I had to wait for 30 minutes and keep on asking several times before I got an answer) - Staff at the bar/restaurant is neither very professional nor friendly nor fast. Simply coffee took 30 minutes, order of a sandwich to my room, nearly 90 minutes) - As the hotel is in a lively neighboorhead with lots of bars I reckon there will be noise in summer until late - They started renovating at 8am in the room next door every day which was very annoying; as we went out a lot I would have been pleased to sleep until late - If you sleep too long, the reception WILL wake you up in any case to ask you when the room service can finally come in...I think this is very rude behaviour - The so called balcony suites are a major ripoff. Yes the balcony is nice and also they have some view, but they are way more expensive than executive rooms and way smaller...they are really small. Also they sell them for 3 people which is a huge joke, as the room is completely filled with 3 beds...no more space and luggage. - Major minus are the BEDS: horribly small (size and length) and very hard and uncomfortable. Stayed in a Radisson Blu after the trip, incredible how much of a difference a bed makes. - Some minor things that are forgiven in a 4 Star hotel but unnecessary nonetheless such as bathrobes with holes or not perfectly clean bathrooms or towels that look like they have been washed a lot and minor traps and beauty mistakes (cables behind TV look very sleazy, pieces of the wallpaper were hanging loose, on some spots some color was missing). Conclusion: I would recommend this hotel for someone who looks for value for money and some comfort in the forms of a nicely designed hotel and nice spa at a very central location. But you should be able to deal with small rooms/beds, some noise and a nonenthusiastic staff.