Just came back from a 4 day stay at Trump, Las Vegas. We had a corner suite which was very good. The shower in the master bathroom had had little hot water and the TV mirror was not working. Both were fixed promptly by the staff. In fact, the entire staff was very accomodating and friendly. Top-notch service from everyone. 5 minute walk and you're at the Wynn hotel. Shuttle buses were available but we never used it because we had a car and took a cab when we knew our outings were going to be alcohol fueled...:-)The room itself was great and we had a fantastic view of the strip. Absolutely surreal at night! Now for the bad. First of all train tracks are next to the hotel and the freight train passes 3-5 times at all hours of the day and night. The train has to blow the horn because it crosses a street intersection next to the hotel....and man is it loud! Mid-morning, late afternnon and anywhere between 3am & 6am. I had to wear earplugs at night but I still heard it and felt the rumbling....and we were on the 58th floor!! As for the pool, nothing worth mentioning. While at the pool, great view of the Encore and Wynn hotels (idea for a future trip). Also, when it gets windy, not a good place to be because unlike casino hotels, you are not surrounded by buildings. It's pretty wide open. We wanted to smnoke cigars and a plaza is available for this. But the plaza is absolutely uninspiring. Found many tiles on the top of the retaining wall have come loose of which I advised the front desk. The overall feel of the outside ammenities is that of a strictly corporate hotel. As for the bar and restaurant, I would not be fair to rate it as I did not use either. Not because they are no good. Simply put...they were uninviting. Very drab, dull and quiet. The good - Great staff, clean, modern and spacious room. Great view of the strip, comfortabloe beds. The bad - Train crossing, pool, bar, restaurant and plaza quite a bit on the dull side. Plaza needs some TLC. This is a good place if you don't want to snake through a casino floor to get to your room. But for any type of entertainement and inviting appeal, go to the other hotels.