Brian, the manager of the Trump International responded to my review. Of course, he is paid to that. But that is the thing, Mr. Brian. Your hotel is a HOTEL not a RESORT. Why do you charge a resort fee everyday? The whole point of my review is that amenities such as internet connection, newspaper even the shuttle you are writing about is included in most high-tier hotels I know like the Marriott. But the Trump is greedy and wants more and more. The internet and newspaper is standard in most hotels without paying extra. It was just the two things that I happened to mention. And then you posted a litany of things that the $20/day resort fee pays for. First of all, unfortunately, except for the internet and newspaper (which I hardly read). I did not use the shuttle because we had a rental car. I did not use the Spa, I did not use or buy at the Shop. I did not use ANYTHING that you claim is included in the $20/day. That makes it a rip-off for me! Okay, I don't get this. You ask me to pay so I could get a discount to go to your shop to buy things at the Trump shop, that give you more revenue. Now, tell me. Why would I do that? And all those things that you wrote down on your post as a reply to my review should be included in your exorbitantly priced room rate. That is why we paid for almost $350/night. The litany of things you wrote should be included in the cost of the room, hence the high cost of the room. My point is that, it isn't enough for Trump to charge $350/per/night. You had to throw in the $20 resort fee on top of the exorbitantly priced room. Just imagine this Brian. I paid $350/per night per room. That is more than $1,500 just for my stay. You're telling me $1,500 is not enough to pay for internet, newspaper, bottled water?The shuttle I never used, the Spa I never used, the swimming pool I never used, the shop I never bought from? Really? That is not enough for the Trump? That is why my review is such! It is exorbitant and a waste of hard earned dollars. And the Trump thinks he can do this and get away with it. I personally do not like the guy Trump either because he is sleazy. And this stay at his hotel just proves it. Imagine that Brian, multiply that by the number of people staying at the hotel every night, 24/7, 365 a year? Imagine these people staying at your high priced hotel each and every day. That isn't enough to pay for the internet? And how about the economies of scale of your hotel? Isn't that enough? From the look of it, IT IS NOT. The Trump, wants more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more and more, more, more, more and more. It is simply greed. C'mon Brian just look at it this way, if you weren't employed by the Trump do you really think this is ethical?