The first time I stayed at The Trump in January 2011 we had a 1 bdrm corner suite, and it was awesome. We had people over for drinks and appetizers, it was easy as we had cocktail glasses, martini shaker, plates, flatware, and other items in the very nice kitchen. There were robes in the closet, and everything was top notch. Well, went back this weekend and things have gone downhill. No robes, even though their literature states that they are in the room, in the kitchen there were hardly any utensils, we had two forks, one butter knife, and one spoon which we discovered when we brought gelato back to snack on late one night. We had to share the spoon. We had one salad plate and one dinner plate, thank goodness we didn't plan on having anyone over or to eat anything in the room. We called down to housekeeping and asked for extra pillows, they came with no pillowcases. We had to chase down the guy and he then brought us the cases. There was a nice holder next to the phone for paper and pen, it was empty. Never did get filled. We had washcloths the 1st day then they took them and didn't replace them the 2nd day, we never did get any again. Bizarre. No napkins with the coffee fixings, which made the washcloth deficit even more noticeable as we could have at least used them as napkins in a pinch. The concierge couldn't have seemed more bothered when I stopped by to tell her that things just weren't up to snuff in our room. She said "So, what? Do you want some robes?" Then she asked if I wanted to have the day manager call me. I told her that I was leaving for the morning but he could call me in the afternoon. Guess who never called? Overall it was a big letdown compared to my first stay, and I'm not sure if I will come back. I do have to say the the valets and the doormen are AWESOME - they are so friendly and couldn't be nicer. It's nice to have a non casino lobby, it is very serene and smells great when you walk in. They need to work on the housekeepers and the female concierege.