We (family of five with three teenage boys) checked in Friday Feb 18/2011. We had two rooms next to each other. Check in was smooth and professional. #1 room had robes, #2 didn't. A phone call to the front desk and robes were provided promptly. Sat morning tried to make coffee in room # 2 with provided coffee maker. Didn't work, discovered that power outlet at coffee maker area did not work. Worked fine in room # 1. Needed to use iron. Iron did not work in room # 1, iron from room # 2 worked fine. As you can see so far is was very helpfull having two rooms. These were minor inconveniences. Went out for the day Saturday, making sure that we turned on the housekeeping required lights. Upon our return at 5:30, we discovered that that neither of our rooms had been cleaned. I called the frt desk which transferred me to housekeeping. The lady at housekeeping was very apologetic, and ensured me that our rooms would be cleaned immediately. We left for the evening, and returned at 10:30. Guess what? Neither room had been cleaned. I called The frt desk which transferred me to housekeeping, nobody answered at housekeeping, so it rang back to the frt desk which transferred me back to housekeeping , nobody answered at house keeping so I was transferred back to the frt desk, which transferred me to housekeeping. Finally somebody answered. I explained that rooms still had not been cleaned. She apologized and offered to send somebody u immediately. I declined her offer as we were all tired and wanted to sleep. She said fine and asked if I would like to speak to a Mgr. I said yes pleas have a Mgr call me. I did not receive a call from a Mgr. About 20 minutes later, a lady (housekeeping???) entered room # 2 and upon realizing that people were in bed she immediately left. Why somebody was entering the room i have no idea. Sunday morning we left for the day, again ensuring that our housekeeping lights were turned on. Upon our return at aprox 5pm, again neither room had been cleaned. As we about to call housekeeping at 6 pm as we were leaving. A knock at the door. Finally housekeeping. Great. We went to see a show. Upon our return. We were shocked to find that only one room had been cleaned. Room #2 had not been touched. Now I'm not very happy. I call the front desk and explain what has happened over the past couple of days and that this would trigger a response of " let me get a Mgr for you" No I got " let me transfer you to housekeeping". I spoke with a lady who promised that the housekeeping mgr would come to see me. A short time later the housekeeping Mgr came. She apologized and offered to get the room cleaned immediately. I declined this as the boys were already in bed and we had to leave early in the morning to catch a Flight to L.A. For the next stage of our vacation. I told we needed clean towels. She returned with the towels and a bag containing about 20 bottles of shampoo and conditioner etc. What I was supposed to with 20 bottles of shampoo? She again apologized and promised to have our resort fees taken off our bill and that she would talk to the Mgr. Next morning upon checkout, the resort fees were still on our bill. The gentleman a the front desk said that there were no notes on our account to indicate that there had been a problem. So I then explained what had happened and what had been promised. He took the resort fees off. I thought that this would have prompted a " would you like to speak to a Mgr" But no, i was told that I would be receiving an email survey,and that I should address any concerns through the survey. I received the survey, which does not allow enough space to make much of a comment. I did express my disappointment in my stay through this survey. Thus far I have not had any response from Trump Hotels. By the way I left the 20 bottles of shampoo behind.