I attended a trade show in Las Vegas and selected the Trump Hotel for location and the room rate. I had problems from the start with reservations as they sent the confirmation to the wrong email address. I spent over 20 minutes on the phone then trying to confirm my reservation. There is no casino in this hotel which was terrific for my situation. The room was spacious, with a fridge, sink, cooktop and microwave. The sole restaurant is ridiculously priced but the Fashion Mall is close by which gives you more options. The hotel is located off of the strip and by itself. The night before I left, after staying there 4 nights, I came to realize from reading a little card with my room key that there is a complimentary shuttle that would take you to the strip. I saw no other mention of this during my stay. This is the best kept secret as no one mentions this, not even the concierge. It would have been nice to have known this upon check-in. The hotel is clean and the room is nice but I did have some trouble with housekeeping. They ignored my "housekeeping" light that was on for at least 12 hours. I came back to the room to find they didn't make up my room. It took almost an hour on the phone with the hotel operator and housekeeping to get some towels. They did offer to make up my room but it was 1:30 AM and I just wanted some clean towels at that point. There are several little details that needed to be attended to that I was constantly calling housekeeping for: hangers, pen and paper, etc. It is also a little bothersome to hear the train which seems to be nearby. If you want to be in the midst of it all, well located on the strip, this is not the place to stay. In my case, I had a room rate of $89 which worked for me. Additionally, these Las Vegas resort fees that are not mentioned, yet added to your bill are just a way to increase the room rate. Access to the fitness center, "free" internet, water and coffee in the room, are not free...they are covered by this additional resort fee of $19.95 per day.