The room we had the first night had a broken makeup mirror and a broken sink stopper. We didn't say anything that night. The next morning, the toilet also backed up. I called downstairs, explained all the broken issues and said that the toilet fix was urgent. They said someone would be up within ten minutes. That never happened. Forty minutes later, I called again. This time someone came up quickly and fixed everything. However at this point, we were fed up and wanted to leave. I went downstairs to speak with the manager. The manager looked into our reservation and said because we prepaid through a travel agency, he could not cancel and refund the balance of our stay. He generously offered us a $100 food & beverage credit and an upgrade to a corner suite. The corner suite was spectacular with many views of the strip and of the desert all the way out to Red Rock Canyon. Unfortunately, all the lampshades were broken and two light bulbs were out. We mentioned the light bulbs. They were never replaced. Another annoying problem was that there were very, very few outlets in the suite. In order to both plug in my laptop and have a surface on which to place it, I had to unplug a phone and move the dining table and chairs. The first day, the wi-fi connection seemed spotty so I got an ethernet cable and used that. (Either costs $11.99 per day.) That seemed to help. However on the day before we left, when I tried to connect using the ethernet, I got a message that the Trump server was down. The same thing happened when I tried to use the wi-fi to connect. I called downstairs and was told the IT guy was not yet in. I was told I should call Cox, Trump's cable provider, to deal with it. The LAST thing I am going to do when traveling is to kill an hour or more dealing with the hotel's internet problems. People should also be aware that there is no self-park at the Trump. You must use the valet and when things got busy, there were long delays in getting the car. With cool temperatures and very cold, very high winds, that got uncomfortable. At least Trump provides free shuttle service to the Strip and to the shops at Caesar's Palace. Other annoyances: a glass of regular, white wine at the bar costs $15.00. A 20-ounce bottle of soda at the store, (there are no vending machines), costs $3.00. Thank goodness for the fridges in the rooms, because at those prices, people were stuffing them. By the way, if you have a Strip view, you WILL hear the train, night & day. On the positive side, the people are nice, the hotel is very clean, the hotel is smoke-free, the rooms are spacious and the beds are comfortable.