My wife and I made a special trip to Las Vegas for good times with friends and to take in a show. Upon arrival around midnight at the hotel, we asked if we would like to upgrade from a standard room to a roomier corner suite with view of the Strip. We don't usually opt for an upgrade of this type but decided to treat ourselves. We arrived at our "uprgrade" to find that the suite had never been serviced and was littered with trash, dirty towels, and used room service items. A quick call to the Front Desk brought a promise that someone would come up to quickly meet us with new key cards and move us to our new room. The minutes ticked by as we sat in this unkept room, and I finally called down to the Front Desk again. After 20 minutes (now 12:30 am!) the Front Desk Manager met us, apologized, and moved us to our new room. He offered to comp the first night's upgrade, which was honestly the least he could do in the circumstances. Having worked in travel industry for 15 years, I would have comped the entire upgrade given the situation. Of course, the new room didn't have the view we had been promised when paying for the upgrade and in fact was fully exposed to the horrific train noise you will read about in multiple reviews. This despite the fact that we were on the 47th Floor! NOTES: The shower in the master bath did not drain property and ensured that your feet enjoyed a dirty water and soap scum frappe during and well after your shower. The large glass doors used to enter the toliet and to a lesser extent the shower are not unwieldy, but downright dangerous. This is especially the case when you are trying to step up or down entering or leaving the shower with wet feet. Lawsuits waiting to happen...or perhaps already happened? There is no minibar in the units. The full kitchen is not well stocked with glassware and plates. The well-heated pool and fitness center were quite nice. We found the doormen, valets, housekeeping, and room service service staff around the property to be friendly and helpful. In the end, while we would like to give a lukewarm recommendation, there are just too many other solid establishments in Las Vegas for a traveller to roll the dice on the Trump.