Just got back from our trip to Las Vegas. I was looking forward to a leasure stay at this hotel after a Death Valley trip. Well, the hotel is nice, BUT: 1. We got in the shower and the water was running very slow, and the shower head was comparable to a motel shower. It was hard to wash off soap. 2. The bathroom glass door is very heave and it has about a 1/2 inch space between the end of the door and the floor. When I was opening the door I hit my toe very close to the nail, and let me tell you, it hurts, a lot!!! A simple piece of rubber or plastic over the button of the door would have done the trick. (the next day, my husband had the same problem 3. Minor thing, but would not expect from a 5-star hotel - a toilet paper holder was broken, so we had our toilet paper on the top of the toilet all the time. 4. Resort fees: when you sign the paper at the check in, they say it is $15/day, but they don't say that there is also $1.80 tax on top of it. Not a big deal, but when you stay over couple of days you get not so nice surprise at the checkout, so heads up would help. 5. Food: We wanted to order in-room service of sandwich or soup ( I was sick the whole stay, so could not get out of the room). When we calculated , the price for the chicken noodle soup would have been $9 + $5(service charge) + 18%(tax, gratitude).... My husband got downstairs to take it from the restaurant to avoid ridiculous fees, and the menu in the restaurant was completely different from the in-room menu. On the other hand. Staff was very helpful ,cleaning service was nice and cleaned the room good. The bedding and the towels were nice and fresh. Rooms were very clean. Kitchenette in the room is also a nice feature. We had a city view, yes the Santa Fe train comes by from time to time with a load whistle, but it was not a big problem, and the view from the room was nice , not actually a city view, but more of a mountain view, very beautiful. Would I stay here again - maybe, but only if they admit that they are 4 star hotel.