I stayed at the Trump because it was great rates for the size of the rooms they offered. I was very pleased with the rooms and the cleanliness. I thoroughly enjoyed the huge jet spa tubs and the big showers inside of the master bedroom (I stayed in the 1 bedroom hotel). It was also very convenient to have another shower in the bathroom located in the living area. Having the bedroom and a seperate living area with a kitchen was amazing! The location of the hotel was not far from the spots that I was planning on going - XS at the Encore (right across the street, walking distance) and Lavo at the Palazzo ($6 cab ride). And there is the Fashion Mall right across the ways which was very convenient to run and grab make up I had forgotten to pack. Of course there is no casino here at the hotel so it is a lot more quiet. I'd say it is a great place to stay with your family since the rooms are big and there is not any gambling and drinking going on at this hotel. The WORST part about staying at the Trump was the service. I tried to call in 3 times the morning of check out and was placed on hold each time and anytime anyone did answer, they would just put me on hold again - like they didn't know who to transfer me to. I ended up having to go downstairs to check out. Also, I tried to call Valet before I came downstairs to have my car brought up so it was ready right when I got out, but no one picked up at Valet either. If you are big on room service and needing attention from staff, do NOT stay here. Our group got by since we were really only staying there to sleep in the room and playing outside the hotel, but if you are looking for a place to stay where you want to stay within the hotel the entire time for their entertainment and amenities, this is NOT the place, go somewhere else! Overall, I'd say it's a good bang for the buck if you are on a budget and want a comfortable and clean room. Also, I'd have to add that the additional $16 that they charge for the fitness center and pool is BS. I didn't even use those amenities and still had to pay!