This was my first time in vegas and I needed an extra night at a hotel before I met up with the rest of my group at another. I wanted to try a 5 star hotel just to see if it was worth it at this destination. I got a great deal at $75 a night through priceline. Now I read about the resort fee and it was way cheaper than others (Planet hollywood charges a hotel fee but if you want to use their pool they charge an additional $25.) Turning onto the hotels street you can see the fenced up property of where the "casino" may be built. the road behind is a bit scary I wouldn't suggest anyone walking at night. There is only valet parking which is annoying I don't like to give control of my car to anyone, plus that means I have to take everything out because I can't access my car when I want to. Service: The valet attendants are rather nice, but again they are expecting a tip. The front desk was horrible. Their fake politeness irritated me. Having dressed properly it was interesting to see the change of attitude when they found out I booked through priceline. I found that rude. No help on giving me any directions or information about the hotel. They rushed me through to get to the next person inline, only one person. The pool attendant ignored me maybe because I appeared younger. I had fun at the pool with a nice couple I met there and neither party new where the towel drop off was. The concierge attendant was genuinely polite, she even printed me directions to a best buy near the hotel and asked if I needed anymore assistance. Common areas: The hotel appears small compared to others in the vicinity. Online I was intrigued by the "gold" hotel only to discover that the mandalay and the mirage are have gold reflecting windows as well. The lobby was nice, but I have seen hotels in Hawaii with nicer decor. The pool are was decent. i loved the music playing from speakers, which caters to a younger crowd, and the landscaping that blocked the strip. I felt like I was not in las vegas and I liked that. The pool was nicely heated but be warned the deepest area is only 4 ft. I needed to do some aqua therapy which could not be done. They offer in water benches on both sides of the pool. Room: I was in studio facing the city not the strip. First, the room size was amazing! My room was actually quite I was up late and didn't hear any trains and I was on the 18th floor. I loved the mountain view in the morning and it gave me an idea of what traffic was like. I could see circus circus, and the stratosphere. I appreciated the dual entry way that kept the hallway noise at bay. Now the closets were european style so to me they were average. It is very contemporary. I personally love the color scheme, same as my homes. They provide coffee table books and a tic tac toe wooden game. Easy check out from the room via the TV. The two water bottle equal one average water bottle. The flat screen TV appeared cheap. My bed seemed rushed. I could see the sheets popping out below the bed frame. Oh not to mention there was a giant blood stain on one of my pillow cases!!!!! one of the lamps didn't work properly it wouldn't turn on until I wiggled the cord. Now I agree with the others, the bed was comfortable! I have a bad back and was very grateful that I woke up with out any aches. The stereo works with any ipod so bring it along =) there is a stove, microwave both are convection. The sub zero fridge is a good size. Note Target, albertsons, best buy, and other stores are not too far away at all, just near flamingo and maryland street. Bathroom: Now that bathroom was nice. The tub was huge! being only 5'2" I almost drowned because I put too much water in it and kept slipping. There are three jet modes. I am not a tub person. The shower had good pressure, but no seating bench. This is hard when you are trying to shave your legs. There was noticeable lime residue on the shower head. The complimentary shampoo, conditioner, facial soap, and lotion were excellent. Toilet paper was hard and cheap. They provide a vanity mirror with 10X view and lighting which I really appreciated. The hair dryer that was provided had great power didn't take long to dry my hair. The cord for the tv in the mirror is visible so it ruins the illusion of a magical tv. Down fall to that is the shower glass. If it was only clear I could have watched tv while letting the hot water relax my muscles from my travels. My total came out to roughly $100 for the night and besides the rudeness and the stain, I'd say it would be worth it especially since it is a smoke free hotel. Now pay anymore than that better be sure you have a kid in diapers to make up for the costs (great kid amenities, baby warmers, free diapers, etc). PS. self-parking is free at almost every casino so invest in renting a car and save money. My parents always travel to vegas and driving saved our feet they said I saved them over $200 in tip and taxi fees. check out that newspaper for events and deals on the strip. Lots a great free things to do in vegas.