I've read some of the other recent reviews, and agree with much of what I've read. Your perception of the Trump will largely depend on whether you want a casino in your hotel, and how quickly you want to be able to reach the Strip. We liked it that the hotel was non-smoking. We booked the Trump through Priceline. I think we paid about $142/night, including taxes. When we arrived, we learned that there is a mandatory $15/night "resort" fee that they tag on. Priceline would not let me cancel based on this; the release I initialed apparently mentioned the possibility of resort fees. Live and learn! In any event, once you added on the resort fee, the price was not outstanding. The front desk 'upgraded' us to a room with a view of the Strip. Our room was on the 51st floor. We had the impression that the hotel was largely unoccupied during our stay, and felt that the hotel must be losing money and trying to conserve a bit. As noted by another recent poster, the concierge was lacking. We called down to inquire about free roulette and craps lessons (they are at the Venetian at 11 for craps, followed by 12 for roulette). The concierge said she would call us back; she never did. The room itself is lovely. I was happy with the bed; my sleeping partner felt it was too soft. There was no option of queen beds in the rooms - each room has a king bed with a pull out sofa. The nicely-decorated rooms have a ton of storage space, two large closets (with two nice fluffy robes) in-drawer safe, ironing board w iron, lint brush, extra blanket, coffee maker (with only caf coffee - the nearest coffee shop is about a 10 minute walk), blender, microwave, fridge, range, kitchen sink, wine opener, utensils, dishes, etc. It would be a great place to make lunches/breakfasts, if only we could have found a grocery store in Las Vegas. :) Ice is available on every floor. The bathroom is very nice. Shampoo, conditioner, lotion, 2 bars soap, shower cap provided. No shower gel, no sewing kit. When I needed a sewing kit, housekeeping took about 45 minutes to bring it to the room. The shower is lovely and large. The toilet is in its own room. 2 sinks on the vanity, and lots of storage. Ample towels. I did peek into the business center. They charge for internet service - by 15 minute increments. And there is a charge to print documents, except your boarding pass. The pool area is lovely. We enjoyed the large double-lounge sofa chairs. The pool closed at 6p, however. We wondered whether this was part of a "conservation" effort to reduce costs. Other reviewers have noted an issue with the location of the hotel - about 5 minutes off the Strip. 5 minutes is a long walk on high heels. :) Yes, you can cross the street and cut through Nordstrom into the Fashion Mall and then figure your way out and over to Treasure Island, but it is certainly not a convenient location. If you want quiet, then you might enjoy the hotel. For us, it was not convenient. Also, when one of us wanted to rest or sleep, the other had to go back to the room - there was no option of remaining downstairs to game. Walking alone in the middle of the night past the empty lot does not feel secure. Moreover, there are not sidewalks on the entire walk to the Strip - at times you must walk in the road. We did not use room service, the restaurants, or the bar, so I can't comment. You might enjoy this hotel if you are looking for a lovely non-smoking hotel without a casino, with okay service, that is a short heavily-trafficked walk off the strip. For us, it didn't fit.