My husband and I travel twice a year to Vega and usually stay at the Wynn, Encore, Palazzo or Venetian. This time we decided to try out the Trump. While the hotel is very clean, modern and priced right the hotel's location is very poor. First the pros: Clean Nice rooms Food is decent Beautiful bathrooms Cons: Location Resort Fee Train NOISE starting at 3:30am I had read some of the reviews regarding the train noise so when I made the reservation I informed the agent of my concern and he assured me he would reserve a quiet room for us. If what we got was a quiet room I am afraid to know what a regular room is like. At 3:30am, 4:30, 5:30, 6:30 (you get the point) Sunday, Monday and Tuesday mornings the very LOUD train noise sounded like it was next door. We were on the 36 floor facing the Wynn hotel which is what they qualify as their quiet room. I went to the front desk and complained only to have the very nice lady explain to me that she couldn't do anything else because I was already in a quiet room. She went on to mention that this is a known problem and they are working with the city to see if they could get the train to stop blowing the horn when it passes literally on the side of their hotel. Now I knew why they were so accommodating and lowered the price to $89 when I made the reservation. While we were given a rate of $139 on Saturday and $89 on the other days once you add up all the dumb fees they tack on you are better off staying on the strip for $129 - $140 per night. They tag on a $15 resort fee to use their pool, spa and two 4oz waters they provide nightly. Now they tax you on the resort fee and the room rate (two different line items on your bill) just not worth it. One last thing to consider. The hotel is off the strip not a huge deal because the walk is not too far. However, at night the street that you must walk through to get to the hotel is very, very dark and the sidewalk is not paved so if you are not wearing sneakers you are in trouble. Most importantly, it is not a safe street. You have cabs, cars, and shuttles flying by especially at night and since no lighting exists you can easily get hit by a car. One night when we were walking back to the hotel we saw a couple nearly get hit by a shuttle. It was very scary because no one even saw the shuttle coming. They drive like maniacs on this street.