My husband and I stayed at Trump in April... While I was happy to upgrade mid trip to the casino-less Trump, I was dissappointed by the lack of ambiance and distiction I was expecting from the property. I am big on customer service and already was miffed by the "mandatory" resort fee...like other reviewers I felt that if its mandatory then why not just add it to the price of the hotel room daily rate? But more than that the fee didn't cover anything other than free shoe shine and two mini bottles of water a day and parking (which is free EVERYHERE on the strip)....not incld were internet access, wifi, business center usuage etc. GO FIGURE. I found that ridiculous....also RIDICULOUS were the room service prices (eggs, 2 sausage links, toast and hashbrowns were 26 dollars + 18% grat + room service fee + tax) The building which puts you in the mind of a park avenue condo building, also lacked the charm of having a staff that made you feel warm and welcomed like you were arriving to yur home destination every time you walked in the door... they were drab, impersonal and made you feel like you were bothering them by askign a question. The security features of this hotel are fantastic however. I appreciated the security camped out front of the elevators that checked for room keys...I appreciated the seperated area where you could answer the door without giving access to your room. I appreciated the inability to get your car without verification of ownership. what I didnt like was that you cannot call down for your car, the hotel lobby while casion-less is devoid of ANY activity, it was so dead, there was not light music being played, there was no activity at the down stairs bar/lounge area where one would typically come in a potentially be enticed to have a glass of wine and relax and chat with guests before retring to your room. There was nothing....the place was so BLAH. The rooms however were SPECTACULAR. Very spacious, very comfy, very modern (the tv in the bathroom mirror was a treat) marble everywhere etc...what was missing... the freebies that we all coem to expect and enjoy that we find tucked away in our rooms....although the lender ROBE made up for it a bit...that robe was worth the $125 it cost to take it home!!!! Unfortunately the housekeeping staff was lack luster...they don't show up until after the afternoon??? Also there was a room down the hall where room service trays and garbage were elft out for a day and a half and no one came to pick it up...YUCK... Needless to say I expected much more from a 5 star Trump property...they still have much work to do in my opinion