There is no way for me to find fault with the look of this gorgeous hotel. The lobby, bar, and restaurant are over-the-top and well decorated. The rooms are spacious, and the bathrooms are massive and exquisite. It is just a lovely place to stay. The spa is relaxing and the service AT THE SPA is stellar. I had a wonderful, relaxing massage. My host was very polite. My facial made my skin glow. I did have a pedi, which was adequate enough. The extra little touches found at the spa seem to be missing from the salon. I had the breakfast buffet in the restaurant each morning, and the food was very good: omelettes to order, thick bacon, ripe fruit, and happy pancakes. The service was not even close to 5-star. There was a LINE to check in. Hire more desk staff, PLEASE. The waitress at the bar was awful - it took SO LONG to get each of our rounds it was laughable. Now, they staff was not rude at all. They spoke to us politely. They just weren't good at their jobs. There is a $15 resort fee. They really need to just add $15 to the price of the rooms, and stop lying to people about the fee. It's not like it's an optional fee, so in my mind it's just a way to force you to pay more for your room than you agreed to at reservation. It does not pay for anything. You have to pay $22 a day to use the facilities and you have to pay for parking. A half bottle of water does not cost $15. I never received a newspaper, which is another item they claim the "fee" pays for. I would be less upset about the "resort" fee if I wasn't treated like an idiot by being lied to about it's purpose. Let's also be honest about the fact that a 5-star hotel is supposed to include these things, not charge extra for them. Lastly, this hotel is far removed from the strip. I know that you have to take cabs everywhere in Vegas, but sometimes it's nice to look out and see the goings on - or step outside and walk the strip a bit. You certainly can't do that from The Trump. All in all, I would choose another hotel despite this one's beauty, because of the resort fee - service issues and the location would reaffirm my choice.