I was in Vegas with one of my girls to celebrate my 29th birthday! Im a frequent traveler to Vegas and enjoy the excitement of the city. Even though I am not a gambler, I like the entertainment that casinos offer. The Trump Hotel doesnt have a casino so there livelihood of the hotel is suffering. But the positive to that is not having to navigate your way through the casino to make it back to the room after a long night out. The lobby is attractive and smells wonderful. As others have stated, there is a $15/day resort fee for the use of the pool, workout facilities, etc. I did not use those amenities but still had to pay for them, which was ok by me but I would have preferred for this charge to be included in the cost of the room and not a surprise when I check in. The room, a one-bedroom suite was nice and cozy. The kitchenette was convenient and the bathroom was huge. I expected any room I got in Vegas to have a choice of one king or two queen/double beds but Trumps one bedroom suites only come with one queen bed and a pullout sofa. Needless to say this was a little disappointing for me and my guest but since I got my room through Priceline, there was nothing we could do about it. Another disappointment was the noise of the train and its loud horn. It comes through around 1 am, 4 am, and throughout the day. Making your way to the strip is not as convenient as other properties. You can go through the Fashion Show Mall instead of walking down the partial sidewalk or take a taxi. A taxi ride to Caesars Palace (Forum Shops) is about $10. There is no self parking but you can easily park across the street in the Nordstroms, but unexpected for a 5 star hotel. The staff was ok for the most part. One evening my guest forgot her key to the room and the security would not let her up. They told her they always have someone to check the guests who use the elevators to ensure they are guests of the hotel. Strange, we were there Thur-Sun and that was the one and only time we saw anyone checking for room keys. The only onsite restaurant, DJ T, was ok. There are much better places on the strip to eat. Trying to get a taxi, dont rely on the hotel staff. We were not ready for the maid service when they came Saturday to clean the room. Youre instructed put the housekeeping light on once maid service can come back. We did so at 1pm and left the room to go shopping. We returned at 5pm and the room was still not cleaned. At 6pm we called in a complaint and requested towels to be brought up. That never happened. We showered again and left the room at 8:30pm with the maid service indicator still on. We arrived back to the hotel @ 3:30am and our rooms keys would not work. We tried to use the phones in the hall to have staff come bring us new keys but the phones did not work so we had to go downstairs to get them. At this point I was very disappointed in the Trump and expressed my concerns to the manager. He offered to upgrade our room but we were checking out in a few hours so there was no point. The only other thing they offered was to waive the $15/day resort fee. The last disappointment I encountered was an e-mailed reservation confirmation for another night at the Trump Hotel and the charge for $99 plus tax! I was shocked since I paid for my stay Thur-Sun on Priceline. I called the hotel, spoke with management and they refunded my cc for the charge of the extra reservation. Needless to say, I will not be returning to the Trump Hotel.