A friend and I booked a "5 Star Hotel", for $79 per night, through HotWire. Unlike some, who have done the same, and expected the Venetian, Palazzo, etc., we figured it would be the Trump. We were correct. The hotel is nice. It is clean, and certainly stands out, with it's sparkling gold color, in the sun. The rooms are nice, and certainly not a typical hotel room. I don't think, however, that the hotel warrants 5 Star status. Upon check-in, you are hit with a $15 per day fee, which is called a "resort fee", and includes use of the pool, the fitness center, and receiving a newspaper (of which you have several choices), in your room, each day. I do not agree with this fee, especially since it is hidden until check-in. Most 5 Star hotels include such services, for no additional charge. I was disappointed at being charged this fee, after not receiving the newspaper during our first day, and finding that the pool was drained, and down for maintenance. How do you charge someone for "use of the pool", knowing that the pool is drained, and down for maintenance. The hotel is noisy, at night, due to the train, and I believe, also, the monorail, which is probably the "whistling" noise that some describe. The train and monorail run late at night, and early in the morning. If you are not a hard sleeper, it may cause you issues getting to sleep. The location of Trump, is not really on the strip, even though it is advertised, on HotWire, as being "central strip". It is a good 5-7 minute walk, to get to the strip. It also involved a walk down a side road, with no sidewalk, which can be dangerous, considering there is traffic, especially at night. Not safe for anybody, especially children. We had no problems with room service. Our room was cleaned both days, of our stay. The bar at the Trump has a very nice staff, and great drinks. Definately try it out. We did not try the restauraunt, but the menu is limited, and pricy. It also isn't a menu that would appeal to children, if you stay with children at the Trump. We had no problems with the staff, but our check-in, and check-out was a bit cold. We were not met with a very "welcoming", and "glad you stayed with us", type of attitude. More of a, "here are your keys, this is your room", now be on your way, at check-in, and a "here is your bill, now be on your way", at check-out. Considering the "5 Star" rating, you would expect to be greeted at check-in, as though you are appreciated a little more, as well as thanked at check-out. It wasn't as though we were treated rudely, but it just wasn't a warm, welcoming attitude, that you would expect at a 5 Star hotel. In the end, I can't say I wouldn't recommend the Trump, but I think you would have a better experience, and stay, in the heart of the strip, at other hotels - where you'll actually spend less money. The last time I was in Vegas, I stayed at the Monte Carlo, which was much cheaper (especially when considering no $15 "resort fee"), and very nice, as well. It was actually, "on the strip". The Trump is also a place of residence, as many of the condo's, and rooms are actually owned by people. I think this may play a part in not getting the full "hotel" experience that one might expect. It is also, because of it being a residential building, that it doesn't have a casino. I am not a gambler, and didn't mind this. Others may enjoy this as well. For the typical Vegas traveler, however, the Trump can seem a bit removed from the typical Vegas atmosphere. In the end, I guess it all depends on what you are looking for.