I stayed at the hotel for 9 nights: 1. The rooms are not soundproof. a) on my second night I could hear a couple arguing LOUDLY in the evening on my floor, in their own room (not in the hall). It went on for at least an hour and the front desk was called by another person on the floor; b) if there are children staying at the hotel, you can hear them - running and screaming in the hall and in the stairwells (while you're in your room) early in the morning; c) people can hear you have loud sex at 3am. I don't care that you're having sex. I care that it's 3am. 2. Realistically, it's a step up from a hostel. It's clean and people are friendly, but don't count on things like an alarm clock or an actual bed (the mattress sits on a metal frame). My bed squeaked every time I moved. Nor should one expect a closet (there's flimsy storage along one wall - shelves / rod with hangers). 3. The bathrooms are tiny but bigger than the ones I've experienced in London (UK). My shower didn't close properly and leaked. Nevertheless, the housekeeping staff cleans everything up by 1pm and you have a clean bathroom with fresh towels. 4. There are no 'do not disturb' signs for when you want to sleep in. 5. the breakfast provided was not my favourite (croissant, savoury rolls, cured meats, cheese, 2 types of cereal, hard boiled eggs some days, coffee from a machine, orange juice and yoghurt), however there are few options available in the vicinity with most places opening at 10, if not later. 6. AMAZING location. Steps from las ramblas, the boqueria, two metro stations and plenty of history. There's a bakery a few doors down, great restaurants near by and the Carrefour express is only a couple of blocks away on las ramblas for simple groceries like water and snacks (I wouldn't recommend the Dia grocery across the street from the hotel, they don't have the best selection) 7. Again, really great, friendly staff. The front desk people spoke english and french so it made my stay easier. Also, the housekeeping/ kitchen staff spoke english. Other: free wifi in all of the rooms and a computer in the lobby (free use). I would recommend this hotel for a shorter stay.