While pleasing in appearance, this very "Key West style" hotel is not for someone who wants to taste Key West. It is billed as a waterfron hotel, which, I guess is not inaccurate in that you see water-just not access it. What stands out about this Singh group hotel is it's miserliness. There is no mini bar, no bath robe, no slippers, no smoking ANYWHERE on premises, no vending machines, no real beach, no room service. Should I continue? Oh, no real resturant , and a bar that stays oopenn until 8 pm. Even the lobby closes at 11pm. If you want to get something to eat, you have to go to the Walgreen's next door. Ditto for smoking. There are complimentary shampoos, conditioners, etc. in each bath-however the bars of soap are miniscule. Only one telephone, next to the bed, and as this hotel boats cottage style accomodations, on 2 levels, it is difficult to have to run into the bedroom when the phone rings, from the living room. What stands out the most, however is the lack of dining facilities. You are a good 20-25 mminute cab ride from all the action on Duval street. That being said, the horel has a snack bar/bar by one of it's 4 pools. Open limited hours, it's menu features on the most basic offering, paninis, dips, chhips, etc. Breakfast is very limited too, if you can get someone to actually wait on you. Expect, yogurt, bagels, fruit, oatmeal. I found it a very spartan menu, not what I would expect from a hotel with 5 stars. The 4 pools are clean and not crowded, however, the towells provided are actually thread bare! You could acttually see through them. Also intresting was that your room was cleaned every 4 days. Trash was emptied daily and fresh towells provided if you ask. Cab service was at a snails pace, even when you placed an order for one in advance.The price was quite fair, considering what you get for your money. Would I return? No. Would I reccomend it to friends or family? No Not unless you just want to kick back and lay by the pool, and order in pizza from across the street. I booked a "couples" massage for my son and daughter inlaw, and was taken aback when the masseur arrived solo and gave one then the other a sports massage. Not at all what the description insinuated. There is no spa, so I have no idea what the photo showing a hot stone massage is intended to mean.