First of all, as indicated on the internet photos, Parrot Key is a beautiful resort with brand new 3 floor condos , 4 pools and beautiful plant life throughout. It has the potential to be a great resort, but still has a lot of work to do. Most of it being with management and staff training. We arrived on a Saturday, and checked into our 2 bedroom house at the front desk. The front desk staff was young, and simply gave us our room key and pointed out our room ona resort map. We were not told of any of ther esort ammenities, water activities, workout room, guest laundry room, on-site cafe. Most of these we discovered on our own throughout our week there. The rooms are beautiful. Brand new with a good set up, spacious living area, nice rooms. My room was on the second floor, down the hall from the master bedroom. My main complaint is that my room had no windows, just two doors that opened onto the back desk, which had no deck chairs. I was looking forward to sleeping with open windows and an ocean breeze, but couldnt since the doors had no screens on them. Also- the air in the condo cannot be controlled within the unit. It is set at a standard temperature by the facility and the AC kicks on when necessary to reach this temperature. Frustrating since we would have liked to keep windows/doors open and enjoy outisde air instead of AC. Also- the third floor media room is a bit awkward. It can be used as an additional bedroom, but we never went up there, except to see what it was. It has a full bathroom, and a we discovered on day 4- houses the iron and ironing board. There is a gaming unit there, but no games. I assume you would have to get them from the front desk. When we arrived, we found several empty cases of beer on our back deck which had not been cleaned after the previous tenants. Otherwise the unit seemed to be in clean condition. The kitchen is sparsly furnished with very basic kitchen needs, so as long as you only need it for small food/meal preparation, it works fine. Also- they do now provide hairdryers in any of the units. Surprising since my mother didn't bring hers assuming there would be one there. Luckily I had brought mine or else we would have had to buy one somewhere. The housekeeping staff was inconsistent, our biggest complaint is that they do not knock and announce themselves but simply use a key card and just walk into a condo. Many times we were sitting in the living area having coffee or breakfast in our pajamas and a housekeeping would just walk in on us. There is a 'do not disturb' sign to put on the door, but a simple knock would have made us much happier. Also- they did not always replace towels/soap/bathmats in the unit. Most days we found they removed a towel or mat without giving us a new one. They also do not give you any kitchen/dish towels (we used a bathroom towel) and always start the dishwasher, even if there is only a glass in it. The location is mediocre. It says its a waterfront hotel, but that just means waterview. There is no access to the water (which is a sal channel) except at the watersports dock where you can rent ket skis or kayaks. It is next to a Walgreens & liquor store with a WinnDIxie Supermarket & coffee shop & small shopping plaza across the street, which is convenient. We walked across the street for coffee, bagels or other grocery needs in the mornings. It is about a mile and half from the downtown area, so you will need some sort of transportation. We walked downtown the first day, which was fine, but we realized we would not be able to do that daily, or each time we wanted to go out to eat. Taxis are limited and you need to call ahead to have one pick you up on the island. Electric cars are popular to rent, but are expensive. We rented scooters to get around (we were all comfortable driving them) which we the best option. They are easy to get around on and downtown has free scooter parking areas (electric cars have to use meters). The best parts of the Island were: Duval Street, which is entertaining to walk down at any time of day. There is always something going on and people wathing is so fun. I had the best cheeseburger at an approprately named open-air restaurant called Cheeseburgers (the island favorite- with pineapple and avocado). Visit Alonso's Oyster house on A & B Marina between 4 & 6 pm for half price drinks and appetizers, a great deal and huge selection, we made whole meals of it. We spent a day on the southernmost beach, which was beautiful. $5 for chair rental for the day and the staff brings around free treats like popsicles, strawberries etc. We also went to the Buttefly Conservatory, which was an amazing experience. Hundreds of butterflies and birds flying all around you. Absolutely beautiful. On our last day we made sure to do a water adventure and sailed with Danger Charters for the afternoon. We picked a kayak/snorkel/sunset trip which was awesome. We sailed, not motored through the ocean which a max of 20 passengers (as opposed to some of the larger companies who pack up to 100 people on a boat. The guides were great and knowledgeable, taking us kayaking through Mangrove island, and snorkeling through the shallow crescent where we saw lobsters and sting rays. We sailed home with free beer, wine, fresh fruit, chips & salsa and great company. Highly recommended. Overall we absolutely loved Key West. Theres something for everyone and all sorts of people there. Parrot Key is a beautiful resort and a great option if you want lots of space and a full kitchen/multiple rooms with bathrooms. Just be aware that the guest services aren't quite there yet. We had a lot of trouble getting a late check out, none of the employees really seemed trained to handle any of our questions and kept telling us the manager (Tina) would call us to confirm, which she never did. Kyle- the assistant manager was less than helpful and very short with his conversation with us. The resort is impressive, the staff and management, disappointing, but the atmosphere of the entire island more than makes up for it.