I just returned from my March break trip (1 week) to Tres Rios at Playa Del Carmen. This was my first time going to this resort but I have travelled to Mexico many times in the past. We had previously attended a timeshare presentation for this resort before they had built it. I am glad I didn't buy into it. First, let me mention the NEGATIVES: - Our reservation was completely messed up. We were promised a 2 bedroom suite and complimentary Swedish massages for everyone in our party (6) during our stay by the booking agent at the resort (we had hard copy proof of this). When we got there, we were told that we could not get the promised room and were instead given 2 junior suites for 6 people + baby. In fact, they said they had no record of any of the promises that were made to us. We provided the proof of our reservation and they even talked to the booking agent we had booked it through (and she admitted to giving us this deal), yet we got no where with our arguments. The front desk manager (Jorge Nolasco and ?Jose...I can't recall his name)) was for the most part unhelpful nor sympathetic to our problem initially (he eventually came around but we still did not get our promised room). I must mention that we were not the only ones with reservation problems as there was one day when there was a long lineup of vacationers outside the managers office waiting to discuss reservation errors. In my opinion, this resort has a problem with communication between the various departments. One hand has no idea what the other hand is doing. They really need to get their act together on this. - The beach is a huge letdown. No one ever swam in the water as it was very muddy looking and unpleasant. The river side of the beach was more calm and amenable to snorkelling and canoeing. However, the snorkelling isn't very good as there are very few fish to see and the water is contaminated with debris from the plants below. If you want to go to a beach, take the shuttle to the sister resort (Fisherman's Village) for a day...there's a fantastic beach there. - The entertainment is incredibly dull and boring. If you want a completely dull, yet relaxing vacation then this place might do. But if you want any form of entertainment, this place just does not cut it. The entertainment that was provided was boring and tacky. They had a few dinners in the conference hall with live mexican bands that struggle to keep you entertained (barely anyone showed up for the dinner nor actually danced). There's also a random Michael Jackson tribute that just doesn't fit any theme. This place is boring during the day and gets even more boring at night. - This resort could benefit from providing more frequent service during busy times. For instance, during a packed March break week, there should be more shuttles to 5th Avenue (shopping/entertainment district) and Fisherman's Village while also providing more frequent snorkelling tours (only 1 per day!!). We found it difficult at times to book activities as there were limited spots and were often booked way in advance. Now to the POSITIVES: - Service in general is great. Right from the beginning, our bellboy (Ivan) was great and very patient. He moved our luggage himself from room to room as we were sorting our room situation out. He was also very informed and gave us a lot of advice about the resort, etc. The dining staff are for the most part good as well. By far the best waiter we ran into was Francisco at the asian fusion restaurant. He's the guy you want serving you every night as he's lively and really knows the food well (I think he used to be a chef). Room service is quick and pleasant while the housekeeping staff are extremely hardworking and creative. You certainly won't find it difficult to keep your hunger and thirst satisfied as staff are everywhere offering to get you a drink or bring you food (even by the pool and beach). Our VIP concierge guy (Luis) was also fantastic as he was always on the ball and helped take care of our issues. He also arranged for our massages and helped book our trips and activities. - We eventually got our complimentary massages and boy were they relaxing. The staff are very professional and provide helpful recommendations. - The food at the a la carte restaurants are generally good. Much of the menu items have an interesting Mexican twist to it so it's a nice break from the norm. I highly recommend trying all the restaurants during your stay. The buffet...well, it's a buffet...nothing special. We mainly had the breakfast buffet which has all your basics such as eggs/omelettes, bacon, sausage, some form of potatoes, etc. Room service is available 24/7 and the selection is decent and tasty. - This place is certainly clean for the most part. It is well maintained and kept and staff work hard to keep it like that. OVERALL: If you want to purely relax and do nothing during your vacation, then this is the place (minus a nice beach to swim in). Great food and good service, clean environment and far away from any form of rowdy activities. However, if you want a nice beach to swim in or to be entertained in any way, then look elsewhere. Be weary of your reservations and always carry hard copies of what you were promised during your vacation as communication between departments at this resort is lacking. Hope this helps.