We stayed at the Hacienda Tres Rios for the first time last November. I must say, the hotel room was amazing -- we had the family suite through my parents-in-law timeshare which consisted of a huge living/dinning room off which are a master bedroom suite (king bed, sitting room area, Jacuzzi bath) and a second bedroom (two queen beds, sitting room area). In addition, the room had three full bathrooms. Everything looked very new, tv's were all flat panel, etc. Now for the food. For an all inclusive resort, I would say the food is what one might expect. Not great, but not bad either. So far so good. Now the things we didn't like about the resort. The pool. Looked very nice and there was always plenty of seating. However, it was really cool, primarily because the nearby fresh water from the close by underground rivers are used to maintain the water in the pool. Such a shame, because my daughter and wife simply decided not to use the pool itself. The beach. Not much to say here, except the ocean water is full of dark stuff (seaweed??) and so you really don't want to go in the water. This presented more of an issue for me, because we found the swimming pool too cool to enjoy. Also, the beach itself, while it looked like white sand, was rock hard underfoot so not nice for the kids to play on. NOW THE WORST -- the timeshare scammers. As soon as you check in there's pressure from the concierge, the check-in people, basically everyone to go to a timeshare presentation. They couch it in terms of an orientation presentation, although it's pretty clear what they are trying to do -- sell timeshares. In fact, we weren't permitted to check-in until we sat through 30 mins of one of the concierges trying to convince us to attend one of the presentations. Later that same day, my parents-in-laws checked in and agreed to go to the presentation even though they already own a time share with the group operating the hotel. They were told that they would receive "IMPORTANT" information about their current time share. During the presentation they were pressured into agreeing to upgrade their timeshare into a "fractional ownership" by which they were told they would have part ownership in the property. That was a complete lie. When I reviewed the contract, they had been duped into signing a contract for a timeshare exactly the same as they already had except the annual fees were considerably higher. They also duped into giving up their previous timeshare as part of the "deal." The only reason they agreed to this was because they were told they would be part owners of the property and so it would be a good investment which they "guaranteed" would quadruple in value within two years. Clearly, the contract bore no resemblance to what they had been told they were purchasing. Luckily under Mexican law, all time share contracts must have a clause by which you can change your mind within 5 days (i.e., to revocate the contract). We immediately did that for my parents-in-law, following the instructions within the contract exactly. Within 15 days of that, the timeshare company (Sunset Group) was required to return the deposit. Guess what -- that didn't happen. Luckily, the deposit was made by credit card, so they were able to dispute it. However, since November, the Sunset Group has been pestering them for the money threatening the use of a collections agency. My Advice -- PLEASE PLEASE do not let yourself be scammed into purchasing a timeshare at any of the Sunset Group Hotels (including the Hacienda Tres Rios). If you are inclined to buy a timeshare at one of their resorts, do yourself a favor and look online for others trying to sell theirs -- they cost considerably less than buying direct from the hotels. Also, don't believe them if they try to tell you that what you're buying is an investment or some sort of fractional ownership in the property -- it simply is not. Oh by they way, I confronted the management and asked them put in writing that they would buy back the timeshare for the "guaranteed" amount they said it would be worth in the future. Surprise, surprise they would not.