We stayed for a week at HTR a year ago. I am writing this review as we just booked a return trip. Between our first trip and now, we have stayed at other resorts in the area. We now know our way around, up and down the coast and are looking forward to coming back, this time, to HTR for a second time. There are a few things we learned on our first visit to HTR that will prepare us for our next trip...and may be helpful to others who visit. I would say the first trip was really a good overall experience. Now that we have been to HTR, and have learned a few things the hard way about the place, we are hoping for a better vacation and overall experience at HTR. First trip: we checked in and were taken to our room without our bags. We were told they are on the way. One hour and two calls to the front desk later, they had not arrived. We went to the lobby to see our bags unattended by the door. We grabbed our bags and went back to the room. We wanted to get changed and get outside...not wait for our bags that may never have shown up! Next trip: we will hold on to our bags! Keep a firm grip and elbows out! First trip: the nice girl that showed us our room identified herself as our personal concierge. Then she pressured us to sit in on a time share presentation. She seemed hurt when we told her we just want our bags (see above), get outside and begin relaxing. After more pressure for a time share and more refusals, she asked if there was anything else she could do. We requested more hair conditioner and bottled water. She never did arrange more water or conditioner. Actually, we never saw our "personal concierge" again the rest of the week. This trip: be firm about no time share. It is our vacation. We are not buying a time share. One little push from them gets a bigger push back. First trip: surly guy that is in charge of pool towels. Did I say he was surly? He really takes the towel count seriously and is quick to blame you for a lost or damaged towel or towel card. We did not lose or damage a towel, nor did we lose a towel card. However, it is a bother, when on vacation, to be reminded of this several times each day. This trip: we are actually packing some of our own towels. Kind of silly to do at at all-inclusive, but it will get us out of dealing with surly towel guy. First trip: food was overall very good. We did enjoy local fruits and many good dishes. Some of the entrees did get a bit redundant, particularly the shrimp, which was the only seafood available during our visit, unless you paid a ton of money for the "lobster dinner", or attended a time share, where one of the gifts was.....a "lobster dinner". Apparently the shrimp can only be prepared one way. It was good, but got tiresome the third time around. It was not until later in our trip, faced with shrimp the same way for the lousyeth time, that we were informed that they could do some special items for us that were not on the menu. This trip: we tell them what we want if it is not on the menu. First trip: The beach is not the greatest in the area. As the name would imply, there are a few rivers that all empty near the beach. The water is a bit murky and the beach a bit more eroded than others. The area off to the left and down just a few minutes walk seems to be someone's special trash dump. Someone should go in and clean it up. Maybe it will be clean by our next visit. The area off to the right leads to other resorts, nicer beaches, clear water and no trash dumps. Other resorts we have stayed at in the area, we have seen sea turtles and beautiful fish just off the beach. Not really happening at HTR. Next trip: Maybe someone will read this and do something. Otherwise, we will avoid the trash off to the left and venture down the beach to the right. Last trip: We were placed in a handicap room. We do not require such facilities. The room was located on the ground floor where everyone goes to and from the main areas. It did get a bit noisy at times. We did have people hanging out in front of our room smoking and we had dishes left at our door a few times. This was all on account of where our room was located. We were told the only other rooms available would be an upgrade that we would have to pay a ton more money for. Next time: we will be more choosy about the room when we first arrive and get it sorted before we unpack and settle in. First trip: Drink service at the beach was spotty. Service got bad to non-existent when they were setting up for events. We just eventually gave up and went to the bar and got our own drinks. Next trip: We get our own drinks if it seems like the service will be the same as last time. First trip: The touch screen system was malfunctioning. This affected using internet through the system and we were unable to order room service through that system as well. We were told they were working out some issues and we could order room service by phone. Next trip: hopefully the touch screen system is sorted out. If not, I will not waste a minute feeling silly trying to make it do something. Pros: -Many individuals really seemed to care about us having a good time and enjoying our stay. -The room and the hotel overall, except as described above, was clean. -Nice little goodies on our pillow each night. -The entertainment was very good. Much better than other resorts we have stayed at. It was not nightly, but it was very entertaining. -Coffee shop was nice. Good quality coffee, nice little treats. Friendly staff. You may be surprised at how other resorts miss the mark on coffee. -Plenty of fresh tropical fruit. Again, you may surprised at how other resorts miss the mark on this as well. Why come to Mexico and not have a nice bowl of fruit? HTR seems to understand! -Good quality cocktails and ingredients. Top shelf booze freely poured. We are the type that would prefer to enjoy a quality drink, not guzzle several cheap ones. Thumbs up to HTR. -Nice walk on property to cenotes. -Brick oven pizzas and calzones by the pool. Cons: As described above. -Avoid time share like the plague. Unless it is your thing. -Less than optimal beach and ocean at this location. -Surly towel guy in his towel czar hut giving you the stink eye with his surly towel beady eye.