My boyfriend and I just got back from staying at H3R for a week. We went down for a friend's wedding that was at a resort 40 min away. We shoulda just stayed at my friend's resort instead of H3R but we were pulled in by a marketing call that offered us a much lower rate in exchange for attending a timeshare presentation. In the end, we did not ending up saving much in comparison and could've avoided the whole timeshare fiasco. Check in: When we got there the room was not ready but we were an hour early for check-in. They let us go to one of the restaurants and we had a meal at the buffet. The food was sub-par. Definitely not 5-star, I could get this at any of the buffets back home that I tend to avoid anyway since buffet food is dry after being left out too long under the heaters. Our concierge, Maria was nice, but then again she had to be and kept reminding us that we had a meeting the next morning for our presentation. The front desk had a trainee who was super apologetic for the wait, we only had to wait an extra 20 min after eating to get our room. The room: The room is gorgeous!! And after having stayed at our friend's resort for wedding for a night, the H3R room and resort in general far outclassed it. We got a Junior studio with two queen beds, no jacuzzi. The bathroom was the size of the 3/4 of the room and had the best shower I've ever been in. Beautiful and large and luxurious. However, the bathroom did not have a fan and so after a shower, of which we took many, you have to leave the door open to let out the humidity. The beds were so comfortable, my boyfriend and I completely dozed off everytime we got on them and had some of the best sleep of our lives, and we are difficult sleepers. The 500-thread count sheets felt heavenly, but I did spy one or two holes in the sheets, the bathrobe and the comforter. The down comforter had feathers that every-so often would poke out. TV had english channels as well as spanish and we didn't lack for movies to watch. We had a room in the 3000's but it was situated right outside the main floor and near the entertaining area across a cenote, so at night you could hear the entertainment if there was any. Also, you could hear everything that was going on in the hallways at all times and in the rooms adjacent to us. Soundproofing was horrible. One morning just before heading out to the beach, they decided to fix the tiles in front of our room, it was so loud I thought they were tearing down the next room! Whenever we put up the sign to get our room cleaned, we would come back to a perfectly made room during the few hours we were gone. We left tip for the maid each time. Internet connection was shaky, it would often cut out. But it was enough for my bf to get some work done. Yes, on vacation but we didn't pick the time period. There are computers in the coffee shop, but you need to insert cash or a credit card. Food: The international buffet, like I said was mediocre. But my boyfriend kept wanting to go there. I loved the Asian restaurant, the beef was cooked to perfection. The Italian was decent, my food was pretty good, I had the grilled seafood and my bf had the risotto, which he hated but I thought wasn't so bad. One of the nights was mexican night, it was rained out so they moved it into the buffet, the food was decent but definitely not 5-star. I tired the Caf de Paris, the coffee was not something I'd ever have again, it was worst than Starbucks coffee and made from the kind of espresso machine I have at home. The pastries were hit or miss, some were great and some not, depends on your taste. Lots of times, kids would be hanging out in there or in the computer room next to it watching TV, it seems that besides the pool, there wasn't much for kids to do, and many families brought kids along. We loved the pizza place outside near the adult pool, service was friendly and prompt. One of the raccoon-like creatures kept coming to me to try to get food, I was scared it was claw me with its long claws but my boyfriend would throw pizza crusts into the bushes to make it go away or our friendly waiter would come shoo it away. The creature's name was Pancho, according to our waiter. Cute but a bit too friendly. Service: we tipped all our waiters about 2$ each meal, and they appreciated it but never acted like we had to. All wait staff was friendly, we never had to wait long for our food. We had silver bracelets on (will explain after) but we noticed that no one was treated differently no matter what color bracelet you had on. Everyone had the same service, I was keen on observing treatment at all tables and everyone was treated just like us. Casa Las Islas: we had breakfast here with the salesperson the day of the presentation. Nothing special, regular breakfast buffet with an omelette station and typical breakfast fare. Nothing outstanding. We had drinks at the Sports Bar, they have a pool table there and karaoke night there that some people seemed to enjoy. We had pretty good drinks at resort, I don't know why one lady said the drinks were never cold, ours were always iced and refilled promptly whether at the restaurant or by the beach. We never tried the Mexican restaurant since we went to Mexican food night. We did room service 3 times due to laziness, the food wasn't as good as what you could get outside the rooms. I recommend getting food in the restaurants as much as possible. If you do get room service, the Norwegian salmon for dinner and the breakfasts are great. Service was prompt and very friendly though. They aren't good about collecting our plates after, but a quick call and they come fast enough. If you leave your plates in the room, teeny weeny ants appear and start crawling around wherever you leave and food or drink. They are nowhere to be seen if the plates are gone though, never saw them in the bed or suitcases etc. Food poisoning: we are not sure where we got it as we did not stay at the resort the entire time, but we did get food poisoning and spent a good amount of time in the bathroom. I had brought along some anti-diarrheals but needless to say, some food or water somewhere did not agree with us. Timeshare presentation: If it weren't for this part, we would've had a much more enjoyable time at the resort. We were stuck from 9:30AM to 3:30PM!!!!!! with our salesperson. He was pushy but not unfriendly, all the salepeople treated us decently, but probably because we agreed to buy. SOOOO stupid, I know!! Even after I had read all the reviews here before going, it came down to us being so tired after the long day and our salesguy's non-stop pitch that somehow we convinced ourselves that it was a good deal. It did sound like a good deal. But after signing, and getting our hot pink bracelets traded for silver, we went back to our hotel room and read over the documents, it was then that we realized that we could not afford the deal. Even though it wasn't very much to pay, I'm going back to school soon and so we'd be down to just my bf's income. So since we had 5 days to cancel, we handwrote out two documents about canceling the contract. THE VERY NEXT DAY, we went back to the salesroom and had the contract canceled. We expected to have to fight, but the manager was very courteous, understood our situation and although he tried to bargain down the price even further, freeze the deal for 2 years and offer us another trip down there for a bargain price, we refused. We got a refund receipt on our credit card and a contract saying we cancelled the whole deal. The manager was very understanding but did ask that we give a tip for the waiters. We gave 3$. Then we left and for the next 5 days were never bothered again. Although we kept an eye out for the concierge and the salespeople, afraid that someone would treat us badly or come try to sell to us again. My credit card company says the refund won't be in for another 2 weeks, and if it does not come in, to send the refund receipt and the contract cancellation and they'd block the resort and get us out credit back no problem. Bottom line, just say no if you do not have the money and are not interested. We were stupid, period. One couple we talked to upon leaving said they were only in the presentation for 2.5 hours, said no and were outta there. Bracelets: Our salesguy said that people were treated a bit differently depending on their bracelet color. I was keen on watching people, and no one was ever treated any differently depending on their bracelets. Even though we never went back to get our bracelets changed. There were bracelets of all different colors on everyone and we saw people with our old pink bracelets getting the same service from the same wait staff as us. Tours: We only had time after the presentation to do a kayak tour. We were the only ones on the tour, it was great except I forgot the bug spray in the room and got bit 13 times by mosquitoes. My bf and the guides did not get bit once. It was fun, our first time kayaking and we were horrible so it was hilarious the entire time. Our guides were awesome. On the day we left some ladies were going around trying to get people signed up for bike tours, senseadventure tours etc. We saw people on other tours, it seemed like a fun for those with kids on the bike tours. Pool: Towel service was quick. Drink service on the beach was good. The family pool has three jacuzzis with different temps marked depending on how hot you like it. I loved all three. Both pools were huge and beautiful and I swam in both. Beach: Like all reviews, it was not swimmable. Black water and a bit cold. But if you walk further down, you get patches of clear water,. We still did not go in. I went to the beach in Playa del Carmen one of the days (20$cab ride each way, you do not need to tip the drivers) and the beach there was great, blue water, white sand. We also went to Tulum on a fun tour zip-lining, rappeling, bungee-jumping and snorkeling in an underwater cave tour (we loved that day), the beach by the ruins is the most perfect beach. Clear blue waters, soft white sand and not many people, but we were limited on time during the tour and could not go into it save for a few pictures of us getting our feet wet. Besides the day in Tulum, day in Playa del Carmen, two days at our friend's wedding, we were not at H3R for many days. Mostly there to eat, and we sunbathed by the beach which had wonderful beach beds and beach chairs. We noticed that people from the resort next door, Blue Bay kept wandering over to our beach to use the beds and the chairs. Airport transport went smoothly, no hassle, no wait, no crowds. We never went to the spa, had no time. Or the gym. I wanted to do the yoga classes offered each day but we never made it to one. Overall, besides the timeshare stupidity, we could've have a much better time. 5-star rooms and service, 2-3 star food. Wish we had time for more of the tours and activities. If we had only stayed at the resort though, I think we would've been too bored and could've saved more money and hassle staying elsewhere.