My husband and I went to Hacienda Tres Rios for a wedding, but stayed a little longer to make a full vacation out of it, as this was our first time to Mexico. Here's what I liked: - The resort was very quiet, there weren't any fights at the pool or beach for a place to sit under an umbrella, like I've seen at other resorts -The beds were super comfy, the shower was nice, and the rooms overall were clean & pretty - I LOVED the beds on the beach! My husband and I took a nap there every afternoon. They were surprisingly sand free and comfy! - The resort staff is super friendly! They were there all the time so you get to know them by name; Gregorio was my favorite, as he always knew which drink I wanted before I even asked for it! Customer service is wonderful! - The wedding they put together was organized, beautiful and they seemed very accommodating to the bride and groom. - The grill out by the pool had excellent food (the ceviche is a must) and the pizza grill was also great! - There is an adult pool and a children's pool. This was fantastic! Plus the pools in general were very nice, also clean. Here's the Bad: - If you're looking for clear beach water, this is not the resort for you. As said in previous reviews, the beach is covered in mangroves which makes it look "dirty". But with just a short walk, it is clear. - The third night we were there, our a/c went out in our room at 3am. (Some of the people we were traveling with also had this happen during their stay a few times). - The food at the buffet leads much to be desired. I actually lost weight on vacation b/c I didn't eat any of the dessert b/c they didn't really have any that was appetizing. I also got food poisoning one evening at the Mexican restaurant. In fact, we ended up ordering room service every evening we were there (chicken quesadilla and chocolate cake) b/c we never got enough at dinner. Overall, we would go back, but I think we'd like to try out a different resort near the area. Not that we didn't like Hacienda, its just that there are so many to choose from! It was a lovely vacation, you can't go wrong with going here, but do your research first!