Upon entering for the first time you are greeted by a concierge that promised to match what ever I had been given by any timeshare presentation i was offered there and collected my free vouchers I was given by there competition. When I was ready to go to the attraction and get the tickets I actually had to pay $36 each. Their answer was "you just have to pay for the buffet" When I got there I found every hotel offers the same discount and it was impossible for the 3 of us to eat $108 of breakfast and lunch in a Mexican amusement park. I was scammed the moment I walked in the door. The junior suite was quite junior, like a Marriot hotel room. The beach is a mess, it is not polluted but just a swampy mess compared to the other beaches. The explanation they give for this is they are an eco-park. And they must abide by regulations that do not allow for artificial removal of the marine life that live in the floating mess in the surf and on the sand in front of the property. The location is far enough from town (20 min) that it is inconvenient to go into town everyday where you can find the good food and the $25 an hour massages. (I got 6 hours in 3 days) I ate at 4 of the 6 food establishments on the property and they were mediocre at best but the price was like I was in Aspen. It was $17.50 for a hot dog at the pool. $8 -$9 drinks like a Vegas pool. $150 for 3 at the Italian restaurant. The spa has Beverly Hills prices. Although I hung the privacy sign on the door each day, for some reason the maid ignored it and changed the linens and turned the bed down each night. Once we were nude in the tub and 2 other times I was sleeping. I suspect it was to refill the minibar in hopes I would burn through a few hundred in high price mini bar treats. The time share presentation was miserable also, it was supposed to be 90 minutes but as soon as they found out I had an excursion scheduled for 2 hours after the meeting started they canceled it because they new they would trap us there for 5 hours. This was my first time to this area of Mexico, it was quite a bit different than the more primitive trips I have taken in this country and even Cabo. It is a tourist trap, literally. You are bombarded with "representatives" making grandiose offers that are too good to be true, and everyone has their hand out trying to get your money one way or another. My best experience on this trip was the scuba diving in Cozumel, take the ferry over and check that out. Also diving and snorkeling in the Cenotes was not to be missed. Get yourself a Lonely Planet guidebook or similar and see the natural wonders not the Disneyfied man made parks that are not as exciting as the brochures make them out to be not to mention how overpriced they are.