I was really looking forward to coming to this resort, but, all in all, was a little disappointed. With this place, I've concluded that your experience will be dictated by what your expectations are. With this review, I will try to point out who is likely to enjoy (or not enjoy) this resort, because I definitely think some will love this place and some won't. I happen to fall somewhere in the middle. First, the positivies. The grounds and buildings are spectacular! Everything was clean and "easy on the eyes." The rooms were spacious, had large showers, and our room had a nice hot tub on the balcony. The pools were also very nice and clean, though it did feel a little crowded at times, but not too bad. The "common areas," like the lobby, entrance, etc. were very well-done, too. It was also very easy to get around the resort--the layout was designed well. The free excursions were a lot of fun, too. Swimming in the cenotes, kayaking, biking, etc. were well worth the time. Now, the "neutrals." The food was hit or miss. I thought the Italian restaurant was very good, as was the Caribbean Night buffet by the beach. The Parisian cafe was a nice treat. The breakfast buffet was hit or miss and the Asian and Mexican restaurants were below average. The grill by the pool was decent and the pizza oven was very good. As you can see, I'm all over the board on the quality of the food. However, in reading others' reviews, I feel like this is a pretty accurate description. The service was also average. At times, it was very good, but when a waiter loses your order ticket for a pizza and you have to wait two hours to get your lunch, that was a bit of a disappointment. Also disappointing was the fact that there was no steakhouse. Being a "meat and potatoes" person, I was disappointed in that. In fact, I actually lost weight on this trip! The negatives. By far the biggest negative of this resort is the beach. Very big disappointment. We found out why, though, on one of the excursions. The mangrove trees in the area release a reddish-brown "ink" into the water as a defense mechanism against predators. As one person in my group said, it's like looking at chocolate milk wash onto shore. So, if you want crystal clear blue water to swim in, do not come to this resort. I had heard from another guest (and have read in these reviews) that there was a shuttle that would take you to one of their sister resorts in Playa del Carmen, where the beaches were a lot nicer. When I asked someone at the concierge desk, they said that was only for people who were interested in taking the "timeshare tour." So much for that. Another big disappointment was the spa/gym area. They were basically in retrofitted guest rooms. It was very odd. In summary, the following people will probably really like this resort: --People who mostly want to lounge by the pool (and not the beach) while on-site. --Those who want to explore nature nearby. --Those who like a more laid-back, quiet atmosphere (i.e. not a lot of loud music and drunks carousing around in the middle of the night like at other resorts I've been to) --Those who like a more compact layout (i.e. not having to walk a mile to get from Point A to Point B). Those who may be disappointed: --People who want to have a beautiful beach on-site. --Those who like to use spa/gym facilities. --Those who want a lot of nightlife on-site. --Those who are "picky" eaters. Would I recommend this place? I'll go with a tentative "yes." But like I've said, it really depends on what you're looking for. I hope this helps.