We booked our stay at HTR with The Registry Collection and we were promised a week of relaxation with many added services. This property was described as a #1 LUXURY based property...... Needless to say TresRios is not a luxury-based property nor is it relaxing at all. From the time we arrived and they did not have our name on the reservation list until the day we checked out it was a true nightmare. We went to be pampered and enjoy new opportunities; such as VIP concierge service, butler service, onsite yacht club, included tours and use of non motorized water sports at no additional fee. We were excited about having daily transportation to Playa del Carmen, spa services, and most excited about the VIP rooftop lounge and jacuzzi area. The lounge and VIP area that was included and advertised was NOT ready for access. The shuttle service was available at no charge for all guest, non motorized water sports are available at no charge for all guest, yacht club (as stated onsite of the description page from you guys) is one hour away, and you must pay an additional tax or service fee on yacht, massages, horse lesson, and rental car, which is suppose to be included in the 300.00 dollar a day per person fee. Many of the amenities offered in the exclusive club package are FREE for all guest....which leaves us paying extra for nothing! Another feature promised at check in was priority seating at dinner. Our butler would make reservations for us, yet when we arrive they would tell us that the resort did not offer priority seating. We would wait just like others for and hour or so when we were suppose to have a perk of priority seating. It was VERY embarrassing to be told in front of many other guest that they do not have reservations and they do not know who would tell us that. When we arrived for the spa service we had 4 individuals in our unit so all four were to receive a massage at no cost (included in package). They refused to do two of us and were very RUDE in front of others about doing a complimentary massage. The spa as well is incomplete and not a world-class spa. There was no locker room area for changing or relaxation room like others properties on your list. Very poor spa service and area for relaxing! We had all saved up money to return to the spa throughout the week but after the unwelcoming/rude service we did not return back into the spa. The butlers were often unavailable due to having to cover other work areas of the resort. They did reserve us a beach bed each day we were onsite but after the morning we did not see them again, unless we went into the main lobby where they had to work for others. They tried hard to assist in many ways but they are expected to do too many other things. Shakira our VIP concierge assistant did not follow through with anything she was suppose to schedule or do for us. I went to her on Sunday with a weekly list of about 5 events/activities/transportation needs. She scheduled two items while I was with her and assured she would have the rest on Monday morning. Needless to say I had to return several times including the day of each event to ask had things been handled or did we need to get assist/cancel plans. She did an extremely poor job with helping and offering ideas of things to do while on vacation on or off property. I did not feel like it was my place to go see her each day to confirm the job she was doing. Many of the individuals working at this property are poorly trained or friendly. The service was very inconsistent....one night we would have turn down service on only one bed and then the next night no turn down service. There was never a night where each room was consistently the same after returning from dinner. Many nights/days it was not even tidy (cleaned) from morning breakfast or evening dishes. We had to ask for individuals to come get our dishes or bring clean towels, etc. Our 2 bedroom unit the first night (5003) had a MAJOR leak in the closet and no one even asked about our personal belongings or if things were wet or ruined. They asked us to change rooms, without offering assistant or as much as bringing us the key for there inconvenience. We had to pack up, go get keys, move luggage all without any offering of help. The thing that bothered me most was that NO ONE ever asked about how our clothes and shoes were.....needless to say several new shoes were soaked and clothes too. We then moved to 5203 which was the same unit just a few floors up on Sunday. The hot water did not work most of the time and the safe was broken. We had to call twice (and visit the front desk) and it took them 14 hours to send someone to change out the safe. NOT one day the entire week did we all 4 have a hot shower. It was cold/hot cold/hot..very uncomfortable. I have never taken so many hot showers especially having to pay a total of 9000.00 plus dollars for the week. We put in 3 work orders and each time they would say to turn the shower on, get out, turn the sink on, then get back in and turn the shower on again. It is not my idea of a luxury vacation to get in and out of the shower (which is cold) to get hot water. This is a resort problem! We had an invasion of LOTS of ants on Monday and called for them to come spray and about 45 minutes later and ants all over the room they finally came up to our room. The problems that occurred were mostly due to poor service, lack of caring, and unwillingness to help. The resort has many problems that should have been worked out after being open over a year. Most employees are expected to do too many things and not very well trained for the job they are doing. The food at this resort is NOTHING like the food at our properties you guys have. It was more buffet than anything and was a minimal selection each night. If they had a resort event they would close down the restaurants and you would have to do room service or the event food. The hacienda grill was open most of the time and fairly good food. We are not alcohol drinks and to get a tea refill was extremely hard. Many nights we had one glass and requested more but never received them. Not very impressive in the food category! When we went down to get the new room keys after the leak, we returned all 4 keys and they would only give us one key due to being short on keys. I did not feel like that was my personal problem but it because my issue. I returned my old keys so why should I be penalized for their lack of keys? Another things that really bothered me was that the resort offered fine dining arrangementswhen I asked our VIP rep she would not reserve anything to that nature because she thought we should do the chef dinner in the kitchen. I explained to her it was a 37th wedding anniversary and it needed to be only the two of them but she would not agree to help with arrangements. I later asked her if we could plan a dinner or event offsite for the anniversary but she said she would have to get back in contact with me. After checking 3 days in a row I gave up. They were there to offer help and assistant to us..,..that is what we paid for right? After booking with The Registry Collection we were expecting a VIP vacation....because that is what we were promised. Yet it did not happen. The resort is in no way a LUXURY based property. It is great for families traveling with children for a safe and fun environment but NOT good for a luxury based travel experience.