Just got back from 8 days at Hacienda Tres Rios with my husband and teen daughter. There was some good, some not so good- nothing really major, but this is a very mellow resort- not alot going on. Thanks to everyone who writes these reviews, I was pleasantly surprised when, upon arrival, there was absolutely no pressure to do a time share program. Our room was not ready (it was 1 PM) so we were sent to the buffet for lunch and told to come back at 3. When we arrived back at the front desk at 2, our room was ready. It was not the oceanview room we paid for, it faced the mangroves- very unattractive, but we were too tired from waking up at 3 AM to make a fuss. That being said- the room was exactly as pictured on the website. There was no "Pillow Menu" but the beds were very comfy. The resort was immaculate- but we found out the Mexican President was arriving in a few days for a opening ceremony- so it seemed to us that the level of cleanliness and care went down a bit after his departure. In the beginning of the week there were maintenance people cleaning the water in the "rivers" and oiling the wooden walkways constantly. As for the food- the breakfast buffet was great. Lunch at the pool was also very nice. You can order from your lounge chair from either the Grill or Pizzeria. We never did the buffet lunch. Poolside service was more than adequate. We were on the AI plan and found that tipping the waiters assured us of incredible service for the entire week. Dinners were a disappointment after reading the rave reviews from other travellers on TA. The Italian and Asian restaurants alternate in the same small space- the Asian restaurant was awful- Italian was OK. Problem is that there are no reservations, and a very limited number of seats so if you aren't there at 6:30 ther can be a wait of 1- 1 1/2 hours for a table. The Hacienda Grill was also very good. The Mexican restaureant was very accommodating- they made our daughter quesadillas that were not on the menu, and had an interesting selection of "real" Mexican dishes- but I could pass on the Mariachis playing Hey Jude. The dinner buffet was not good at all. As for activities- we went snorkelling, bicycling and kayaking in groups. They were well organized and well run- just remember your bug spray. There were hobie cats on the beach that were available and were a lot of fun. The beach was the funkiest (not in a good way) beach I have ever visited ANYWHERE. The water was brown and disgusting due to the rivers emptying . If you walked 100 yards north, the beach changed and the water was clear with velvety sand- but there aren't any chairs there. The pools were immaculate and well staffed. There were activities such as water polo and beach volley ball but no pressure to participate. The pools were the perfect temperature- not to warm and not too cold! The adult pools were not adults only, but we didn't have a problem because we stayed at the family pool- it was at least 10 degrees cooler there due to a breeze off the ocean Evening activities were, to be kind, pathetic. Maybe it's because we are New Yorkers, or just that we have been to alot of other AI type resorts, but there was NOTHING to do before dinner . We like to relax with a cocktail before heading into dinner, but there is nowhere to hang out- the lobby bar opens at 11 PM after the "show". As I mentioned- you have to eat early to be guaranteed a seat, so if you are done eating at 8, there is nothing to do until 9 when the"show" starts. Milissa- a singer- was worse than a bad Vegas lounge act. The fire show was interesting for about 5 minutes. The Mayan Experence was the best - but then again, compared to what? They have a casino night that is cute. Karaoke was karaoke. We spent most nights in our room watching Star Wars on TV- not real exciting... A Staff photographer is around on all activities taking photos which are available for purchase at outrageously high prices. They charged $220 USD for a disk with 25 photos. $370 USD for a disk with 50 photos and there was no negotiating with them. How many ways can you spell RIP-OFF??? All in all, a relaxing, but boring vacation. Would we go back? To PDC, yes, to H3R, no. Next time, it's back to Paraiso Maya!