BUT THERE ARE SOME VERY POSITIVE AND UNIQUE FEATURES TO THIS PROPERTY WORTHY OF CONSIDERATION. Like everyone else tuned in to TA, my wife and I spent the last few months reading all the exciting reviews and we were very much looking forward to our trip to HTR. Based upon the overwhelming majority of reviews, awards and accolades bestowed upon the property, (by the hotel itself and others) we concluded that our Honeymoon experience at HTR would be a slam dunk success and had little chance of not being an off the hook out of this world positive and rewarding experience. We dismissed all the naysayer timeshare traders griping about the all inclusive fees and those that found the black sea weed at the beach as a problem HTR should be responsible to correct as just complainers who would never be happy anywhere. Well it just goes to show how wrong you can sometimes be. Just because you read it does not mean its true. First a little background, to put this all in to a better context. My wife and experienced world travelers and I am a part time travel agent. We have stayed in properties ranging from the standard Motel 6 type to the finest 5 star all inclusive resorts. From our experience, though it may be different for others, we have found that the most important factor in what our ultimate experience ends up being is if the property expectation ultimately is consistent with what you experience in person. In other words, the sizzle, the self serving marketing hype and self serving awards aside, did the property deliver the service and product it claimed it was going to provide? If problems were encountered in real time at the resort, did the resort address the issues and do the right thing on the spot not apologize later. We strongly believe that though there were some positive and unique features not found at any other properties in the Riviera Maya, HTR delivered more sizzle than steak and though they talked the talk, the bottom line is that they are not delivering the product they describe, nor did they make it right or offer a do over to make it right on another visit. Everything listed in this review was either brought to the hotels attention before we arrived or at the time the problem occurred the hotel had ample time to correct. We are holding the bar very high for HTR as after all, for comparative purposes this is a property holding itself out as a five star resort and attempting to command $500 + per day per couple for the experience. As experienced travelers, we took every step possible to ensure the highest likelihood that our honeymoon and ultimate vacation experience had the highest probability to be successful. These steps included but were not limited to contacting in advance Alma Lopez, Director of Sales and Marketing for HTR as well as Mr. Xavier Sierra lead customer service reservation agent to advise them this vacation was our honeymoon and we didnt want any unpleasant surprises or unexpected issues as well as to go over some basic requirements we needed with respect to having to tend to some work issues during our vacation stays. In addition, we reminded them regularly that we only had one chance to make our honeymoon experience, a most memorable event free of aggravation and upset. We had our expectations in line with what we expected HTR to deliver. We were not looking for a spring break party or high energy experience . For the purpose of this review I will concentrate on the details of what needs immediate correction and major improvement not what appears to be working well. Yes for all those taking notes HTR is a relatively brand new property, it is very clean and modern, nice pool and rustic natural beach area with beachside poster beds, and the culinary experience , though there is some room for improvement , for an all inclusive resort is outstanding. (I think they try to clean the black seaweed on the right side of the beach 24 x 7.) Our honeymoon trip started off just fine. Our flight arrived on time, and we were met on time by the Sunset tours transfer arranged by the hotel. Unfortunately, after that point it started to go down hill. I hope that for the next few months at the very least I do not hear the phrase Lo siento, perdoname! (lo see-en-to, purr-dOh-nah-may) I am sorry please forgive me , as this became the most common phrase uttered throughout our stay. All of the staff are well trained to apologize, show remorse and contrition and try to satisfy the guests, but unfortunately few if any are empowered to actually l deploy effective solutions or authorized to make compensation or corrective decisions. 1-When we checked in at exactly the time HTR scheduled us to be picked up and arrive at the hotel and were told no rooms available at this time ( Though we went to great lengths to pre-coordinate our early landing at the property as we had work issues to attend to -This debacle alone may have cost us far more than the total cost of the vacation-yes we know what time the official check in time is. ) 2-When we were told that they really had no desk or work area in the room to be able to conduct business or set up a computer . It was not our intention to have to work on our honeymoon but you do what you have to. (They did finally find an outdoor plastic table and by the way the telephone did not work when we checked in to the room. Had to walk back the length of a football field to the front desk to advise ) 3-When we went back to see Letty in concierge for the third time to hear about our scheduled welcome consultation and review of the property only to find she was busy with other appointments . (later we figured out she is the first line of offense in manipulating you to attend and purchase a time share or private residence club as they refer to it as. Yes, we did get transfers and a Tulum and Xel Ha, but should have received three times the compensation since they took up three times as much of our time as promised and then when we were interested, a very cursory review of the contract presented uncovered what was tantamount to a fraudulent sales presentation-shameless! ) 4-When the attorney for the Sunset Group apologized that the promises and offers made in the time share presentation were omitted or not written in the contract form as stated in the presentation made by the sales person (s). Doesnt HTR recognize that the treatment outlined here on TA time and time again by the folks over in the timeshare division reflects poorly on the HTR experience on the whole ? Dont they get it? 5-When we waited for the ferry to Cozummel in Playa Del Carmen for one and a half hours because apparently the concierge staff does not have accurate timetable information. (This is basic information that a cracker jack concierge staff should have) 6- When we checked back in to the hotel again upon returning from Cozumel only to go through the same exact experience again with a room not being ready DESPITE the assurances and reassurances of Pablo at the front desk who promised this would not happen again after our rough landing earlier in the week. (only 66% occupancy and the front desk unable to find anything but 2 double beds on short notice-would not consider an upgraded room-sorry thats not acceptable and when asked for an immediate resolution and to find a nice room Pablo commented that he did not have that authority only a manager could do that. ) 7-When we were told by the concierge staff 5 minutes before our special dinner that unfortunately chef Oscar could not provide the special dinner requested (crab legs) although we had ordered 48 hours earlier and reconfirmed 2 hours before dinner that all was in order and assured chef Oscar had taken care of everything, not to worry, this is HTR (chuckle) 8 -When the bellhop forgot to show up as scheduled to bring our luggage to the lobby the first and second time . 9- When our real rib eye steak special ordered at the Hacinda grill turned out to look more like a wafer thin tortilla or pancake despite the assurances of Chef Oscar that he took care of it. (Mortons or Ruths Chris quality or size not expected but if a real steak is not available then just say so.) 10-When the wait staff could to be found to bring a drink to the pool area or forgot to return with the drink as ordered on more than 3 occasions . 11-When the room service promised to return with the milk for the coffee in cinco minutos only for it become uno hora y media  and still no milk. Get it right the first time! 12- When we found out there was No Captain Morgan Rum or any spiced rum for that matter- Come on, they promised that if there was something you wanted and it was missing they would get it if it was reasonable . After all, this was supposed to be a top shelf All Inclusive . It was not like we were asking for some obscure expensive cognac. If Chef Oscar can get the little kid marshmallows I am sure he can find some spiced rum for Dad. This should be our biggest problem in life. 13-When we had no hot water to take a shower 4pm on a Sunday (They sent a man to repair but all he did was run the water and it still was not hotyep you guessed it .Lo siento, perdoname! 14-When the Wifi and Ice system (touch screen customer service portal) worked sporadic at best but most often just not working. 15-When upon visiting the Spa and Sauna Area we experienced basically a desolate area with few if any comers for services that looked to be priced at a level for a 10 star resort . We went to use the Sauna and steam room and asked for a robe only to be told they didnt have any or she did not know where to look. 16-When it was apparent that rose petals and a towel swan was the honeymoon part of the resort experience . We dont think this transformed HTR in to a Honeymoon resort or newlywed vacation. Perhaps a welcome greeting, an opportunity to meet other honeymooners, a newlywed activity or even an attempt to form an activity or possibly even the waiter mentioning congrats or the like at any meal? Sorry they did offer a $200? Honeymoon dinner on the beach? Ill stop here but this list is by no means complete and could go on and on..Hopefully the point should come across by now that the problems outlined here cover the total gamut of the complete organization from sales, to check in, to food and beverage, to customer service and concierge, to maintenance to marketing and time share area. It was not one isolated area or problem nor was it any one particular time. It was a consistent inconsistency of service throughout our stay. Our conclusion is that essentially HTR is a work in progress as this is a property where one hand does not talk to the other or perhaps may only be ultimately concerned in selling timeshares . There does not appear to be a common goal or objective, personality or pulse other than to have an opportunity to promise a 90 minute timeshare presentation, deliver a four hour one and then dont even seal the deal in a written contract (those reviews are deplorable) Instead of working as a cohesive team unit each link in the chain does not communicate with the other . There is apparently a lack of managerial control or oversight which is unacceptable for a property that holds itself out as an upscale premium level experience. Theses are not problems that will go away with David Z Cancuns canned replies and apologies (Is he a real person?) and if HTR does not get the act together soon enough the deals on SkyAuction and the 2 for 1 vacation offers will not make the problems go away. The folks over in the timeshare area made it very clear. if you dont buy here today you will NEVER be allowed to come back and stay at HTR again.  Maybe thats true? I would like to end on a positive note if that is at all possible. The property is for the most part pristine, well kept and a great majority of the staff are hard working, aim to please and seem genuinely happy working at the resort . A great place for rest and relaxation The beach just to the north end of the property is as beautiful as it gets and the cenotes emptying in to the Caribbean are a National Geographic unforgettable picture. Mostly everything they say about Chef Oscar is true . He is certainly to HTR what Mickey is to Disney and Shamu is to Sea World. If you could only clone him and bottle his smile and spark in his step as he tirelessly looks to genuinely make the guests feel welcome and fulfill their request s many of HTRs issues would disappear immediately . (Invest in some real steak knives Oscar!) In addition, I would like to make a special note to acknowledge Angelica who went out of her way to give my wife and I a special tour of the property while we spent more time waiting for Letty . Unfortunately Angelica twisted her ankle on the tour and we did not get to see her again. We wish her a speedy recovery . Hectoryou also deserve special recognition as you were very helpful on a number of occasions as well as Emanuel who just loves to bring luggage to your room with a smile .. The problems at this property, are correctable and I am confident that perhaps in due time they will be , albeit we have been part of HTRs learning process and we did not have the opportunity to experience a 5 star experience and shame on us we only get one chance to receive a first impression and have a honeymoon at HTR. In all fairness we admit we did get a lot of rest and relaxation, loved most of the culinary experience but despite the assurances we received most of issues were never resolved to our satisfaction and all we received on the way out was another Lo siento, perdoname! Since then , yes HTR has been in touch . We received a promotional email inviting us back to the resort in May for $700+ per night to do it again.Are they serious? We are waiting for the follow up from guest relations or other marketing partners but we wont hold our breath. Apologies are offered freely and unlimited but little more is extended to unhappy guests . If you are looking to get away for a little rest and relaxation, and you can book this property for a nominal amount then go for it, you have made a fine choice, but dont set the bar too high or you may be very disappointed.