40 minute wait for check-in. the people in front of us were bumped and moved to a different resort. Very upset. They seemed very disorganized at check-in. Got to our room: no phone, no furniture on the patio, no shower head, no service screen for internet etc., no bedding for sofa-bed. Nailed down a maid in the hallway and she brought bedding as requested. It was late so we didn't say anything. Next day we pointed out all the missed items and our dissappointment. They apologized but didn't provide a new room till the next day, so 2 of our 6 nights were in an unfinished room. The time share guy sympathized and said we should not have been sold that room - no kidding. Resort grounds are immaculate though a bit of a maze. No direct route - though the layout was great. 2 "upper pools" for adults and 1 beach front pool for families. pools were spectacular and no problem getting loungers even though the resort was full. It never seemed crowded. Food was outstanding. This is our 6th AI resort and this food and service was the best anywhere. Beach was not nice. I only saw a handful of people in the water all week, which was dissapointing. The nature tours were great, snorkeling in the Cenotes and kayaking were fun - kids really enjoyed this and sailing. Minimal activities - even though they publish a list of activities and times, no one ever took charge and put an event together (volleyball was sporatic and soccer was non-existent even though they were on the schedule). The sports bar was odd - no NCAA on the tv's even though it was tournament time. the atmosphere of this bar was just wierd. The website for this place is terrible. The site should state everything the traveller needs to know before they travel. We were not aware of the "pants for men" rule. I was denied at the Italian restaurant despite being dressed in nice walking shorts and a button down shirt. The dude in front of me was in grubby jeans and a trucker T shirt but he got in. Brutal. Its a middle of the road resort trying to act like its a 5 star. We wouldn't go back even though th eresort and people were great.