I like using tripadvisor to get as much info as possible about a resort to choose the best vacation for my family. So if you're doing the same, here goes. 1. Even though this is an All Inclusive club, expect to tip. You get some pretty good pressure, it's never said, but boy are they working for it, sometimes overtly. 2. The workers are all very friendly. 3. No map of the grounds so you're going to have to struggle slightly to figure the place out. I'll tell you that for 326 acres, it's a pretty small place. 4. 24 hour room service was pretty good and punctual. 5. The Food. Of all the meals Kytori was the best. After that it wasnt anything to write home about. 2 inside restaurants not including the buffet. 1 poolside restaurant. And 1 brick oven for pizza restaurant. 6. And if you like lobster you have to inform the resort 24 hours in advance of when you want it. I was disappointed of this because I told my son he could have it every day if he wanted. II'm letting you know that because I was never told that. If you want lobster for dinner, order it now. 7. I have 3 kids that are a little older 11,12, and 15. They kind of fall through the cracks at a resort such as this. They have a kids club, but it's for little kids 6 & under. Now we can entertain ourselves and we did, but when you consider the options provided by a Palace Resort, it was disappointing. We took the cenote eco-tour which we recommend, and we took the bike tour which we enjoyed(bikes need some work though). They had a Mayan show which the kids enjoyed. Gambling night with fake money was fun. Rented a car to get away from the resort and went to Tulum and Tulum beach which was awesome. Went to xcaret which was a good time. 8. If you don't need a nice beach, then you might be ok. The courtyard is beautiful. You can be lazy at the pool all day long and enjoy youself just fine, especially if you can entertain yourself. 9. If you need a beach that is picturesque and is what comes to mind when you think of the Mayan Riveria, you will not like it here. We stayed 4 days, and not one person went in that water. And I like to swim at the beach as do my 3 kids. 10. I booked this trip through luxury link which had built into it several very nice additions such as a private moonlight dinner, massages, special breakfast in room, and jacuzzi rose petal room preparation upon arrival. - I had to inform the resort of all of these while they were trying to get me to go to the private residence seminar upon arrival which is their timeshare. I was told all would be taken care of. The last thing you want to get hit with is the timeshare spiel before you have a chance to eat or get your room. However, to be fair, that is commonplace of not only this resort but many in Mexico. - We did not get a jacuzzi rose petal room preparation upon arrival. - Massages were great, spa facility private and seemed on par with a nice resort. - Private moonlight dinner was awesome (thank you Hector), this saved the trip for me as it was my 20th wedding anniversary. - However, as soon as something nice would happen....they forgot to give us our special in room breakfast when we asked for it. Picture yourself waiting in your room for a breakfast that isnt coming when there are restaurants right below you. I'll tell you, you feel stupid. After telling our personal Concierge of the oversight she passed me off to the girl who set it up. This girl as nice as she was said she could set up another breakfast or send a special gift to the room. I said out of the two choices, send something to the room then. It never came. We shielded our kids from the shortcummings of the resort and all in all they had a fantastic time as did my wife and I. But, when you take a vacation such as this you like to be treated like royalty. The missteps made by this resort made me look bad in front of my family on more than one occasion. And that is unacceptable for a resort that you are essentially spending a $1,000 a day on(after airfare). I can in good conscience tell you that if you are looking for the royal treatment, you and your family will be better served by investigating other options. All the best!