I wanted to let the resort know how we felt about some things and when I asked at the front desk for a comment card they told me they do not have them and to go to Trip Advisor- so here I am. I will start by saying that everyone on staff was wonderful. Front desk check in went nicely until we got a call about an hour later that they put us in the wrong room- we said we were fine and they still wanted to move us- we had already unpacked- they went to put us in the same room on a different floor but ended up giving us another room which had a hot tub- nice touch, but it didn't really come in handy in 90 degree weather. The all inclusive when you trade is about $149 pp/per day and comes to $170 when they add 12% tax. This really was too much especially if you compare it to other places in the area. We have stayed at many different all inclusives and this was by far the most expensive. We knew this but felt that there would be enough to warrant it - lots of restaurants, things to do... What you actually get really did not justify the cost. There are some on site "tours" included. Book right away. We stayed Sat. to Sat. We went to book the bicycle tour on Sunday and were unable to get in until Friday. (The resort was about 30-50% booked and has 6-8 bicycles). We met another couple who went to book on Wed. and was unable to get on a tour. You cannot take the bicycles on your own until you've gone on the tour. We did the kayaking tour which was a lot of fun- You can snorkel or ride in the kayak. There is another interesting tour which is an adventure for the senses- they should tell you that you should watch what you wear as some of the things used stained my clothes- the tour itself was worth doing- very different. The rooms are lovely and spacious. They have robes, blow dryers, irons, and small refrigerators they stock with some soda, water, and beer. They do nothing special in the rooms- We had a 2 bedroom- no cute little towel animals or decorations on the beds- they did not replenish conditioner, or even take the dirty towels on the floor one day. One bedroom did get a treat on the bed one night. These are small things and were not an issue for us, but at the price they ask, should not have occurred. As far as food, it is very good and there is nice presentation, but it really was very limited, especially for the cost. They have a buffet, a grill, a mexican restaurant, and an asian-fusion/italian (these two are in the same location on alternate nights but are both closed on Friday), a brick oven pizza place open during the day, and a small place to get little desserts or some finger food and coffee/espresso. The grill and buffet are open during the day- the grill is only open on Monday, Wed., and Fri. nights. Breakfast buffet was very good and staff was attentive. Lunch buffet was also good. Dinner buffet was okay- desserts were plentiful. There is one bathroom by the pool, but it is a little ways from certain pool sections. There is one bar by the pool closest to the hotel and one at the other end. There is one bar inside. During lunch hour, the people working around the pool must also work at the restaurant so drinks don't come as often. Although there weren't a lot of people at the resort, it did feel understaffed. Lots of umbrellas and chairs around the pool, but it did get dirty by the end of the week- bark and sand in the pool. This was evident by Thursday. It was nice that you always had towels available and didn't have to sign them out or in. Evening entertainment was good when they had shows. There was an outdoor gathering with a buffet. Service was very very slow- 25 min. to get water or any drinks- They had a great fire show. You can go down by the beach, but, as they will tell you, the water is brackish. Don't expect a typical caribbean beach. We knew this when we came and were fine with it. There were no real walking tours which would have been nice. We had a nice time with family but, for the money, they really need to do more - add some things to do during they day - there is not much for the kids to do at the pool but swim, unless you bring some pool toys- For the cost, they still need to step it up a bit- they definitely have potential but are just not there. I wrote I would recommend to a friend- if they were a Sunset owner and paying $99 pp/per day yes, but not for the $170.