We stayed at the Holiday Lodge from March 3rd-6th. We were advised when we first got there that there had been a plumbing leak on one of the floors and we may have to be sent to another place. It was being resolved and we could elect to leave our bags there and come back later or we could wait. We waited as we had just got off a 20 hour flight and were wiped out. Our guaranteed room was to be at the front of the building, with a balcony. We were warned it may be noisy as it faced the road and it was Mardi Gras weekend. Shortly thereafter our room was ready. No indication of wet, or mould, the bed was solid and had triple sheets, which is usually reserved for higher ended places. The area with the fridge, micro,and tv, was tight and, yeah, the tv was small, older, but it worked fine and we had a remote. There was a large queen bed, a bureau and a clothing rack. The furniture was, well, old, cheap and needy. We had a beautiful curved window with a door that opened to a small non-walkable scrolled iron area. There was a desk and a chair pushed against the wall that we moved and added one of the solid nightstands to make a second seat by the balcony area and it worked fine. We dined sorta alfresco. The bathroom was clean, updated, and actually rather nice. There was a amber glass window that was old and in the shape of a quarter circle that opened as a vent. The water in the shower was nice and hot. Complementary toiletries were adequate. Our room was cleaned daily and linens changed. I am 62 and my friend 60. Considering we were there Mardi Gras weekend and we were facing Macleay just one story up, we did not have a problem with noise. Nothing woke us up and the hotel seemed unusually quiet. The receptionist had warned us and originally even tried to recommend we take another room because of the potential noise, but we were glad we didn't, especially after reading the words of another person staying there during our time. We were also told by the receptionist who was very friendly and helpful throughout our stay that the hotel had recently been purchased and was in the process of being updated. They were under certain restrictions and it is in a historical area in a historically protected building and it was taking some time and red tape. This was later confimed when I found sticking out of a stall in the hallway inthe reception area a public notice to that effect that looks to have been attached to the building at one point. She had also mentioned that the hotel was understaffed and looking for help. We did take a few pictures of the inside and will try to add them later. We were in Australia in both Melbourne and Sydney and stayed in different hotels during our 2+ week stay. This was not the best and not the worst either. Guess we got lucky.