I had 3 days in Philadelphia before a loong direct flight home ( already knowing the Northwest Airlines Airbus A330 has all its seats occupied and no room to stretch in the plane ). The Residence Inn turned out to be a good stay. The location was easy to find and a 5 minute drive to the airport. Ive been to smaller cities than Philadelphia and the driving and Airport Hotel properties are just harder to find. The majority of the Airport hotels in Philadelphia are clustered in 2 areas near the airport. Adjacent to my property was the Sheraton Suites, 4 points, and Hilton. The Residence Inn looks like an apartment complex with 2 levels in an suburban neighborhood. The front office staff were nice but could have been more approachable. Even if the front desk staff tried to be more Service oriented, most people would think the staff would need more training. The lobby was clean and there was no sitting area unless you go into the cafeteria where they serve breakfast. An Internet terminal is right in the smack middle of the lobby where everyone can see what you are searching or purchasing online. Complimentary coffee is readily available in the lobby. I had a Suite on the first level in Building 14. Even though the property itself looked safe, the police was frequently roaming the parking lot talking to employees 2 of the 3 days I was there. There is also a Security Guard that walks the property constantly. The room was pretty basic. I was hoping to have a separate bed room from the kitchen/ living room area. But everything was squished in 1 big room. The shower and toilet in the bathroom is very small. It was hard to maneuver in there. The bed and Free parking was the best thing about this stay. Very soft multiple pillows made sleeping very comfortable. Overall, I would probably not come back to stay here. I paid $ 155.00 per night and it was not worth it. I had friends staying at the Quality Hotel ( not INN ) off of I 95 and they payed $ 65.00 for an economy style hotel and I felt it worth the price. This Quality Hotel was an older property with very friendly service and an average room.