Stayed in May at Hotel Casa Ticul. I really wanted to love it here and I will start with all of the positives because there are a lot of them: Liked the room, fell in love with the shower even though a lot of water ended up making it on the bathroom floor, nice amenities, they provide beach towels and passes to the beach club, air conditioner worked great, and very comfortable big bed. Sorry, we don't remember his name, but really appreciated the young gentleman with the mustache at the front desk- very kind, offered some nice suggestions, and always asked about our day. Breakfast was also pretty good and a nice bonus. On the negative side, I wish there was more storage in the room- we basically had to live out of our suitcases for a week. Our room also seemed to be last in-line for cleaning each day so it was usually after 3pm before it was cleaned - kind of cut into the afternoon nap plans. I guess the major issue was with the noise we encountered. Our room was the junior suite and the doors leading out to the balcony didn't seem to seal completely - there was at least a 1/2" gap on each side. One thing I was scared about was bugs entering the room through this gap but that was never a problem --- the big issue became the noise level that filtered into the room. This seems to be a very busy street - especially in the morning (when it would have been nice to sleep-in while on vacation). Between the garbage truck and the loud motorcycles or scooters it was just like being at home since we live on a very busy street and really I want to forget about home while on vacation. Maybe if the balcony doors sealed correctly this noise issue could be eliminated or reduced. On our last night in the room there also was a mystery sound that was like listening to a clothes dryer with shoes in it (not pleasant). We walked outside and did not hear the sound but it was loud and clear inside our room. No idea where this was coming from! The sad part is that I really researched our choices on where to stay in Playa and so many of the other places mentioned noise issues and since noise was never mentioned in any of the other reviews I read Casa Ticul was our choice. Maybe Playa is just a loud loud place........... All and all I would recommend the hotel to a friend but with some warnings.