We picked the Dana Hotel for an overnight Sunday stay because we wanted to be closer to the shopping areas, and support a boutique hotel. We foresake our typical choice of staying at the Stellar Burnham Hotel, for Dana. We found our stay disappointing. Perhaps it's the economy or the staff was too tired from the weekend revellers and didn't give much attention to those staying there on a Sunday night. We're not fussy travellers and don't need much apart from courteous, competent service. We didn't have that experience at the Dana. I'll highlight some of the good and bad points we experienced. -- Positives: Awesome bed. Comfortable room: we have an asian inspired, cotemporary waterfront condo and were pleased with the decor. --Negatives: Check-in staff seemed like they were trying to replicate a cool, youthful, aloof urban energy. It came off as apathetic. One got the feeling that they were doing this job until they went to their "real jobs" later on. Does this place really have a spa? Every time I have ever checked into a hotel that has a spa ... they at least tell you a little about it. This is true whether I have stayed at destination spa locations, or hotels where the spa is an amenity for a predominantly business clientele. -- Aja Steak: was pleased with the subbtle Hawaiian flair in the menu. Fish was good quality. I think we got left-over rice on our maki, because it was terrible. Service was lower than average. Perhaps we got the Sunday, C level staff. They were poorly trained ....and I almost felt like piping up " ummmm ...are there any adults running this place?" We have travelled internationally and stayed at numerous hotels. My basic rule is that if a place has an expensive, diverse selection of sakis and wines with limited descriptors; they should have someone on staff to discuss the selections. They didn't that night. Worse still, we had a flaky waitress who did not even seem to understand the qualitative distinctions between the food & drink selections on the menu. In an effort to be friendly/knowledgeable she tried to pipe in how did not know much about sakes ... but she loved the junmai daiginjo sakes. Her comment would have been acceptable if she knew what she was talking about (we are avid sake drinkers); but it's like someone who knows nothing about the varied construction & mechanisms in watches saying how they love the quality and mastery of how Cartier watches are built. Next time, we'll stick to the Burnham Hotel. Kimpton just gets how to do boutique hotels, and they have shown that prowess nationally and internationally. Besides, they are in the same price range as the Dana.