Stayed 2 nights during Bank Holiday weekend with husband, 7 yr old and 5 yr old. Turned up at 12pm and asked to leave suitcase - told we couldn't unless we bought 10 early check in. As cost of leaving the case at Euston Station was 8.50, we decided to pay the 10. Dumped our bags, off to Notting Hill carnival. Returned to room at 8pm and put kids to bed. At this point we realised just how loud the room was - we had a 2nd floor room overlooking the bus station and main road. Tried to close the window as a wide gap, but no handle. Reception had the allan key to close it, but when staff member came up to close it, he told us the window was already closed. Husband pointed out that you shouldn't be able to slide your fingers between the window frame parts if it was closed. Staff member then tried to fob us off with "the website does state there will be noise as it's a busy location". Husband and I pointed out noise was fine, an open window which cannot be closed is not. Staff member then told us to try it out and he would move room in the morning to the quiet lower ground floor. As it's 9pm by this time, I firmly told him my children would not be able to sleep in that room and that 2 double or twin rooms with a closed window would be preferable if no quiet family room could be found. Having already told us there were no family rooms available in the quiet lower ground area, he went back to reception with me following and, amazingly, a family room in the quiet lower ground floor was available. Think he realised I wasn't going to go away... Both rooms we were in were typical travelodge - bit cramped, lacking a fresh smell, few stains on bedding and surfaces, mouldy grout and peeling paint on bathroom ceiling. Communal areas fresh looking and in a good condition. Avoided the breakfast as overpriced "buffet" didn't seem high quality - M+S and sainsbury is 20 second walk away, so we got pack of croissants and pint of milk each morning, 2 for 4 of us. Caffe Nero and several breakfast outlets all 20 second walk away in Euston station. Would return if looking for a cheap sleep, but only if I was guaranteed a room on the lower ground floor.