I stayed at the Travelodge Euston for 1 night in September. I arrived by train into London Euston so the Location was VERY convenient for me! The price was GREAT. I booked a double room for 29.00. I arrived at about 13.30 and went straight to the hotel. They advised me that I could not check in until 3pm which I thought was a litter later than normal but I just accepted it as their policy..... UNTIL I was about to leave (to waste a few hours) and he said I could check in if I was willing to pay an additional charge!!! This really really irritated I and I point blank REFUSED to pay!!! I understand that house keeping staff need time to turn around the bedrooms ready for new guests but I do NOT understand why paying a little extra on arrival can magically make my room clean itself! I can only assume that the payment was actually for an upgrade to a room that had already been serviced! I do not understand why they would clean an empty room first when they know other rooms are booked. Unless they bank on tired travellers, often with luggage, just paying the upgrade so that they can check in! If this is simply an early check in charge when rooms are already serviced then that is SIMPLY DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We came back at 3 and checked in... There were no major issued but I cannot say they were either prompt or that pleasant. Our room was modern, bright and clean enough... although there was a maltezer under the desk that had clearly not been hovered. The bathroom (shower ONLY) was small but adequate and again seemed clean. They only left us 1 towel even though the room was booked for 2 and there was not hand towel either. There was also only a few sheets of toilet roll left which meant we had to go down to ask for MORE! Check out was quick as payment is taken on arrival but I was slightly annoyed that both members of staff on reception were using their mobile phones and carried on when they saw us waiting instead of stopping to serve us! OVERALL there were no major problems and the price and proximity to the station means that I would stay again IF I could secure the 29.00 room rate. I DO THINK THAT AS ONE OF THE UK'S BIGGEST HOTEL CHAINS THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO BETTER - REGARDLESS OF THE BARGAIN ROOM RATES!!!!