We paid the extra 10 so checked in at 12 noon. The room was on the ground floor and had a superthick blind down as with it being right next to Euston station, everybody was walking past the bedroom window. The room was very dark because of this. It was a warm day, the air conditioning unit switched itself off every 30 mins and the windows would not open without going to reception for a key therefore the room was rather stuffy. however once obtaining the key and returning it straight away as they only had one for all the floor, the room did cool down a bit. We discovered the blind was broken when wanting to open the window so we couldnt lift it when we wanted to. no sunlight at all in the room for the 2 days we were there. The room was really really clean, it was spotless and the bathroom was very clean as well. only a couple of problems- on arrival we had a very small amount of a toilet roll, which totalled about 10 sheets. as we headed straight out we thought we would sort it when we got back. i went to reception, the man behind there had already delivered out 4 toilet rolls for others guests who didnt have any. He managed to find us a further 10 sheets. by morning there was none left. we headed out for the day, came back and the room had been cleaned but still no toilet roll. i didnt want to go to reception as i didnt want to look like a pooper trouper so decided on flushing tissues instead. the pillows are as flat as a pancake, i read this on here before going but really did not think they would be so thin. i asked for another at reception and they happily obliged. good points, it only took 2 mins to check in and about 1 min to check out. they had a coffee machine in the main entrance and we got free coffee and tea in the room. there was an lcd tv (although badly positioned on the wall, we didnt watch it anyway) the room was super super clean with very nice lighting. didnt hear any noise at all from any neighbouring guests...fantastic location. i would stay here again. i just wish they would provide at least one full loo roll.