SERVICE: Arrived at the hotel at about 4 in the afternoon on New Year's day. First impression, there was no Bell boy!!! The two of us had to drag 5 luggages, each weighing 46 pounds by ourselves from the taxi up into the hotel pushing the luggage cart by ourselves. (I know its our fault for having so much luggage, but shopping was so good in NY!!!, BUT that's still no excuse for the missing bell boy). Stepping into the small lobby, we were a bit put off by how hectic it was. Lots of people crammed into a really small lobby space with two receptionist multi tasking like crazy was not a good sign. Took about 30 minutes before they could find my reservation. Even had to call up Expedia to double check with them. After that, its another 20 minute wait for our rooms to be available...UMMM isn't the check in time suppposed to be at 3? It's 4.45 now!!! Reason: It's new years day. Wtf. I would've been super pissed if it wasn't for the friendliness of the receptionist. She was so kind to offer snacks and drinks from the little bar fridge in the lobby free of charge. Since there is no Bellboy, we had to push the damn cart into the tiny elevator that takes forever to move. It got to a point that other guests had to help us push the cart into the elevator. Then we had to slowly unload the luggages one by one. Same thing when we were checking out. NO BELL BOY!!! Went downstairs to get the cart, take it up, load my luggages on it, and take it down. Oh and the best bit, reception can't call a taxi to the hotel. I had to go get one myself!!! As the hotel is located on a quiet street, I had to run down to an avenue, cross the road, and actually hail a taxi to drive to the hotel. I have never heard of this and find it utterly ridiculous! I guess this is what you get for paying for a 2* accommodation. ROOMS: Okay. Small, but its NY. Bed occupied most of the room, but it was heaven. It's a Seally Posturepedic. and that is what I'm going to get back home! Bath room had an awkwardly placed shower, but it was alright. Water pressure was pretty crabby though. Not strong enough for my liking. LOCATION: It had a lovely neighbourhood in Chelsea and is like two minutes walk to the Flatiron building. Apart from a few lil mishaps, I did enjoy my stay at the Wyndham and would stay there once again when I'm back in NY.