Stayed at Wyndham Garden Inn Chelsea seven nights, from December 23 to December 30, 2009. Most all hotels in Manhattan considered the last few nights of our stay as part of the high priced New Years Eve week. We were getting decent rates for the first 3 or 4 nights, but the last few nights tripled! We ended up calling hotels directly to ask for a lower price for those nights since we would be staying so long. Wyndham Garden Inn Chelsea was the only hotel that would adjust their prices. So we paid $149 for the first six nights and $229 for the last night, before taxes of about $20 a night. We paid about $40 for a taxi from LGA. The hotel is on 24th Street halfway between 5th and 6th Streets (a little closer to 6th), just one block over from the major cross-street in Chelsea, 23rd Street. There are subway stations all along 23rd street. The closest to the hotel is the FV station at 6th Avenue, but the 1, RW, 6 and CE stations arent far within  mile. The location of the hotel is its best feature. There is quick access to all parts of the city. But Chelsea/Flat Iron is full of interesting shops and incredible restaurants. We walked to all of these restaurants we had breakfast at Murrays Bagel (on 8th Avenue south of 23rd Street), had the best BBQ brisket ever at RUB (on 23rd Street between 7th and 8th Avenue), had an excellent European brunch at Markt, enjoyed incredible soup at Pipas inside the ABC Carpet Shop on Broadway, indulged in old fashioned diner-style meals at the Lyric Diner on 3rd Avenue, and even sipped shakes at Burger Shack in the Madison Square Park. The area has really fun for people watching. The hotel is obviously newly re-constructed. All the materials and fixtures are new. There is essentially no lobby. The doors open right at the front desk. There is a sofa and a couple ottomans but its not a spot you would spend time. A ticket desk/concierge is squeezed into a corner. The restaurant is supposed to be a part of the hotel, but it didnt really seem that way. We never ate there. Room 903 is steps from the elevator and faces the front of the building. The small room was adequate for two people who travel well together but dont think of sharing a room with someone who gets on your nerves. It has a desk and chair, big flat screen TV on the wall, arm chair, two nightstands, a luggage rack and a closet equipped with an iron/board. There is no dresser. The king sized bed has a good quality mattress topped with a comfy feather bed. The sheets are good quality (probably 350-threadcount). The duvet and comforter are nice and cozy. The pillows are decent foam. The heating system was a little quirky; it made a lot of noise whenever it kicked on. But we got used to it and slept through the repeated ruckus. The bathroom is well equipped with a good-sized shower, decent towels, enough counter space and True Blue Spa soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. The water pressure and temperature were good. Except one morning there was no hot water. By the time we went down to the lobby, the repair truck was already parked in front of the hotel and they were repairing the frozen boiler. We had plenty of hot water when we returned that afternoon. Our room was cleaned completely and promptly when wed leave in the morning. Although no one knocked when we had the do not disturb sign on the door, the cleaning crew was very noisy. Two of them even got into a screaming match about who wasnt working fast enough! But everyone on the staff was very friendly to the guests. The hotel worked for us because we dont need a fancy lobby, an onsite restaurant or other services. It was a good value for the price compared to other hotels in Manhattan. It is in an area that we like and has good access to public transportation. If you travel like we do, youll like this hotel.