Travelled in a group of 7, and stayed 4 days in Miami prior to our cruise. At first impression, I am not sure if they are going for the nostalgic dark decor, but the hotel had a sort of antique features and dark wood, with low lighting. We had to find someone to take our bags to our room as there was no doorman when we arrived and only one conceirge with the trolley full of luggages, so we had to go up the elevator to the main lobby and wait for the concierges there. From previous tips from this website I requested a high level bay view which the three of us received. We were very happy and amazed from the views. The rooms were of substantial size and had all the amenities except for a minibar, although there is a ice and drinks vending machine a few doors away. However, my Uncle was unfortunate to get locked in the bathroom and had his wife call maintenance to unscrew the door to let him out. They fortunately were able to change rooms later that day. The rest of the group had no problems with the room. We had dinner on our first night and was throughly entertained by our Egyptian waitor (cannot remember his name) but we really enjoyed the evening. Breakfast was ok, however the variety was limited but I did expect it after reading the previous reviews, so I was not surprised. As a vegetarian, I did fill up on fruits and bread, however the savoury foods only limited me to scrambled eggs and oatmeal. Would have liked beans or hash browns instead of pancakce rolled up with creamy cheese! The staff were helpful and the internet service was good as it was free if you are a guest. The gift shop was also good as well as the bar in the main lobby, however it did take long to get our order as there was only 1 bar man serving...he gave us complimentary drinks for waiting so long. The surroundings were ok, no problems there as we mostly took taxi around town, we did try the mono rail which was exciting but a bit scary at the freedom tower stop, a guy was screaming which led me to believe he was mentally insane, there are no barriers from the platform so be careful as it does get windy up there. We went on the city tour and the Orlando day tour as recommended by Danilo the concierge. We enjoyed the boat city tour, however I would not recommend the Orlando trip as it was a nightmare. The main journey took 3 hours (expected) however if you are going to the magic kingdom, you have to transfer to a mini van, which the driver then took us into the car park of a supermarket area as he had to wait for a guy who was buying the entrance tickets, we had to wait in the car park for 10 minutes, at this time after travellig 3+ hours we were furious as we were told we would get at the park around 10am instead we arrived at 11am, thus cutting short our enjoyment at the park. We vented our frustration but the driver said to complain to the company and muttered in Spanish. We tried to enjoy the rest of the day. The tickets should've been purchased prior to the day. The following days were uneventful and we went on our cruise. Lambert the doorman was thoroughly considerate.