The bad: I had reserved a non-smoking King room but was given a room with two beds, neither one a King. I was too tired when I arrived and had waited in line to check in for over 15 minutes. The front desk was not properly staffed and I was not about to wait in the line again to be moved to another room. The check-out feature on the television did not work so I had to stand in line again to check out of the hotel. I guess this hotel is proud of their reception area and want you to spend as much time there as possible. The WiFi in the room is sketchy and there is a fee ($9.95 per 24 hour usage). No mini-bar nor in-room safe. Lighting is adequate and electrical outlets are plentiful and easy to access on the lamp bases. The television had the worst picture I've ever seen in a hotel and the television set is right out a page in history; a 25-inch gray box sitting on top of a dresser with so-so channel selections. The televisions really need to be updated in the worst of ways. One of the lampshades in my room had a hole in it and there were stains on the strip of fabric at the end of the bed that is put there for decorative purposes so the stains defeated the intended purpose. The shampoo and conditioner were nice, the bar soap was very drying and no facial bar was offered. Shampoo, conditioner, bar soap and a shower cap made up the bathroom amenities. The good: The meeting facilities and meals provided in the meeting room by the conference hosts were excellent. I was most impressed with the breakfast and breakfast service. It was really incredible and a welcomed surprise. I think I gained 5lbs from eating so much. The food was delicious and presentation was lovely. The coffee and coffee maker in the room were excellent. This may not seem like a big deal but the ice bucket was fantastic. It was extra large in capacity and kept the ice as ice all night long. I would love to have one just like it at home. The beds (mattress) are not very comfortable but I guess all hotels can't brag about having a "heavenly bed" like Westin hotels. The pillow selection was plentiful and the towels in the bathroom were actually soft and plentiful as well. The rooms and reception experience is what was not good about this property. The valet parking and bell staff were fast, friendly and efficient. The front desk staff were friendly and efficient as well once you made it to the counter. The conference I attended chose this hotel. The only reason I would ever stay at a Hilton again is if the conference hosts chose it as the meeting place.