Let me start out by saying that I only paid $79/night, an absurdly cheap rate for a Hilton. As a Diamond HHonors member, this got me free internet and access to the concierge lounge... so the rate was an even better deal. With that said, I don't think I should expect much. However, most people are paying more...AND... this is a Hilton...so there really shouldn't be anything wrong with it. #1 The location is so-so. Nowhere really to walk nearby. Parking is expensive. The hotel had better be a perfect "island," or else. #2 Room service shuts down early...so you're really stuck if you get in late and are hungry. I had to get back into my car and rive to a Taco Bell. Not quite a full service amenity. #3 Valet parking, while pricey, was friendly and VERY FAST. Wonderful staff at valet parking. #4 They put me in a room right next to the elevators. I'm a friggen Diamond HHonors member. You didn't have anything else? C'mon. I'm always in Hiltons. I don't need to listen to "ding ding ding" all night long. #5 There were a TON of high school kids at the hotel on some group tours. WTF? Put them all on one or two floors and don't put them on mine. Colleagues' calls to the front desk at 2 AM yielded the response "their chaperones aren't controlling them." Gee, thanks. Try planning this a little better so it's not so inconvenient for your other customers. Junior high or high school kids in large numbers are unpleasant in business hotels. The lobby felt like a gymnasium, and furthermore, these kids clogged the elevators all the time. #6 The Concierge Lounge on 16. Oh, the Concierge Lounge. Too often, the fruit salad was skunked. Hello, health department? This was not good. #7 The Concierge Lounge on 16. The women working here were super friendly and helpful. They made me feel at home. All of them were nice. #8 The Concierge Lounge on 16. The guys working here were all jerks. Really cold and unwelcoming. I think one guy was named Elvis. He would sneer at us (and other customers with whom we conversed and came to the same conclusion) and storm from table to table, demanding that we sign in or point to our names on the sign-in list. Jerk. I stay at Hiltons at least every other friggen week of the year, AND I used my card to get into the secured lounge, and you STILL treat me like a thief? Jerk. Jerk. Jerk. And I' m not the only one. All you had to do was look around and catch the eye of anyone else in there, and they nodded and rolled their eyes at the behavior of this jerk. Why is he in the room for your best customers? Another guy was using the computer set up for the guests to work on his resume one morning. Nice. #9 My TV was old. Very few channels. This is a Hilton in a major city. You should have a modern flat screen TV. C'mon. And have more than 10 channels. What an abysmal selection. #10 The guestroom doors do not automatically shut. There's not a spring mechanism to close them....so you'd walk down the hall and see multiple doors not fully closed. This isn't safe. I had a worker knock on my door (thankfully) while I was in the room and the door wasn't closed. This should not be. Anyhow, like I said at the beginning of this... in my particular case, the rate was only $79/night...so I recognize, this reduces my credibility in griping...but on the other hand, this is a Hilton and they should be doing a better job than they are doing. This hotel seems to be a notch off from what a Hilton should be.