I was in Miami for business, but sadly the location of the hotel was not ideal for me, which was my bad planning. There has clearly been a large amount of real-estate development at an unfortunate time for the economy, leaving this area feeling like a highly developed ghost town. That aside - the hotel: I am Hilton Honours Gold, and a one-time employee of Hilton in the UK, who I was very proud to work for. I was disappointed with the service in this hotel from the Front Desk to the F&B staff. The only employee who I thought was particularly service orientated was the Concierge. I put this down to the staff being unionised in the US - Management are afraid to tell their staff off, and are very restricted in what they can say or do. (I have various friends working in the Hotel Industry in the US who have confirmed this). Therefore, other than the career employees who are looking to move on in the industry (as I was) there is a tendency for the positions to attract 'lifers' who are doing it as a McJob, and nothing more - Hoteliers need to have passion for service, and there was none shown here. The free internet in public areas, part of Hilton's 'Stay Connected' program is great, but the hotel fails to capitalise on this market. The lobby was always full of people on their laptops, but you would have to BEG to buy a coffee, and mostly it was just not possible. The staff would say 'actually I am finishing my shift' or 'No, we have no coffee at the moment' - I was amazed, and remember, this is possibly the only location in the whole of the USA where there is not a Starbucks in walking distance. Hilton Downtown Miami - you are missing a good revenue opportunity here, and if you can't do it, why not sublet to a coffee concession? The internet was good - wireless only, which I can live with, but running on a clever system with good control over the bandwidth. I would have liked to see bandwidth options - a premium package would have been nice, as on occasions the connection was a little too slow, but ok. Overall, an ok Business hotel, let down by uncaring staff - this may not be managements fault though.