The hotel was a $20 cab ride from Miami International Airport, which was well worth it considering the hotel's daily parking fee. Once we arrived, we had to take an elevator from the "Motor Lobby" to the "Lobby" area. Check-in was easy. The person at the front desk acknowledged our request for non-down pillows, but failed to mention that the comforter was down-filled. The lobby and lounge areas are clean and nicely decorated. The rooms themselves are not bad, although upon a closer look, there were many touch-ups done or needed. We had a nice view from the 14th floor. Our room was across from the ice/soda machine so that was sometimes noisy. While the A/C is somewhat noisy when turning on and off, all in all it didn't really bother us. One thing that we did notice, and which others mentioned on this site, is the fact that the toilet paper roll is very difficult to reach from the toilet. One could easily hurt their back or even fall off the toilet while trying to reach it! The overhead shower worked, but the valve between it and the main tub faucet leaked, so a lot of water ran directly in the tub even while the overhead shower was running. The TV is rather old. Our complaint was the volume difference from channel to channel. Sometimes it was so loud, or their was a humming sound requiring us to change the channel quickly or mute the TV. We called the front desk on several occasions to ask a question or to get something for our room. When they did answer they were very pleasant and accommodating, but there were several times when the phone rang and rang with no answer. Once someone at the front desk connected us to housekeeping and we got their answering machine! One final complaint, the need to take the elevator from the room to the lobby, and then take another elevator to the motor lobby is an inconvenience. While we were there on New Year's Eve this became an outright challenge with many people coming and going. At times when the hotel was "quiet" it was more of a nuisance than a real issue. On the positive side, we ate once in the bar/lounge area and the food was decent. We used the wireless internet access in the lobby areas as well vs. paying 9.95 in the room. The Bayside Marina is about a 10-15 minute walk with many options for food, sightseeing. There's also a few fast food places across the street from the hotel. Cabs were waiting to take us to the airport as early as 6am the day of our departure. We were able to check-out by calling the front desk and leaving our keys in the room. All in all we were satisfied with our stay and thought it was worth the money.