My family (4 adults + a 1-year-old) stayed here for 3 nights the week between Christmas and New Year's Eve. I pushed for this hotel since I had stayed at (and loved) the adjoining Residence Inn a couple of years ago with friends and loved it...however, our room at Springhill Suites seemed a bit inferior and was cramped for us. The fact that this hotel had a sofa bed as well as the king size bed was a selling point for us, but the sofa bed wound up not being used - we unfolded it and discovered the mattress couldn't be more than 3-4 inches deep, and would definitely not be comfortable to sleep on, so we slept on the couch instead. Another issue we had with the room was that, despite having the air conditioning on and set at 68 in December, the room was still quite warm, mostly due to the fact that there was only one vent that we could find, and it was way over by the window, not allowing for adequate air flow. Breakfast was delicious, convenient and filling - if you got down there early enough to not have to spend a lot of time in line or trying to find a place to sit. The fact that there was an indoor swimming pool at this hotel was also a selling point, as it is hard to find downtown Chicago hotels with one, but when my family went to the pool to swim, they couldn't stay in the water longer than 10-20 minutes because it was so cold. The location of the hotel was excellent; there are 2 Starbucks within a block and a half radius of the hotel, several sit-down restaurants (including Harry Caray's and Rosebud Trattoria on the same street) and a few casual dining places nearby as well. The red line is a few blocks northeast and you can get on the purple and brown lines a couple of blocks west. The Magnificent Mile is not a far walk to the east, either. All in all, I would recommend this hotel for groups that wouldn't need the sofa bed - I would come back and stay by myself, for example, but I wouldn't stay here with my family again. Just much too crowded for more than two people.