The hotel is in a weird part of town, not particularly central to any part of the city but a great cultural experience in one of New York's oldest neighborhoods nonetheless. The decor is a bit drab, when you first walk in you see a bunch of glass stalls, which upon further investigation are supposed to be stores. (How you're supposed to have a store in a 5 foot by 10 foot space I have no idea) The 2nd floor is where the front desk is, which was fine, the staff was pretty efficient and very warm and personable, unlike a lot of Manhattan hotels. They were helpful throughout the entire stay. The lounge area on the second floor is terribly decorated. It looks like someone took all of their grandmother's junk from the last 40 years and threw it in one room. There is a flatscreen tv, but it's surrounded by 3 junky old leather couches (the hotel is supposedly new, would it have been too much to spend $2000 to put 3 new couches in? After all, it's the first thing people see when they walk in.). Then there is a big white porcelain elephant and what looks like an urn just sitting on the floor next to the couch. Doesn't go with the couches, the TV or the rickety old chinese furniture in the room. The carpet in the lobby areas throughout the hotel is just horrid looking, it makes you dizzy just walking on it, it looks kind of like the carpet from "The Shining". The rooms themselves have just about everything you really need for a hotel stay: TV, internet, comfortable bed, private bathroom. The decor is pretty shabby, cheap vinyl chairs and furniture that looks like it was made by a boy scout at camp. Cheap plastic covered wood. The bathroom marble counter doesn't match the tiles on the floor or the wall. Looks like someone went to a lot of hardware clearance sales. For its price, the hotel is actually a good value and I'm being overly picky about the decorator's terribly bad taste. But whichever interior decorator did the hotel should definitely reconsider their career. The only real gripes I have are: A. Cleanliness - A lot of other reviewers have said this hotel is clean. I would agree, at first glance. But a closer look would reveal a lot of corner cutting. The middle of the room gets vacuumed but there is dirt at the edges. The windows never get cleaned and are outright filthy. Stains and smudges on the walls. Garbage in the hallways, stairwells and elevators. It's obvious that their housekeepers are understaffed and overworked, so it's understandable they can't get to everything. But it doesn't excuse the fact that things aren't clean. B. Someone else had mentioned a nosy owner during their stay, and I would agree. During my check in, a similar old lady came out of the elevator, walked around the line (3-4 people waiting to check in at this point) to the side of the counter and started demanding things from the kid working the counter (who was obviously already speaking with a customer). "Print this, is so and so here, I need this and that." in a very loud and obnoxious manner. Very unprofessional in a hotel environment and obviously could have waited until after guests had finished. After she had gotten her list of demands, the kid said "Sorry for the inconvenience, but that was the owner". The next day, the owner happened to be on the elevator when I got on and tried to make small talk. It turned into a grilling about what I was doing on my trip to New York and then an endless list of things I SHOULD do according to her. If I needed the advice I would have asked. Obviously this is the owner's first hotel and she has no experience whatsoever with hospitality. She would be well advised to take after her employees a bit, who actually made an otherwise very average stay pretty pleasant. For the price, the hotel is a good place to stay. Just avoid the owner and pretend you're colorblind when you look at the decor.