There are pros and cons to this Clarion Inn. First, the good ... it's within walking distance of both the French Quarter and Bouron St. as well as the Superdome, so a good location as far as proximity goes. We were happy with the room set up ... basically a suite with a seperate bedroom and living area. The bed was comfortable. The living area had a kichenette, which was convenient, and the entire suite seemed clean from what I could tell. We noticed no bugs at all, which have been mentioned in other reviews, so perhaps that problem has been remedied. A complimentary breakfast comes with the room and it's pretty tasty with a good variety of both hot and cold items. Before I mention the cons, I want to say we were at this hotel on a very busy weekend. It was not only spring break, but there was a basketball tournament in town so lots of people and I'm sure the hotel was booked to capacity. However we were dissapointed with a few things. We arrived on a Fri. evening at 7pm and there was no self-parking available and no attendant at the valet parking. We were fortunate to find a luggage cart to get our luggage up to the room, as there is no staff available for that, either. A valet finally showed up and we learned that there are only a couple of dozen on-site parking spots for this 16 story hotel, so the vast majority of guests have to use the valet off-site parking, which they charge $22 a day for. The off site parking is a block from the hotel, so it takes a good 10 min. each time the valet's have to park a car, or get your car for you, and longer if others are also waiting. Our daughter waited 30 min. to get her car when we checked out, as others were checking out at the same time. Our other main complaint was that at breakfast both mornings they ran out of food and there were long lines of guests waiting for the food to arrive (it's catered from somewhere else in New Orleans, so when they run out, it has to be brought in from another location). They were usually out of coffee as well. The food was good, but try to go to breakfast very early to get a full meal without waiting. Another concern was the neighborhood that this hotel is located in. It's on the far north end of the french quarter, more in the business district I think, and there are a number of street people around the hotel at night. At night you see them urinating on the buildings and sidewalks nearby and they may ask for money as you pass by them. We were uncomfortable walking back to the hotel after dark, although we did it both nights we were there. Another problem on the weekend were were there was that there are only 2 elevator for the entire hotel, and as I said, it's a 16 story building, so we usually waited 5 min. each time we used the elevator, and in the mornings when we went to breakfast we waited 10 min. So all in all, if you don't mind waiting (for breakfast, the elevator, and the valet), ... and if you don't mind walking a few blocks through a not-so-good area at night, then I think this hotel would be fine.