Stayed here Jan 2012 - booked with priceline (52 east memphis). Not a terrible place but not what I would expect from a Marriot chain. Check in was no problem, less than 2 minutes. Room was very small, even with only 1 bed. I can't imagine what a 2-bed room would look like, probably incredibly crammed. The bathroom was a decent size though. The bed was comfy and I slept well. But try to get a room on the backside of the hotel. It was confusing when I entered the parking lot - which is enormous (I think an outlet mall used to be located here and was torn down) and as you enter the parking lot you see the back side of the hotel. There wasn't a single car and I was concerned it might be closed, but as you pull around to the other side of the building you see the front - facing the interstate. There are gigantic flood lights in the parking lot in front of the building right in front of the windows. The room was actually brighter with the lights off at night. It took some crafty furniture placement to pin the drapes shut to keep most of the light out. The fitness room was a joke. Just an eliptical and a treadmill with a tv. It's about the size of a janitors closet so you can't even do any calisthenics or plyos. There was a sign posted about an option to use a nearby gym for free as a hotel guest - but I didn't have the time to go. There is also an indoor pool and hot tub which looked pretty inviting. As far as amenities go it wasn't a bad place. Breakfast was good and free, but no hot food. They have the do-it-yourself waffles that every hotel is in love with but I'm not a fan, and they also have breakfast sandwiches you can microwave. Also cereal, fruit, mini muffins, bagels, yogurt, etc. Internet was free and worked fine, and parking was free and obviously plentiful. Business center also worked as well as I needed it to. I just wasn't a fan of the hotel location. It's right off of the interstate but at an exit that doesn't seem to be really near to anything. There's some fast food places nearby but not many restaurants. Also, there's a local college right next door, and the only access to it is via the road running along the parking lot - and it is flooded in the morning with traffic. It took me about 15 minutes to get out of the parking lot, but even then due to the really fast changing light at the intersection I had to take a roundabout way and turn around to get around the light fast enough to get to work. Again, not a terrible hotel, and not many gripes about it, but I just wasn't overly impressed. I'd say you get exactly what you pay for here.