Really not a bad deal for a hotel. I bid 65 at priceline and stayed for 2 nights, total cost after taxes, etc was about 170. Looks like the renovations are mostly done. My room was great, very big. King bed, sofa, desk, new tv, plenty of lighting, clean, but no micro/fridge. AC and cable worked well. Staff was friendly and place was pretty good. Awesome fitness center, compared to other places. Full dumbbell rack from 5lbs to 50lbs, 2 elipticals, 2 treadmills, 1 bike, 1 bench, tvs on all cardio equipment. Free parking as well, and real good breakfast. Onto the not so good... Internet was quite possibly slower than dial up, actually, much slower. It is a wired in-room ethernet connection, and it is plain bad. They say there is a ethostream wireless available but there is none. Very frustrating when trying to work. Location is not the best. Getting something to eat that isn't fast food, hot wings, or chinese is a 5+ mile drive. There were also several unsavory characters roaming the parking lot and smoking weed while sitting in cars at all hours of the night. I walked to the gas station across the street to get a gatorade around 10pm and the door was locked. You have to use a very small "night window" to purchase anything inside, and its basically a 6" wide x 2" deep drawer that the clerk slides out while she looks at you like you're mentally challenged. So if it's not a pack of cigarrettes your buying its not fitting in the drawer and you're out of luck. Had to drive to CVS a mile down the road. Breakfast is not free, which was a surprise. Its a very small hot buffet and I walked in to an unattended room and began helping myself, and after about 10 minutes a very chipper lady came in and asked me how everything was. Shortly after she dropped a bill on my table. Also, my room was not cleaned after my first night, completely untouched. That was strange. Otherwise, it was a pretty pleasant stay. It's probably an average deal considering the surrounding neighborhood. Think twice if you are a business traveler just because the internet is so bad, even in the business center. Otherwise, not a bad stay. Good amenities. Big fan of the fitness center.