Stayed in 3 US hotels in 10 days, and it has to be said that this was comfortably the poorest. Poor is unfair, but we agreed it was distinctly average. Checked in ok. Room was a decent size, but as others have reported, the bathroom was very small. If they'd have extended the bathroom into the biggest ironing board cupboard I've ever seen, it would have been a decent size. It was hot in Chicago this week, so the air conditioning was a necessity. Well it certainly worked ok, but was possibly propelled by two jet engines. Others had reported this, but crikey, what a noise! Turned it off and sweated it out, otherwise a good nights sleep would not have been possible. The bed was huge and comfortable. The TV was a good size also. The room in general was fine, just a little tired, as were the corridors. Our room was 3201, bang next to the housekeeping store, and we were woken up early by the maids on both mornings. I would recommend putting your 'privacy' sign up regardless, otherwise the maid will join you automatically early doors. The gym was empty, had it to myself; fine, but again a little tired. The rooftop pool, was nice, but a little tired. Free wireless and use of the business centre was great. Allowed us to log on and print boarding tickets etc. Biggest annoyance was that the guy who checked me in said changing my travellers cheques the following day would be no problem at all. So I didn't panic and find an exchange facility elsewhere. Sure enough, when asking his colleague (he wasn't on shift) the following morning it was like I'd asked to have the President to bring me room service. A definite no go, which left me panicking that morning and rushing around to get cash so that I wasn't late for an appointment. Staff in general were friendly, but some evidently mis-informed. This was the only place not to acknowledge we were on honeymoon throughout the stay in the US. Of course, no given right to this, but a nice touch from others in various ways. 3rd out of 3 during the honeymoon. Ok, but nothing special, would try elsewhere if there's a next time.