OUr stay in the Avenue was quite nice, the 2 queen bed studio suite is quite nice. Tv reception is poor, but the view and bedding more than make up for it!!! The english pub attached is reasonably priced and decent food. The lobby has an interesting design with somewhat annoying euro-pop techno music playing. The sky lounge seemed a bit small, but cozy. The ambiance is nice except the same music in lobby, plays there, loudly. The drink prices there were outrageous though, $9 for a rum and coke. I had to make sure one lasted awhile! The pool area was also small but nice. The pool was clean and nice and warm. Just a handy tip is that there is a dunkin donuts and a 7-11 two or three blocks down St Clair so you can save a little money there to dodge the breakfast costs in the hotel. The concierge was friendly and helpful in arranging the boat tour and just general getting around. This hotel is in fairly comfortable walking range of the Navy Pier, Ogden Slip (where some of the boat tours leave from) The Magnificent Mile, and Millennium Park. The room itself was spacious with a feeling of privacy even when sharing. The bathroom is a wonderful size, with plenty of space to change without standing in the splash of the shower. The shower though left much to be desired. The fixtures were loose against the wall and the pressure was dreadful. You would have better luck bathing in a water fountain. The water just dribbled out and never really left you feeling clean. Everything else about the bathroom was great. I'm not sure if the water pressure was poor due to being on the 34th floor or what, but I was glad I didn't take advantage of the weight room because I know I would have never gotten the sweat off of me. Outside the window you can hear the ambulances coming into Northwestern University Hospital, but its not too bad as it quiets down at night and if you're from another city, like I am, the sound kind of disappears. It was nice though to have free wireless internet! Overall we did have a pretty comfortable stay here, but I think the hotel needs a little bit more work, before it can really be as classy as its neighbors. I'd recommend a pianist for the sky lounge and make it a piano bar. Kill the lobby music all together so its easier to communicate with staff. Also figure out how to get more water to the top floors so the guests can feel clean and truly refreshed.