I've stayed here 3 times. First time: Got a double room in the basement. Stayed with a friend of me. The decor is adorable, and while on the smaller side, it was adequate and we really liked the place. Sooo... Second time: I stayed there again. This time I booked a double room for just myself. When I arrived they gave me a single room since I was by myself. I told them that I booked, and pre-paid for a double room. They told me the single was all they had. I asked if they could refund me the difference and they said no since I prepaid through another company and to contact them (actually, this was just a run around... the money was never refunded, they said I needed to contact the hotel because they should have honored my reservation so I just dropped it. Too much hassle for a few dollars). Anyhow, the single room was sufficient so I didn't hold it against them. Third time: I booked the Deluxe room (I think that's what it's called... it's the larger one of the rooms offered. My boyfriend and I showed up around 6pm and they gave us a room on the top floor. I asked before I went upstairs if it was the 'deluxe' room and they said yes. So we lug our suitcases up 3 flights of stairs and I open the door to the room and no, it's not the larger room (I know this because I've stayed here before). You can barely walk around the bed. So I go downstairs and tell them, no, I know that's not the deluxe room so instead they say they will put us up in a hotel across the street. So we went there, and not only was the room not better, I'm pretty sure there was a very loud professional working in the room next door. The next day they put us up in a hotel further down the street (wish I could remember the name) and that one was fantastic! Big, spacious, microwave, fridge, etc. I'd definitely stay THERE again. Anyhow, so as you can see, I fared OK in my stays with this hotel, but that last time it was quite a bit of hassle moving around. Further, they seem to lie or 'be confused' a lot which makes me very leary to have further dealings with them. Better off to look at some other places if you want a hassle free getaway.