I stayed at the Hostal Ballista for one night. The Hostal is in a really central location just off the Gran Via and a few minutes walk from the metro. The area around the hotel is a little "colourful" with lots of prostitutes hanging around in the street at all hours of the day and night. They never bothered me however and I didn't feel uncomfortable or unsafe in this neighbourhood. The hostal itself is very welcoming and the lady who checked me in was extremely friendly. The lounge area is funky and had a relaxing feel and the internet room was an added bonus as was the free wifi access. The hostal has a lift which made the trek to the fourth floor easy. My room was small but nicely decorated and very clean. It contained all the standard essentials you need plus the added bonus of a free to use safe. The bathroom was really clean and the shower very powerful which is a bonus. There was a small balcony which wasn't very private at all and the view was horrible but this wasn't the deal breaker. What really let down hostal Ballesta for me was the bed. On first impressions I was impressed by the size of the bed, it was more of a three-quarter double than a single. There was only one pillow provided which was wafer thin so on returning to the hostal after dinner I asked the guy on reception for another pillow. He seemed a little annoyed at being disturbued and went off to find me another pillow. I was really tired after such a long day and was looking forward to a comfortable sleep. I didn't get one. The matress was exceptionally hard and the springs were poking into me whenever I moved. I can honestly say without exception it was the most uncomfortable bed I've ever attempted to sleep in. For me the whole reason detre of a hotel is to provide a good night sleep. Unfortunately I didn't get one. The rock-hard bed was made even more uncomfortable by the plastic matress protector which made me sweat like mad all night. These plastic protectors are a real pet hate of mine. Having gone to bed just after 11:30pm I was still awake at 5am! Not a good nights sleep at all. The hostal was also quite noisy with other guests slamming doors and the walls between the rooms are so thin you can hear everything that your neighbour is doing. On check out I wasn't asked if everything was ok with my stay. The guy was quite brusque with me. The hostal could be brilliant if they sort out their beds and improve their soundproofing. However as it stands I was dissapointed by Hostal Ballesta it had so much potential but it did not deliver for me. On a final positive note the hostal does have a left luggage room which was handy for me as I had a late flight.