Location: This hotel is situated in the city center, only a 5 minute walk from Bus & Train/Subway Station. If you are coming through flight, Terravision as well as other buses run every half an hour or so for all the airports from the station. Rome is a beautiful city which is also very rich in historical monuments and attractions and almost every tourist attraction is at walkable distance from this hotel. We stayed there for 5 days and took Subway (Metro) just once while going to Vatican City, rest of the places like Colossium, Roman Forum, Trevi, Pentheon etc can be reached by walking. The locality was very safe even at late night. We returned at 1am on two nights still felt very safe. Hotel: Room was of just sufficient size, and clean. There was a wardrobe with electronic safe. Bathroom was also average sized with basic toiletries. The staff knew good english. Hotel's breakfast selection was one of the best and most vast I have ever seen. Cereals, toast, fruits, beverages, meat.. everything was there. Air-Conditioning was perfect - although we visited Rome in the scorching heat of August, still the AC was sufficient to cool it down to a temp where you would feel the need of douvet. Internet was very expensive (4/hour) so we didnt use that. But still I will rate the service as "poor" because we had a broken shower that would throw water in every direction while in use and would wet everyhing like floor, mirrors, clothes, toiletries, etc. We complained about it the very first morning, but it didnt get repaired for the next 4 DAYS!! Although they did something to reduced the breakage, but still it would squirt water in all directions and spoil the whole bathroom floor. That problem kind of kept ruining our experience for 5 days. Nearby: Because it is so close to City Center, there are lots of restaurants just 2 minute away from the Hotel (especially infront of the Train Station) and they serve delicious, fresh, authentic Italian food at reasonable prices. Other services/shops close to the Hotel are: Bicycle, Scooter rentals, shops selling tourist guides/tickets, internet cafes, flea market etc. Conclusion: Excellent location, average sized rooms & bathroom, amazing breakfast and in case you don't face any problem like the one I have mentioned above, you will enjoy the stay!