We have just returned from a 4-day stay in the Augusta Lucilla Palace in Rome. Whilst this was a nice, and clean hotel, this is definitely not a 4-star ranking. We had a nice bedroom, quite spacious, with double-bed and enough wooden hangers for all our clothes. There was a lovely bathroom with an even lovelier shower but no bath. My fault laid in the breakfast. Lack of fresh fruit - meant we actually bought our own and took it into the breakfast room. The daily choice of Tinner Fruit Salad, Tinned Pineapple Rings and Ring Prunes/Plums was just not nice. There were plastic packets of the thinnest cheese imaginable - and you often had to fight with the plastic to get the cheese out. There were a selection of rolls, breads and pastries but we found that the baskets a bit off-pointing as they over-hung the bacon hot plates. There was a corn flake which were not corn flakes, natural yoghurt and some dried up cake. There was ample supply of water for teas and a nice selection of teas, plus coffee and hot milk. The hotel was in a good location - 5 minutes to the railyway station and metro - though we walked most places. The Colissium is about 20 minute walk away, and the main shopping street about 15 - once you get your bearings. The hotel was located in what I can only call a hotel neighbourhood as every other building seemed to be a hotel - some which appeared nicer than ours, some worse. There were some restaurants in the area but these all seemed to close by 11 pm. We arrived 10ish on Wednesday evening, and thought we'd get a bite in the neighbourhood as we were hungrey - nothing was open. We walked back to the station - nothing open. We then went back to the hotel and ordered some teas at the bar. We couldn't charge out hotel account as it was a separate entity from the hotel, and they only took cash too. There was a restaurant in the hotel - where one took breakfast - which I can honestly say I never saw anyone eat in. The staff appeared friendly - but never really acknowledged you as you and went on your way - day or night. They all spoke relatively OK English. Just watch the step leading to the staircase and lift. Tripped up on it a few times as it was quite a shallow step and not indicated. I have no complaints about this as such - breakfast withstanding - but I thought we did pay too much money for a 4 nights stay. I'd have not minded if the hotel qualified for 4-star status - but having stayed in 4 and 5 stars before, I'd have expected something a little more for our money and at least fresh fruit for breakfast.