Spent one night there between two flights from Bangkok to Taipei. Location is not the best and quite far from the beat of Kowloon... Check-in was ok, quite unpersonal with a bit nose up/arrogant male receptionist...who does not really care to give you any info about any facility of the hotel... Had to request to change of room as the first one was smelling a kind of wet paint... part of the rooms at this time are already under renovation... quite surprising for an hotel opens for than less 2 years... Same receptionist changed and escorted me to a second room, same situation and when I informed him about the smell, he replied to me that it is probably the W smell... I did not know that the smell of this brand is made with paint... Unfortunately for this male receptionist I stayed in several W properties and for sure this smell is not the W smell. As I had only one night to spent there I did not want to change again of room.... but this gentleman must be careful to confirm such incorrect info especially when you are facing a fan as me of W. Definitely a bad point for them... Went to the pool, nice, breathtaking but main issue is at 2pm there is no more sun and you have to squeeze in a very tiny part of the terrace if you want to enjoy a bit some sun.... I know that usually Asians are not really keen about sunbathing but what about us...???? Stayed there for almost 2 hours, no one from the bar or the pool came to ask me if I want to drink or eat something... too bad for them... a lot of staff... just making wind and not much more... When back to my room (3208), some very annoying noises of drilling were on until I phoned to their operator who informed that there are some renovations going on... too bad that a notice is not displayed in the room to inform... TV channels are not really clear and many times cut by "no signal", quite annoying at the end if you try to watch a movie as I did... Evening turndown service was done at 5.40pm, a bit early by a great gentleman very polite and professional who actually the only one to ask me if I need something... Wanted to check my e-mails and got the info that internet is not included in the room rate and have to pay 40 HKD per hour... such ridiculous and cheap it is,,, if you do not want to pay you can go down to the 6th floor where is the lobby and bars of the hotel to enjoy a complimentary wireless but you have to order a drink who cost you more than 40 HKD per hour. Such a shame for W to be so cheap of not including internet in the room.... Good point of the room was I watched for more than of one hour the sunset from the daybed and was great and certainly THE memory of this stay. Check-out was fully inpersonal, no one to assist with your luggage or to assist you with the elevator... maybe too early when I left at 7.30pm... In conclusion, the hotel has good points and go for there if you like trendy but for the W effect from the team go somewhere like in Taipei as I did not find it in Hong Kong... Too bad, the management have a nice toy to play but it seems they do not know how to make it great....