i don't voluntarily choose W chain because it's too "hip" for me. i prefer a hotel that doesnt have people milling around everywhere with clubby music playing all the time. this stay was booked by host company and has decent rates. hotel is pretty easy to get to via airport express/subway. check-in was very slow. very slow. i wasn't in a rush but i also noticed that the check-out line was very slow so i took note of that for my departure date. the staff apologized for making me wait so long, looking for a room. i requested a view of the HK skyline but i didn't realize that there'd be a huge ICC bldg in the middle of my view. the elevators to the guestrooms are very slow. sooo slow. and many times the key card doesn't work so i had to exit and catch a different lift that could read my key. the room itself is nice and the bed is comfy tho it has a lot of the annoying/cutesy W taglines labeled everywhere. some design elements of the room are pretty cool, like the sliding wall doors for the bathroom and the floating bathroom counter with the lamp post down the middle. the toilet has a blue deodorizer in it that makes it smell like an airplane bathroom. at night with the shades closed and lights off, there's still a ton of stuff glowing everywhere. the light control panel is glowing, so is the analog clock, and the big screen on the phone. it's a bit distracting for me. also you can hear music all night long. i couldn't figure out if it was from the downstairs lobby or from the hallway. i just remember wishing it would go away in my half-sleep state. the outdoor pool is a nice spot. it's 25m long and very toasty. it was a bit difficult doing laps because the floor is too dark and i couldn't tell where it ends and would get too close to the walls. it never got too crowded in the pool. up on the 76th fl it can get pretty windy/cold and i wondered why they didn't just make the pool indoors, but i was thinking that it can get pretty windy poolside on a beach resort too. the lockers here are pretty nice, with steam, sauna and jacuzzi with built-in chairs. i didn't find a swimsuit spinner. this is the first hotel gym where i've seen a heavy and speed bag (the speed bag was a little under-inflated and the heavy bag was on a stand so couldn't work around the bag--but there was boxing equipment!). they also provide wraps and there's a few gloves hanging around but i prefer not to use communal gloves. the fitness room is pretty spacious and has basic equipment. there's also a kinect360 video game which no one was ever using. the gym was not staffed all the time. if you have some spare time, stroll over to the ritz at to the top of the ICC for some great views of HK. so far, the views from ritz are not blocked.