I am a Platinum Member with Starwood and typically spend over 100 nights in hotels around the world. This is my fourth stay at this hotel in the past 18 months together with my staff, so now I am ready to write a review. This W is very new and well decorated. Rooms are well appointed and of course the heavenly beds are awesome. Transportation to all major areas of Hong Kong is very convenient (taxi, train, MTR) including to/from the airport. If you are looking for a hotel to walk out and "live" Hong Kong this is not the place. The hotel is co-located with a shopping mall and no other attractions around. Reaching "city attractions" and/or "points of interest" will require motorized transportation. Consuming anything (breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks) in the hotel will be expensive even by Hong Kong standards. This hotel will take every opportunity to make money in the form of service fees (10%) and high prices on services and consumables. The staff has a habit of invading personal space with their constant in your face "can I help you" while they pace around you whenever you are in a public space which is very annoying. It would be OK if they were to ask you once and then leave you alone. Instead the staff shadows you through public spaces after declining their offer for help. My staff and I typically end up feeling very uncomfortable and "speeding" in and out of our rooms and the hotel just to avoid the staff. As with most W hotels the layout of the lobby is totally dysfunctional. The bar and restaurants are not welcoming. Again a lot has to do with the layout itself and the staff. You simply cannot visit a public space, bar, or restaurant without staff all over you. It is hard to enjoy a conversation, drink and/or a meal with friends, colleagues, or business partners when you are being constantly interrupted by the staff with questions and/or removing items from the table in the restaurants and bars. Adding insult to injury, requests not to be interrupted and/or make accommodations for your preferences as a guest are not respected. During the Football World Cup the TV in the bar was not on and I asked for the match that was being played to be shown on TV, my request was denied. I was told that the hotel management had requested that the TV not be turned on at that specific time. Declining this reasonable request for the TV from a hotel guest seems to me contradictory to the hospitality principles of hotel operations, so I just went to my room and watched the match from my heavenly bed without the additional expenses associated with a bar bill.