Despite the gushing reviews, my own opinion is that the W is a nice facility that overdoes the coolness factor at the expense of practicality with service thats friendly but not yet up to top-level Hong Kong standards. The rooms occupy the 16th through 38th floors, with the lobby on the 6th floor and the ground floor having the drive-up lobby and access to the Elements shopping mall. There are two sets of elevators, one runs between the ground level and lobby and the other set between the lobby and the guest rooms. This means you have to use two elevators when leaving the hotel or returning. On the guest room floors, the elevator buttons are disguised in a bookcase wall decoration and hard to find. Two elevators also go up to the 76th floor where the pool is, and we found that sometimes those elevators would not stop at the guest room floors  so we ended up avoiding those elevators. As noted by others, check-in during peak afternoon hours was inefficient, with some waiting while the front desk checked available rooms. We rejected the first room offered as it had a faint reek of cigarette smoke even though it was on a no-smoking floor. The replacement room was not ready so we were told to return 2 hours later at 4pm. We did, but it took a 1/2 hour at the front desk to verify that our room was ready. When our bags did not arrive we had to call, after which they arrived promptly. The room, like everything in the hotel, has a dark grey color tone which is chic but cold. Some friends told us the room was 430 square feet, which seemed right. There are several annoying puzzles, such as how to use the TV (its hidden behind a sliding glass wall) and how to use the lights. You dont have control over each individual light in the room  instead there are buttons that allow you to select day, night or dream  each of which is a lighting scheme. There are canned ceiling lights over the bed headboard which shine directly into your eyes when you lie down. These can be turned off by pressing a button next to the bed thats labeled Pillow which we discovered by accident, thinking the button had something to do with puffing up the pillows or something. The lights generally fade in or out, so theres a time delay between when you flip the switch and when something actually starts to happen. The dream setting turns out the main lights for sleeping and turns on footlights under the bedstands and the bathroom counter that are too dim to disturb sleeping but bright enough so you can navigate if you wake up in the middle of the night. This is a thoughtful and useful feature. The labeling of the light switches reflects the Hotels penchant for cute names that make it difficult to figure out whats what. The hotel directory book in the room even has a translation guide (wet = pool, fire = ground floor bar, bliss = spa, etc.). The room has a floor lamp with separate fader switch. The window has sheer curtains and a thick blackout curtain, both of which are motorized. We had a fabulous room which I think means it had a harbor view. The view is not of the harbor towards Central, which is almost completely blocked by the new ICC tower, but is west towards Lantau Island. The pillow-topped beds and down pillows are extremely comfortable. Our room had 2 double beds which were somewhat cramped for 2 adults (definitely not queen-sized). Each bed has a small reading light on a wand, like you find in the business class section of airlines. Theres the usual wet bar items and hard liquor. The free in-room coffee/tea uses a boiler kettle and a stainless steel plunger-style infusion coffee maker. A packet of poor-quality coffee in a filter pouch suitable for a Mr. Coffee maker is supplied. Amazingly, when I called and asked for decaff, the hotel said they didnt stock any and would have to go the grocery store to buy some at my expense. No thanks. Two small bottles of water are supplied gratis and restocked each day. Each morning the hotel delivers the South China Morning Post into a small bag that hangs outside the room door. The hotel, which has a motto of Whatever, Whenever, indicated other papers were available on request. I took them up on the offer and called to ask for both the Post and the Herald Tribune. After some confusion, they confirmed that both would be delivered but the next morning I only got the Post. I called to remind them that two papers were to be delivered and, after the same confusion about whether it was doable, delivered the Tribune. The same routine was repeated on the second morning when they delivered only the Post again. The bathroom is large with a large sink and two faucets. The bathroom can be closed off by two sliding walls that meet at a corner or kept open to the bedroom. A sliding frosted glass door closes off either the separate shower stall or the toilet stall. When one takes a shower, the toilet stall is left open. After the shower, sliding the door open results in water dripping off it into the toilet entry. Also, since there is no step-over into the shower, water leaks out onto the bathroom floor. The hotel left a rolled up a towel on the floor in front. In the shower you can use either a hand-held shower wand or a rain bath from holes in the ceiling. The spray is even and gentle, but if you are the kind that likes a powerful stream of spray, youre out of luck. The bath also has a wand as well as a waterfall spout which is neat to watch but takes about 50% longer to fill the tub. The drain made a tremendous groaning noise unless the valve was set exactly right. There were 4 sets of heavy, luxury towels so we never had to call for extra towels, 2 thick terry-cloth robes and two sets of disposable slippers. The hotel provides both hard soap and liquid soaps. The liquid bath soap is labeled Soapy Sap and indeed smelled like tree sap, as did the shampoo and conditioner (labeled sage). My wife thought the scent was attractive. One thing I liked was that the small bottles were clearly labeled shampoo and conditioner in large letters  usually the print is so small you cant read it. Theres a lighted make-up mirror in the bathroom which you cannot turn off separate from the bathroom lights and it can be bothersome glaring at you while youre brushing your teeth. The electric plug is located around the side of the main mirror in an inconvenient location, and is the usual US/Euro 110V/220V combo. The bathroom counter has a fixed table lamp with a handy shelf to hold your small items. The bath has a small TV but its tricky to use the remote control. The TV has two sensors so unless you point exactly right, when you press the on button the sound will come on but not the video. We thought the TV was broken and the hotel had to send an engineer to explain the problem. The desk is well set-up with internet LAN ports, several electric outlets (Hong Kong 3-prong plug), and a desk lamp that is handy but located on the right side and therefore casts a shadow on the paper if you write right-handed. The wet bar snack tray has a universal electric plug adapter for your use that accommodates polarized 2-prong US plugs (where one prong is larger than the other). It does not accommodate US 3-prong plugs. There is a video port so, if you have the right cable, you can connect your laptop to the TV. There are also internet LAN ports next to the bed. The hotel charges HK$40/hour or HK$140/day for internet access. Free unsecure wireless access is available in the 6th floor bar area, but seemed to be limited to 3 hours. The telephone uses a touch screen and was somewhat confusing to decipher. Local calls are HK$5 for up to 30 minutes. The electronic in-room safe is wide and flat, perfect for laptops with room for other items. The large flat-panel TV has surround sound (speakers in the ceiling) and a powerful sub-woofer. Loud sounds like explosions in a movie made the room vibrate, but the room sound insulation appeared to be excellent. We never heard anything from adjacent rooms, the hallway or outside. There is a separate DVD player that can play US-formatted DVDs (region 1). For those who like to eat cheap, theres not much available as there are only nice restaurants in the upscale Elements mall and building complex, which is isolated by undeveloped land and construction sites from the rest of Kowloon. However, the 360 grocery store in the mall has a pastry section, gelato bar and 3 food counters: one for Chinese and Japanese noodle and rice bowls (about HK$50), one for sandwiches, coffee and egg dishes (omlettes), and a grill for a variety of hot dogs and burgers (e.g., chili dogs, Hawaiian burgers). Theres also a small pastry shop in the mall near the hotel entrance that looks fancy but actually is cheaper than the grocery store. Both the bakery and 360 open at 8am. We ate in the mall at a Shanghai-style restaurant called Xia Mian Guan that was not cheap but pretty reasonably priced. It had excellent food and great xia long bao steamed dumplings. Theres usually a line outside but the turnover is fast. As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is at the Kowloon station on the airport express railway and MTR (subway) Tung Chung line, with non-stop access to Hong Kong station on the Island. From HK station, its about a 7 minute walk through a new underground passageway to the MTR Central station and access to the MTR red and blue lines. There is no easy way to get to Tsim Sha Tsui from the hotel, except by taxi or free hotel shuttle that runs every half hour. Taxi access to Central is quick via the Western Tunnel which is adjacent to the hotel. Getting your check-in luggage from the hotel to the Kowloon airport express station under the mall is a bit problematic. The hotel said there was a dispute with the mall which doesnt like hotel porters pulling luggage carts through the upscale mall. But if you check-in for your flight early, say 8 or 9am before the shops open at 10, then the hotel porters can help you take your luggage through the mall to the station. Another advantage of checking in early is that there are no lines. Otherwise, you can use a taxi for the 1-minute drive to the station entrance for HK$16. In order to use the station check-in, you must buy an airport express ticket for travel to the airport. If there are 3 or more in your party, ask the human attendant at the ticket counter for a group or family rate. We paid HK$190 (one-way) instead of HK$270 for the 3 of us. The discount is not available on the ticket machines. We found it convenient to check our luggage and get boarding passes for our United Airlines flight early, then have breakfast, walk around, freshen up in our room and check out of the hotel before taking the 20-minute train ride to the airport.