I have stayed here twice. The 2nd time my booking said I was supposed to get an executive room which from the description made it sound like it was one up from the standard room, but it was exactly the same as the first time around! Room: Pretty small, 2 twin beds which I hate as I'm clearly 1 person I don't think it was fully booked. You can't even move them together as they're fixed to the floor! Bed wasn't very comfortable. It was however clean, had tea/coffee, nice enough bathroom. TV had more English channels than usual for a foreign hotel (usually just BBC news), had BBC1 & 2 which was nice. Service: Friendly staff - one thing I am disappointed with is that on my 2nd visit I was asked if I wanted to sign up for A Club theit loyalty scheme. As you can transfer the points to BA ones I said yes. I received an email shortly afterwards asking me to activate mt membership which I did. It said points arrive a few days after your stay. I didn't stay in another Accor hotel for over 6 months and I only checked my account a few days ago as I am booking into one (why would I check it otherwise?!). There were no points and when I contacted them to get them put on I was told you have to make the claim within 6 months. I find this quite poor considering that I signed up in the hotel when I checked in and received an email acknowledging this, so clearly I had stayed in the hotel, why were they not on my account? As I said its not like I had any reason to look at my account in the meantime, and I of course trusted them to do their job. This isn't really an issue with the hotel, more Accor, but I thought I'd put it on here. Food: Breakfast has a pretty good choice. I was disappointed with my dinner the 2nd time staying. I had a goats cheese salad, one of my favourite meals, and it was horrible. The goats cheese was more of a spread, it had a weird garlicy taste and a light airy texture, not at all like how I ever tasted it. The bread it was on wasn't toasted and really, for the price it was just very disappointing. The bar is small but cosy, we were there so long they were kind to let us stay a bit after it had closed but eventually had to tell us to leave! Location: Depends where you need to be. For the RAI it is perfect, a short walk away. For central Amsterdam it isn't very convenient, although it is right next to the station (overground and metro) which takes you straight to the airport and to the city centre in about 20 minutes. I would only stay here and recommend this hotel for convenience if you need to be in the area.