I stayed at the Emine Sultan Suites for 8 nights recently and felt motivated to write a slightly more balanced review given that the bulk of those on Trip Advisor seem rather enthusiastic. The Suites is a small (4 room) sister hotel to the main Emine Sultan located at what seemed like the edge of the tourist district. It is not a hotel as such but more a small guest house. We stayed in the top floor room which was lovely with a balcony facing the sea and a Jacuzzi in the room which was a great surprise. The room was clean and well serviced with a fridge, air conditioning, large flat screen TV, good shower and even a hairdryer which was useful. What I would say to balance this is however is that the service was not good. A few things to mention; there was a small Hamam and Sauna in the hotel which was never introduced so we never had the chance to use it. The breakfast service was variable and seemed to struggle in particular when all the rooms were full, the food on offer was tasty if slightly repetitive, but coffee often short and more not forthcoming. The hotel was also locked up when we came home one day which was disappointing. Most importantly however the hostess was very pushy about organised events in particular a boat trip and some sort of Turkish dancing night the former very overpriced and the later of no interest to us. These events were mentioned repeatedly for the first four days of the trip (to the point where we were dreading it) and when it became clear that we were not going to be taking up either offer service took a nose dive. This culminated in a very bad atmosphere particularly when it came to settling up and leaving. We had to walk up the road to use the credit card facility in another building which is not out of the ordinary but was clearly highly inconvenient for our host. Im afraid this left me with a bad taste after out most enjoyable stay in Istanbul. All in all its a lovely little guest house but maybe its best to go on the 25 Euro boat trip it might work out better for you this way!