I stayed with a friend at the Emine Sultan Hotel for five nights in March 2009, and like some other reviewers here, I feel as if the hotel where I stayed is not the one getting rave reviews here. I'm guessing that the reason we had only a so-so experience at this hotel is because while we were there, the owner, Ozen was absent. Perhaps the staff needs her presence to keep up standards. The hotel is in a very good location, only a few minutes walk to many major attractions. Be warned that many taxi drivers do not know where this hotel is located, so plan on walking. If you do have to take a taxi in Istanbul, be resigned to the fact that you will be cheated one way or another, and don't fall for the common scam where you give the driver a large note for payment, such as 50 lira, and he hides it or drops it on the floor and insists that you only gave him a 5 lira note. Get out of the cab before paying and make sure the driver acknowledges how much you are paying before giving him the fare. When we were shown to our room, the staff gave us no information about anything (such as how to use the safe in the closet or information about local attractions) except for the breakfast hours. Our room had 2 twin beds, which were hard as rocks. There was no top sheet on the bed, just a very heavy and lumpy comforter covered with a duvet. We had a view of the Bosphorus from our windows. Unfortunately, the windows aren't sealed very well, and not only let in cold air, but also smoke from the fireplaces of nearby houses and a lot of street noise. We could also clearly hear guests checking in next door in the early morning hours as well as the conversations they had in their room. Bring ear plugs. The bath was small, but adequate. We were served nothing like the breakfasts raved about in many reviews here - certainly no fresh pastries or cakes, and nothing like the photos on the hotel's web site. Just a basket of bread slices (no toaster), cold cereal, and assorted meats and cheeses which appeared to be the same trays set out all week. Coffee (very weak), tea, 2 juices and milk were also available. The woman working in the breakfast room was very nice, but did not speak English. Some of the staff had limited or no English skills as well. On our last night, the glass soap dish over the sink just fell off the wall, shattering into many pieces on the floor. I went down to the desk to ask for a clean up and the desk clerk could not understand what I needed. The free WIFI was nice, but it didn't always work properly. Overall, this hotel was just average and certainly not anything which deserves a 5 star review. I would stay elsewhere in Istanbul.