I have to be honest. I really wanted to love the Emine Sultan, but I just didnt. I usually rely on Tripadvisor reviews when visiting a new city, and I carefully read through the Istanbul Hotel recommendations, and emailed several hotels before choosing the Emine Sultan. I liked the tone of the owner/manager, Ozens emails; she sounded friendly and extremely helpful, so we chose the Emine Sultan on that basis. We took a prearranged shuttle from the airport to the hotel (20 Euros), and check-in was efficient and easy. There are narrow stairs you may use to get to your room, or the hotel has a very small elevator. We had room 203, which did have a view of the Bosporus, over the rooftops. The room was very clean, with two twin beds, a flat screen TV, wardrobe and small table. I was very impressed with the water pressure in the shower; it was great, and there was always plenty of hot water. There was a small refrigerator under the TV; it was filled with soft drinks, beer and water, but I have no idea how the mini bar worked, as this was never explained to us. We just bought our water elsewhere and stored it in the refrigerator. We were not given any information about the hotel by the staff at the desk, except that breakfast would be served between the hours of 8-10. No one told us where the guest accessible computer was located (its in the lobby, where many times, the desk clerk was using it), and I did not even know there was a rooftop terrace, until we accidentally stumbled onto it the last day of our stay. We never saw the owner/manager, Ozen, our entire visit. I am not sure where she was. It does seem to me though, that perhaps many of the Emine Sultans glowing reviews have something to do with her personality/helpfulness, etc., and not with the hotel itself. I did not ask for help with any sort of plans, such as dining recommendations, tours, etc. from the front desk, so I cannot comment upon the staffs helpfulness. They did offer the use of an umbrella when it was raining, but we had brought our own. In reading other reviews of the Emine Sultans breakfast offerings, I am wondering if we stayed at the same place. We did not ever see any cake or cookies or any other pastries offered at breakfast. For the first five mornings we were there, there was an orange flavored loaf bread which is the only pastry type food I saw. There was always a counter with three types of juices and most times a container of milk. Coffee, hot water and tea were also provided. There is tip box on the drink counter. Sometimes, there was also a bowl of fruit, such as apples. Another counter always had an assortment of cheeses, which looked increasingly weary as the week went on, olives, a couple different types of sliced meats, tomatoes, cucumbers, sliced French type bread, and some green peppers which were never touched. Jams and usually butter were also prprovided. I was very, very tired of the same offerings by the sixth day, and even though I am not usually a breakfast eater, longed for a toaster and some bread. The location is good and we walked everywhere in Sultanhamet, and never took the public transportation. Just had one very unpleasant experience with a taxi; highly recommend you avoid them at all costs, unless you are well versed on all the very many ways they can try to scam you. I advise you to bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper; the street outside has trucks going by with slamming doors and loud noises all night long. I am a very heavy sleeper, and it even bothered me. One night, I was awakened at 1:00 am, by the arrival of some new guests in the room next door. Even the hotel staff who accompanied them to their room, stood outside talking very loudly in the hallway for at least 15 minutes. Very inconsiderate. I never knew how to phone the front desk, but I did email the hotel using my phone to complain about the noise, but I never received any response. A note about the WIFI coverage; during our stay, it was very erratic, and often times would not be accessible for hours at a time. After these guests checked in, I could hear everything through the walls of their room. Unfortunately, they were night owls who liked to bang around and watch TV until the wee hours of the morning. Payback came the next morning as the call to prayer at 6:15 am woke them up. You will be able to hear this call from at least three different mosques, so if this bothers you, again, bring ear plugs. Check out was again efficient, but the desk clerk seemed confused as to what our room cost, and had to call someone to find out what the rate was (85 Euro per night). He was able to split the charge so we each paid half, which was helpful and convenient for us. The Emine Sultan was not a bad place to stay; the location was convenient and the rooms clean. I guess just expected more from reading all the over-the-top reviews and feel somewhat disappointed. Would I stay here again if I went back to Istanbul? Probably not.