My husband and I just returned from a wonderful 5 day trip from Ocean City. This was our first time staying at this hotel. We picked this hotel because of the location. We wanted to be on the boardwalk (near the end) and not spend a fortune. This is one of the original hotels (over 100 years old). The hotel is very old and full of character. It's a really neat place but it does have a few 'quirks'. If you don't know what to expect you might be in for a surprise. The rooms and bathrooms are small. A "typical" modern hotel room would be much larger than these rooms. The hotel has one elevator but it is quite old and I believe you need to have the front desk turn it on for you. We never used it. The hotel is 4 floors. The first is ground/street level. You go up one flight to the lobby. From there you have two more stories. We were on the top floor and didn't mind the stairs. If you have small children I would suggest requesting ground level. (They also list they have handicap accessible rooms. I believe these are the ground/street level.) The staff was very kind and helpful. We arrived early (11:30 ish). Although check in is not until 3 pm the staff gave us our packing permit early and pushed our room to the top of the list to be prepared. Our room was ready by 12:30 pm. The room was small but clean and comfortable. We had the 1 queen bed (no fridge or microwave). There was the bed, a dresser with a tv, small night stand, small desk and chair and pedestal sink. Yes, we did have the sink in the bedroom. You had to walk out of the bathroom and around the bed to get to the sink. One of the quirks of this place. It never bothered us. Since it was just the two of us we opted for the 1 bedroom room. Walking down the halls we were able to peak into some other rooms. The 2 bedroom rooms looked like they were a nice size. I even saw one with a portable crib setup and it looked like there was still enough room to walk around comfortably. The hotel does have a small pool. It was kept very clean and was a wonderful spot to cool off away from the boardwalk and beach crowds. Often there were only one or two families down there. It never seemed to be overly crowded. The roof-top deck/patio has several rocking chairs. It was a nice place to sit at night (too hot during the day). We will stay here again.