My main purpose of picking this hotel because it have 2 double beds so me and my friend don't have to share a bed. Also this hotel provides free wi-fi in the room and around the hotel, most other Downtown hotel you would have to pay for it. I have actually done some research prior to booking, so I kinda know what to experience, most of the reviews are generally okay. I was told by my friend this hotel had a complete revamped, torn down and rebuilt, where as they won't recommend anyone to stay before. The hotel is clean and tidy, and appears to have a steady stream of conference business. Free car parking for those who choose to drive, but parking space are on a first come first serve, and most places in Chicago have parking meters even on a Sunday!! On check-in 15 minutes before the official check-in time, the lady at the desk seems a bit overwhelmed, and asked us to wait, because one of her colleague went for her lunch break, and she had 5 phone calls on hold. After waiting for 10 minutes she eventually managed to check us into the hotel. She was very pleasant and told us how to get to our room. We found the room spacious; it has LCD TV and a refrigerator, good size bathroom and generally cleans. There are lots of area that the hotel could do better for example there was no mention of any of its facilities and amenities at check-in. No in-room service directory. There is a takeaway menu as their room service menu, it is a pizza place about a mile away on S Archer and you have to call and they deliver. There is a bar in the hotel, not sure if its sub-contracted or not, but it seems to serve lunch and dinner. There is a gift shop but it was always closed for the 6 nights we were there. There is a fitness centre we have called the front desk and they told us it opens 24 hours. There is also a coffee shop / caf that double up as a place you can buy breakfast/lunch/late snack. I wish they would have told us about this coffee shop, we would have went there instead going outside the hotel to starbucks a few bus stop away. There is also a business centre with free internet and printing. There is a coffee/tea machine, but I wouldnt recommend it, it tasted like sewage water. Overall, a very nice hotel competitive pricing on hotels.com with good public transport to the downtown area. We choose this location because we been to Chicago loads of times before, and would prefer a spacious room. For those who has never been to Chicago before, and does not need a parking space. Perhaps a hotel in downtown area would be a better option. But for us this hotel accomplished the purpose of our trip.