Im always suspicious of hotels which have a lot of 4* or 5* ratings where the reviewer only has one review. Is it really that good that people who have never reviewed before go to the effort? Anyway I shouldnt have worried. The answer is that, while its not that good, its a fine budget choice very convenient for McCormick Place. Two of us stayed for 4 nights (should have been 5  see below) for 1,000 (~$165 per room per night incl of taxes, etc) booked through hotels.com. This compared very favorably with the downtown hotels offered by the convention which circa $220 per night + tax and were a long bus ride away. Our flight was cancelled and the hotel staff were very quick and efficient in the two phone calls I made (one saying we would be late and then the other saying we wouldnt be arriving until the next day). Having got there, the 1st room I was given had not been made up. Then I got a room with an iron which had so much stuff melted on the bottom it smelt when turned on. The hotel fixed both issues quickly. So, what do you get? The hotel is pleasant enough but in the middle of nowhere. The room was clean and the wifi worked well. Everything worked. Not the best shower in the world but Ive had a lot worse. I think the closest non-hotel place for food is the McDonalds adjacent to McCormick Place  a 10 minute walk. Others have said that its a threatening neighbourhood. One cab driver turned off his location device when delivering us back one night as he didnt want a pick-up in the area. I didnt feel the neighbourhood was threatening nor did my female colleague who was quite happy to go running in the morning. I walked a fair amount in the area and we only once took a cab to the convention as it was raining. We never waited more than a few minutes for a cab. The bar is OK  bottled beer only and apparently not formally connected to the hotel as you cannot charge to the room. The caf is a bit of a dive but the one morning we ate there the food was fine. The exercise room has two joggers, two x-trainers and two bikes and a few free weights  typical exercise room really! So, all in all, a good budget choice. As an aside I wonder how long it is before this review is relegated down the list but lots of 4* and 5* review from people with a single review!