My friends and I just completed a three-night stay at the Chicago South Loop Hotel, which we booked through HW. On the upside, the hotel lobby is spacious and attractive, and I thought our rooms and the hotel in general were pretty clean and well maintained. On more of the realistic side of things (versus the downside), the Chicago South Loop Hotel is probably just a little shy of what most folks would consider to be a three-star hotel, and it really is not in the South Loop neighborhood of Chicago by my estimation. Location-wise, I would say 26th and State streets is at least a half-mile south of what most would consider the South Loop. The hotel is even south of Chinatown! The free surface parking behind the hotel was a nice amenity for a hotel near central Chicago, but also a necessity considering the location. As you approach the hotel for the first time, you may arrive at the same conclusion my friends and I did: that the hotel is in the middle of absolutely nowhere, which in many respects it is. However, upon closer review, you are about a 10-12 minute walk to the Cermak-Chinatown L station a half-mile to the north, and a short distance by car to I-55 and Lake Shore Drive. Its also not a bad place to stay if youre in town to attend a White Sox game, with US Cellular Field about a 20 minute walk south and west from the hotel (though its best to walk west on 26th and then south through the Bridgeport residential neighborhood than south along State to 35th past some vacant lots and slightly distressed housing). Once in the hotel, I found our rooms to be fine. Both rooms we had were pretty spacious by hotel standards but plainly decorated, with white walls and an overall lack of interior design and adornment. Most importantly, the rooms were clean and my bed was pretty comfortable. However, the AC units in one of the rooms got a little noisy after prolonged usage and had to be shut off in order to get some sleep. One of our rooms was skipped for service after the first night. Strangely, hotel staff had been in the room, because when we left the first morning, the room had no refrigerator and the room was configured differently, but when we returned in the late afternoon, we the furniture had been moved to make room for a small, seemingly new fridge. However, the beds and bath hadnt been touched. We called housekeeping after the second night before we left for the day and came back to find both rooms freshened up. No new appliances, though! :o) We didnt patronize the hotel lounge, gift shop or diner, so I wont comment on those. I used the fitness room twice during our stay and was generally pleased. The photo online is a little misleading, but the fitness room includes 2 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, 2 stationary bikes, a multi-purpose weight machine and some free weights. Nothing too elaborate, but enough to allow you to get a little workout in during your stay. As hotels are concerned, you can do a lot better than this hotel in Chicago but you certainly can do a lot worse. At the end of the day, I dont know that I can recommend the Chicago South Loop Hotel to a friend, but if I got it again through a bid on PL or HW, I could make it work.