First let me start by saying that I read the other reviews and I agree that the staff wasn't the best. I was there for a baby shower on a Saturday afternoon and when it was over, we started to load the cars with the gifts. The only people who weren't doing anything were the couple expecting and the kids that were at the shower. Everyone else had left except for the people who were helping with the gifts. It only took a few minutes to get everything in the cars and to get the rest of our things so we could go and as we are putting on our coats, a guy (restaurant manager maybe) comes in and starts yell "You need to leave now!" The shower actually ended before the time it was suppose to, so we were still under our contracted time when we were cleaning up. I should have known then to cancel my room for that night. I had went out to eat later that evening and when we came back, the front desk area was chaotic. There was a guy at the end of the counter talking to a lady and man behind the counter about the music on his iphone and how she can put music on hers. There was another lady behind the counter on the phone helping the guy in front of me and then the girl I had talked to earlier came from the back. Now my experience at other hotels has been, when a customer comes up to the counter you greet them and either say how can I help you or I will be with you shortly. We got neither. The first thing that was said to us, after 5 minutes, was is that yall? Yall been smoking?. I was truly offended. I dont know what made her even say those things. Im a customer and that is how I get greeted. UNACCEPTABLE! I ever so nicely, without getting too loud, said excuse me? I dont do those things and dont think that is what you should be saying to a customer. Mind you, nowhere in the area was there a weed smell. I guess she wanted some weed really bad. Maybe the hotel should start drug testing their employees. We finally get check into our room and it looks like a nice room but not the one I ordered. I requested a King size bed and was clearly stated on my confirmation email. I received a double queen room. I called the front desk and said I wanted the King room and she rudely said they were sold out. Now most other reviews said the area wasn't nice or safe and there wasnt many places to eat nearby. I don't really agree. I think like any other major city, you shouldn't walk alone at night in unfamiliar places and you should be aware of your surroundings. I do agree however, that all entrances except the front door should be locked after 10pm. When I came back in at midnight, the door on the side was not locked. As far as places nearby to eat, yes there arent many places within walking distance but you are only a few minutes from downtown. Hop a cab, and go eat or order something. Im not sure I will stay here again if they have the same rude, dont want to work staff.