This review has long been due. heres how this place is and what to expect. This is definitely not a 4 star. Its ambience is not.Facilities probably are. Room was clean and nicely furnished. Pots/utensils in kitchen were old and worn and didnt feel like using them. Breakfast just about ok.u get eggs/toast/jam/cereals/muffins etc. breakfast area has only 6 tables Room has a balcony. All in all was very good for the price we stayed there. again depends which room you get , and in which block A or B. The reception desk is in block A, rooms in this block are probably better maintained than the ones in B. Expect a 3 star and you wont be disappointed. Finding the hotel is pretty easy, all u have to tell the driver is near richmond hotel. Once there you wont miss it, its opposite a mosque. "We were never disturbed by the noise as some people claim " Our experience was spoiled by the hotel reception, who on our arrival said there was no room available so he would have to move us to Deira side of Dubai in a deluxe room. I refused because I knew in Dubai, most to see or to do was in Bur Dubai, not in Diera. He then kept us waiting for 30 mins and said a room (1bedroom) was now available. He sent us to block B. On entering the room, it turned out to be studio (not 1 bedroom) and I was really upset. Also the room didnt look very good. Went back to the reception and said we would in no way accept a studio when we had booked a 1 bed. He then said he would move us to a 2 bed room instead (NOTE THAT : from NO ROOM available, this guy now had a studio and 2 bedroom available , hah! ). He made us wait another 30 mins and finally said he had a 1 bedroom available so we would move there (NOTE: from no rooms to studio, 1 bed, 2 bed, everything was suddenly available) So almost after an hour, we finally moved to a 1 bedroom in block A, which was well kept and overall we enjoyed there. Again,for the price we paid, it was very very good. We booked via wwww.ebookers.com. This website and www.asiahotels.com had the same price. Moreover, award winning Indian restaurant "Gazebo" was just 5 min walk away. Excellent food. Anything more than 50-60 pounds per night, is not worth the stay.