I just stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend for one night. We booked it last minute on lastrooms and got a room for $100 (supposedly reduced from $380). (UK Sterling actually, but I cannot find a Sterling sign on this keyboard). I have no complaints about this hotel, but feel that all the 5 star reviews are a little generous. Yes the location is great, but I don't think the hotel is all that special. The room was a decent size (we didn't get a canal view) and the bathroom was nice and modern (the shower was pitiful but I guess plumbing isn't the best in old Venice so that might be the same everywhere). The bed was two twins pulled together, but it was still comfortable and not a problem. The room was nice, not that different from the photos on here, but I wouldn't say it was 5 star worthy. We arrived at midnight and left after breakfast so didn't really speak to the staff much, so perhaps the service was lovely, but we didn't really have long enough there to notice anything different from any other hotel in their attitude. Breakfast itself was standard fare, though the blood orange juice and apricot croissants were very nice - though the coffee wasn't so great and the fruit a little tired. Actually the only not amazing coffee i've had so far in Italy, though I think if you asked the waitress would make you something better than the stuff in the jug. There was nothing special about the breakfast, nothing Italian or different from what you'd get anywhere. So as I say a perfectly serviceable no frills hotel, and maybe I am expecting too much, but for $100 it seemed a little pricey for just bed & breakfast (no swimming pool or any other facilities) though in fairness Venice isn't cheap so it was fine, but if i'd actually paid $380 then i'd be really upset. It was fine for the night and I have no complaints, just don't expect anything grand. Venice however is one of the most amazing cities i've ever visited and would definitely go back and spend more time there. I would stay at this hotel again if I was in a rush, but I'd look for something better first if I had more time to plan.