My husband and I travelled with our younger daughter who is a junior in college. She had been studying abroad in Spain, so we met up with her at the end of the trip and visited Rome and Paris. We were on a budget and the price of Hotel Aniene was very reasonable compared to stories I had heard and prices I had seen. I guess that's why it is so far away from the ancient ruins, the Vatican, etc. The morning breakfasts which were included in our price were adequate. The bathroom was large but lacked any counter space, towel racks, or hooks. (Maybe this is a European thing. The same was true in Seville.) Bring your own washcloths as no one knows what they are. The only room for 3 was room 501. When we got to the hotel at 10:30 pm, a hotel staff member took us up to our room. To our amazement, we went up to the 5th floor on the elevator, got off, had to walk onto the roof to the door of our room. There was no working light, and we could not see where to insert a key card. The staff member opened the door for us. We asked about replacing the light the first 2 days we were there and were told it would be done the following week. That did not help us at all. As luck would have it, the temps got into the 90's in Rome the 5 days we were there. I got a horrible migraine from it. I could hardly wait to get back to the hotel the first day so I could relax in an air-conditioned room. Too bad. The A/C was not working, and did not work for 3 days, all in stifling heat. A fan was provided, but my headache did not improve inspite of taking my meds. We did a practice run from our hotel to the Vatican the day before our actual 10:00 am tour. It took 90 minutes to get from the hotel by bus to the Vatican museum. We allotted 2 hours 30 minutes the next morning. We asked for a discount because of the lack of A/C and the missing light. We were told day after day that only the GM could take care of that, and he was in Milan. When we e-mailed him a request, he offered a voucher for a free night on our next trip. We won't be going back.