Hotel and area: It is a nice hotel in a QUIET suburb of Rome. The room was clean and it had the basics. The only channels in English were the MTV and BBC news. Very basic breakfast and we didnt find any menu of what we could have ordered e.g. if you ask them, they can make you fresh orange juice or a toast. We didnt find it out until the last day we left! There is wireless internet (you have to ask at the reception for a code) and PC with internet access at the reception, 3 for 15 mins. The walls are very thin and if you have noisy neighbours, you might suffer. There isnt a mirror in the main room e.g. if you want to blow dry your hair. Also if you want to blow dry your hair in the bathroom, you have to use the hotels blow dryer because there isnt a proper socket there. Also, there isnt any shelf that you could put your stuff e.g. your toothbrush. I enjoyed the pressure of the water in the shower and the temperature of the room (it was quite warm). Also the beds were very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful although they didnt know basic things e.g. we asked for restaurants around the hotels area and they gave us only one which is 100 meters from there (you will pass in front of it in order to go to the hotel-you cant miss it). We ate one night at this restaurant and the food was okay, nothing exciting. The area is very quiet and it has very few shops. This can be an issue if you want to buy something from a supermarket or pharmacy. Although we didnt have any problem, we didnt feel very safe in that neighbourhood after 10 oclock (two females, early thirties). Buses: Yes, there are buses to the city centre but it takes at least 20 mins to get there and you have to wait for another 15 mins for the bus to come. So, each journey takes an average 30-45mins. When we read the other travellers reviews, we thought that this would be okay. However, we found out that this was the bigger issue of all. Rome is quite big with lots of attractions. If you want to spend a few hours in the centre in the morning, have lunch, then go to hotel to have a shower/relax and go out again for the afternoon/evening, this means that you have to commute for at least 2.5-3 hrs per day. We were exhausted doing that after the second day and we preferred to spend the whole day in the centre and have early nights. I assume that if you are going to spend a week in Rome or you are willing to take taxis, that might be okay. We had only five days and we wanted to see as much as possible. Taxis charge around 30-40 from the hotel to Termini. We bought Rome Pass for 3 days. This is a good value for money if you commute to hotel twice a day. Otherwise, the cost is almost the same as the bus ticket is only 1. Rome Pass gives you free access to the first two monuments and half price to the rest of them. However, you will find out that it is hard to visit more than one per day due to the queues and lack of time. Regarding your luggage, you can leave at Termini. They charge 4 for 5 hrs. Again, thats a good idea if you want to visit a place the last day and you dont want to spend your time commuting between the hotel and the Termini. We were in Rome at Easter and we had an excellent time. The city is beautiful and there are so many places to explore. Make sure that you have a good street map and ask policemen for directions if you are lost (most of them speak English and are quite helpful). The hotel didnt have to provide us with a map but they told us that they had placed an order. So, you could ask the receptionist for a map of the area. Overall, we would have preferred to have spend some extra money and have stayed a little bit closer to the city centre. It would have made our lives easier. In my opinion, hotel Aniene is a good 3 stars hotel in the wrong area.