This is a new hotel but I have to say it it in the middle of a "building site". Make sure your windows are closed before 7am as the noise of the contractors and their machinery is not good. Very clean rooms but tiny, no frills. Your room will not be comfortable enough to spend much time in, other than being asleep. There is one upright rigid chair and a very, very low bed. The one major thing that this hotel needs is a decent bar to come "home" to after a days sightseeing. The seats mostly do not have a back to them you feel as though you are not encouraged to spend any time there. Thank goodness to the fabulous Irish Times Bar turn right out of the hotel, then left cross the round and a short walk away you will stumble upon it on Leipziger Strae . http://www.oscar-wilde-irish-pub.de/it_index.html. We were made so welcome, the food is really good pub food with very good portion sizes. Back to the Best Western, we never ever felt that we could find a comfortable seat, in your room or even at breakfast, which I have to say is quite good. So many fruit juices, meats, cheeses, etc. One big worry for us was that nobody "policed it". We felt that anyone could walk in off the streets and eat there, we were never once (5 nights) asked for our room number. Luggage could be left there safely for a refundable 1 euro, but it does fill up very quickly. I would suggest going down and reserving your "box" the night before. The reception staff were really helpful. Free internet access in the reception. To sum this hotel up is: don't expect anything other than a bed to sleep in, in a clean room - which is all you could ask for as we don't want to see Berlin from a hotel bedroom. Be aware of the noisy works outside at the time. Don't expect to have a nice bar to unwind in after a full days sightseeing. You really must visit the restaurant in the TV Tower, not expensive but totally unmissable. Remember to book your table online before your visit. You will then get fast tracked VIP service up to the top. Unfortunately you are not a VIP on the way down but the queue does move quickly and organised.