I stayed at the Barcelo Ravel for 4 nights along with my wife from Sept 16 - 20, 2011. This hotel is located about a 5 minute walk away from Las Ramblas, the main drag in Barcelona. While the location is great for those of you who favor being out to all hours and soaking in the sights and sounds of Barcelona at night, my wife and I were disappointed in our stay and glad to check out so that we didn't have to stay another evening in the Del Raval neighbourhood. It's not that it is particularly unsafe, it's that it makes you feel uneasy. It could be the walk down C/Hospitalier to Las Ramblas at dusk or when you are returning late at night, or it could be the scores of sketchy looking people dotting the street, the stray dogs or the children running around with no parents and/or Islamic men in full gear staring at you or yelling at each other, but it just has a funny vibe. Nothing ever happened to me or my wife while we were there, but there was just something about the neighbourhood that made us walk quicker and breathe a sigh of relief when we were inside the hotel for the night. Hotel The hotel itself is extremely clean and well-appointed for the price point. I think it is trying for an ultra-modern/futuristic vibe because the lighting throughout the hotel seems to be all pink or silver, and the furniture in the rooms itself (while comfortable) looks like something out of a 2030 version of the IKEA catalogue. Rooms were very clean and the housekeeping staff obviously do an excellent job of keeping everything spotless. Truly, well done!! My only gripe with the hotel (aside from the neighbourhood) is the staff. Surly is the word that most quickly comes to mind. Julian on the front desk during check-in and check-out seemed to be in a bad mood. Not sure what was wrong with him, but perhaps a smile might be in order considering he is the first person you see when you walk in. But lest you think I am picking on him, let me assure you that his attitude and complete lack of helpfulness is shared by all the men and women who man that front desk. They can't be bothered to help and they seem to resent if you have the gall to ask them if they speak English. Oh well. My dealings with them were few and far between and of that, I am glad. I am also not sure who the older men in the sports jackets standing just inside the front door were supposed to be -- if they were security, they should a) get off their cell phone and b) dress more professionally. There was always at least one of these guys standing just inside the door -- who were they? I have no idea. They didn't offer to take our bags or help us with anything, and they sure didn't do much beyond yap on their cell phones or talk to the front desk clerk. The hotel also has a nice terrace -- and a very VERY small pool on the same level. Nice view but if I want an even better view, I'll go up to Montjuic. Overall, if you are looking for a clean, comfortable place to stay that is reasonably priced only minutes away from Barcelona's version of Times Square, then this is the place for you. However, if you are uncomfortable in neighbourhoods that are best described as sketchy and have an issue with surly, cranky staff, then please stay elsewhere. We certainly will be staying somewhere else next time.