We had a superior double room, 135 euros, on the 9th floor with a great view. The beds are massive - you could get two adults and a child in their comfortably, possibly with the kitchen sink as well. There are lots of cute extras - an ipod dock, an espresso machine we couldn't work out how to use, electric curtains that swoosh back to reveal a window wall looking out onto Barcelona through a mesh. You can hire a Wii, I think you can hire an iphone by the day too. Clean. Nice decor. Marble floor. There isn't a separate bathroom. The large shower is in a glazed kind of pod in the room. The sink is in the bedroom but is nicer than that sounds. All very modern. The loo door slides directly onto the room rather than being contained in a bathroom, which has its downsides.... It makes the room feel rather cluttered at one end. Breakfast is 22 euros so we didn't bother. We had room service which was really mediocre. I didn't eat it. Tapas downstairs were also mediocre. I wouldn't eat there again. The hotel is comfy but rather self-consciously over-designed. A bit like an opulent iKEA without the wood and calm. Life size plastic horses with lampshades. Pigs with tables. Teenage kids would probably love it. But it didn't feel that relaxing. Staff were polite, pleasant, and kindly let us into our room a couple of hours early. It's on the not so nice side of the Ramblas, but the area was fine. More interesting in a way than the Cathedral side which is full of chains and nothing but shops. It's 5 minutes walk to the Ramblas, 10 to Plaza Catalunya. It has a big, 360 degree roof terrace which provided a welcome breeze. 'Swimming pool' is not what I'd call the pond on the roof. It's more a splash pool, but there were people taking advantage of it. We didn't go up there at night, when I'm sure it really comes into its own. Only two lounge chairs as far as we could see, otherwise it's sitting upright on a stool or on some rather uncomfy benches. Nice to have though. I wouldn't stay there again, but it was pleasant enough. I prefer the Husa Oriente which we stayed in a couple of years ago, is a lot cheaper with lovely calm spacious rooms, and right on the Ramblas.