This hotel is pretty sweet in appearance and we were excited to stay here before we arrived. Unfortunately the final leg of our honeymoon trip is not ending on the most romantic note. Pretty much this hotel is smack dab in the middle of tourist-ville (AKA Las Ramblas) and slum city. Our first afternoon here we mistakenly took a right after exiting our hotel and ended up on hooker row. No joke, I would say there were easily between 10-20 hookers in the alley right behind our hotel. These hookers continue to line the streets for several blocks along with some shady characters who gave us both the spine chilling creeps. Needless to say, we don't feel safe here and feel even more uncomfortable at night. Also, this morning we had the pleasure to wake up to police, ambulances and firetrucks outside our window and the street was being hosed down. The hotel is also lacking some sound-proofing. We can hear ever word being said outside from seven floors up as well as from room to room and in the halls. The cleaning crew moves the metal bed frames on the tile floors when they clean which makes a loud screeching sound that is impossible to sleep through. Another thing that could be improved is the customer service. We bought a couple bottles of wine and called down to see if they could bring up a corkscrew and a bucket of ice. They told us we had to come down and get it from the restaurant. When we came down to get it they told us they don't have corkscrews to loan out or buckets of ice. Then the guy (who was very nice) looked around and found us a corkscrew that was left behind by another patron. It was filthy and we had to wash it off in our room with bar soap. We appreciated his friendly attitude and willingness to try to help us but really a hotel this price should have one of those cheap corkscrews for the room and a bucket for ice. On a good note: the beds are super comfortable, the door men are very polite and helped me out of the taxi, the deluxe room is good sized, breakfast is decent, the hotel is very clean, he decor is modern, and the hotel's close walking distance to everything.