We were a group of 5 people (family) and stayed over the weekend. My summarization is: The hotel is very stylish and clean, but staff could be more friendly and service oriented. the area is not the best... Hotel is very stylish so gadget people will love it. The hotel was clean and the beds were very comfortable, so sleeping there was fine! Be aware of the area... The area around the hotel is a little strange, narrow streets with prostitution and drugdealing also during the day. However, it is very centrally located, it is walking distance to Las Ramblas. Service really needs improvement. When we arrived we asked specifically for non-smoking rooms. We were told that non-smoking rooms where only avalable in 2 hours. When we came back, we were given smoking rooms.We decided to keep the rooms because it did not smell so badly. At 6 o clock in the morning the alarm clock went on that the guest the night before had used. I would expect that this would be one of the things a maid checks and switches off when she does the room. I had trouble dealing with this high-end-tech-thing that I wasn't able to switch it off so tired I was! In the morning we realised the hairdryer did not work. We complained at the reception and waited but the hairdryer never came. We went down for breakfast with wet hair and even after we came back still no hairdryer. We complained again and when we came back at night, we had a hairdryer but it was not working at full speed and was smelling like burned plastic. Breakfast is not to be recommended. The price they charge is too high. There was chaos in the breakfast room, dirty dished piling up, the buffet empty, no coffee, the eggs that we ordered were cold. When we complained we were not charged for beakfast which was a nice gesture. But what also counts is how a message is delivered and most of the staff hardly ever smiles! With some exceptions the service personal at reception and at breakfast made an overstrained impression. I would not stay there again.