We stayed in The Great Southern Hotel for two nights a several days ago. The location of this hotel is good but not very special. Its true that it is short distance from the Central Station and only a short walk to Paddys market or Chinatown. But to some of the other more notable attractions such as the Opera House, Botanic Gardens or Harbour Bridge, its a long way to walk. Luckily trains and buses are just a stone's throw away. To save us some money we booked, the so called No Housekeeping room. It only means that housekeeping people will not enter your room (to make your bed and clean your room) but fresh towels and amenities can be collected anytime from hotels reception if needed. Any dirty towels, rubbish bags can be left outside your room for collection between 9am- 2pm. If you change your mind about the housekeeping service it will cost you $20.oo per day. The no housekeeping option is a great idea. Our room was on the 3rd floor. It was basic. It wasnt spacious (rather small) but was spotless. (The whole hotel was clean and well maintained I must say.) We had no view from the window. The window was facing a wall but it was better than the room we were allotted first. The first room we were allocated was on the 5th floor and had no window. A seasoned traveller I knew that we would have problems with the room. Since we travel often to Sydney I know that not all the rooms have windows so I specifically requested a window in our room when we booked as I suffer from claustrophobia. To my horror we got allotted the room without a window. It was solid brick all around. We went back to the reception to complain and to my horror the two receptionists tried to tell me that what we saw was not a wall but a curtain. So we went back to the room to check and not to our surprise it was still a big wall. Anyways, luckily someone from management told the receptionist to give us better room and we were put in the 3rd floor room with a window. This room had a TV but with limited TV channels. No digital channels and only paid movies available. Air-conditioning was programmed to 20 degrees and nothing could be done to change the temperature. The unit was a bit noisy but not too annoying. Our bed was comfortable. We had 2 sets of pillows to choose from (two soft and 2 harder ones). The little en-suit was very clean with nice white, thick and fluffy towels. To finish- WARNING the rooms are small and avoid room 517 if you claustrophobic. Furthermore, they charge for luggage holding. It is $2 per piece which is not expensive but I think it is a bit of a rip- off especially if it is for a few hours. This service should be free for hotel guests. We may stay in The Great Southern Hotel again if we don't find anything closer to the city for this price.