I stayed here for one night in Aug 2009 and again for one night in Oct 2009 in a King Bed Deluxe room type. I did try to book a stay here in March 2010 through the airport hotel reservations service but they didnt have any rooms available here. I tried again directly with the hotel and they didnt have any rooms in any category available. On both occasions when I stayed, I had an early flight from Singapore the next morning so it was highly convenient to be able to stay right at the airport, which is probably the main benefit in staying here. The hotel is definitely more like a four-star place than a truly luxurious five-star property. The fittings and furnishings definitely do not merit a five-star rating and, in any case, Crowne Plaza hotels are not generally seen as being five-stars in terms of quality, the rating only applying to the Intercontinental hotels within the same family of properties (Intercontinental Hotels Group). So, the tariff for this hotel seemed to be a little on the high side on both occasions and it would be possible to get better value-for-money at a more central location downtown. I booked the second stay through the airport hotel reservations service and although this resulted in a better room rate, I later discovered that the room stay did not qualify for any points credit towards my account with the Intercontinental Hotels Group. The hotel rooms, although they couldnt really be described as being luxurious, were more than acceptable, being clean and reasonably well thought-out. The rooms were not very spacious but still comfortable. There were a few interesting features not normally seen in most hotel rooms, such as a sofa located directly in front of the bed, facing the LCD TV, with a small round table directly in front of this sofa. The room just gave the impression of catering to a late-night traveller who would be more interested in convenience and wouldnt place a large emphasis on comfort or space. The furnishings used were quite middle-range but they were well-integrated to create a functional space. There was, however, an iPod dock for placing an iPod player, which was quite a convenient feature. The writing desk, for example, had the room safe located in one of the drawers which is not something commonly seen. The safe was definitely not large enough to house a normal-sized laptop but a small one could probably fit inside. The view from the bed and sofa would be one of a wooden plank behind the LCD TV and I'm just too sure about it, as it didn't seem to integrate very well with the rest of the room. The same could perhaps be said of the wooden slab behind the bed. The bathrooms were quite large and included a free-standing bathtub but, again, they were not truly luxurious by any means, with tiles being used on the floors and walls instead of the usual marble or other stones. The bathtub was basically medium-sized in width and depth and the bathroom fittings such as taps and showers were quite nice, as was the toilet. So, the rooms basically were in line with the business-market associated with the Crowne Plaza brand. No surprise, also, that the hotel has plenty in the way of meeting and events facilities, particularly for an airport hotel. I didnt really experience any issues with noise on either of my stays but I didnt stay next to the planes and was facing the expressway towards the airport during both stays. The soundproofing was quite good against any aircraft engine noise. I could sometimes hear the faint roar of the planes taking off but the sound was so dull so as not to be really noticeable and would definitely not disturb anyones sleep. The views from the hotel room were really quite poor and were blocked by the unsightly steel structure which envelopes the entire hotel. Its supposed to make the hotel look quite unique and from the exterior, it probably gives the hotel a striking look but the views from basically all rooms would be obstructed and quite unsightly. The only service that I experienced at the hotel were the check-in and check-out and the respective counter staff. Both seemed ok on both occasions although the check-out during the first visit didnt seem like a very friendly experience. I never tried the room service because the hotel is located directly in Terminal 3 of the Singapore Changi Airport and the airport definitely does not lack in terms of dining outlets, even within the public areas. There is quite an extensive foodcourt located in the basement area of Terminal 3 of the airport, which is where I would go for more than acceptable fare. The airport also has a few more restaurant-like dining outlets and basically is quite an extensive shopping and dining destination in and of itself, which would go down as another strength of this hotel in terms of its location. The foodcourt in Terminal 3 is open till late at night but there are other food outlets and a foodcourt in Terminal 1 which are open 24 hours. Just a note regarding the Singapore Airlines flight check-in counter at the hotel where you can supposedly check-in directly at a desk located within the hotels reception if you are catching a flight with Singapore Airlines, well that service is only available from late morning onwards so in my case, it was not useful as my flight departed early in the morning. In summary, this hotel is really quite comfortable and adequate as an airport hotel but it does not provide any true sense of luxury and considering the room tariff, you could easily do better in a downtown hotel in a more central location for the same rate. I actually think that if it weren't for the world-class airport on its doorstep, this hotel would perhaps receive quite a different evaluation from travellers. So, the convenience of staying at the airport would probably have to feature prominently on the wish-list of any traveller if they were to justify the cost of staying here.