I'd read the reviews - I'd had high hopes - but staying at this new Four Seasons on the Bosphorus has actually put me off wanting to stay at Four Seasons properties again. I'm now going back to basics and looking for boutique hotels with charm and atmosphere. It's true the original part of this property is rather grand, though the majority of the bedrooms are in two annexes which have as much design integrity as a 1970's Holiday Inn. Our room, granted, was once of the cheaper ones on offer, however I don't think 500 Euros a night exactly a bargain. And again, it was so ordinary in design that it lacked charm and could have been anywhere on the planet. It further bugged me to learn that the hotel was virtually empty yet they couldn't have stuck us further away - and after having spent countless thousands of pounds at this chain over the years, I think they could have found something nicer for us - though of course, one must remember The Four Seasons is now a franchise just like McDonalds, so no longer does it have that intimate special feel, and no longer do they appear to look at your past record of staying with them - now, you're just a number. However, the main reason I don't want to stay at a Four Seasons hotel again is the beds. I absolutely loathe these bizarre mattresses that have step like layers to them, as well as mattress toppers, so the second you lay down you feel like you're drowning in a huge sponge that gives me back pain. Admittedly I prefer a firm hard mattress, and it seems the Four Seasons are unable to accommodate a guest that wants that type of bed. However, the 5 nights I stayed here were a nightmare sleep wise, so I was moody all day craving a quite area to sleep by the pool. And yes, before you ask, I did request all the unnecessary layers of the bed were removed - and eventually they were after a third or fourth attempt - however it didn't make much difference. Pluses - dinner served in the Aqua restaurant was very good - and the best food we ate in Istanbul. Breakfast is also very good if there are not too many guests around. Come the weekend when there's an influx of new arrivals everything went a bit pear-shaped. But there are some very good professional staff on duty. Maybe given time they'll get used to the weekend crowd that pours in. After one half-day of touring the sights we got back to the hotel for a late lunch around 3pm, we ordered a Club Sandwich - and 45 minutes later we discovered they'd lost our order and simply forgotten about us, even though our waiter had us within his vision at all times. At 4.30 we got something to eat. Sorry, this isn't acceptable in a proper 5* Four Seasons. On our last night, after an excellent dinner, in a virtually empty restaurant, we had to repeatedly ask for the bill, which finally arrived after I had to raise my voice just under 30 minutes later. We originally arrived on a Friday - and on Friday and Saturday evening after dinner it was really nice to sit outside with a bottle of wine and watch the river traffic pass by. And there's a great young waiter who will make sure you're warm by giving you a wrap, and position Propane heaters around you. But come Sunday all the outdoor furniture is removed, no heaters - nothing. Odd, no? Either you offer a service to your guests or you don't. Don't give one day, and take away the next! These may seem like petty gripes - but when you've not slept properly in a room that's costing you 500 Euros a night you expect everything else to run perfectly. One should also be aware - though it's no fault of the hotel - that getting anywhere from this property takes ages due to the ridiculous high volume of traffic that passes the entrance to the hotel. I'm not sure if I'll bother going back to Istanbul as I feel the whole trip was a waste of money - however, if I do venture back I will most definitely look for a small boutique property that makes me feel like I'm in Turkey - where I feel it's acceptable for there to be mishaps - and I'm not paying a fortune at the end of it. So, upon leaving, and being 4 grand out of pocket I couldn't wait to get back home and have a decent nights sleep.