OK, right off I have to say that I have mixed feelings about this hotel. We stayed in a 'junior suite' for three nights over the last weekend. The location is OK - very convenient for the roads into Dallas and to DFW plus the Galleria shopping complex is a very short drive away too. The staff are without exception delightfully helpful and friendly to everyone - couldn't fault them. They are a credit to the hotel. The room was standard Fairfield Inn but a little but gloomy and dark - ours was on the 3rd floor overlooking the back on the building. There was a king sized bed, a (presumably) sofa bed and two flat screen TVs. There was a desk and chair too. The bathroom contained the bath and WC whilst outside was a sink and vanity area plus a fridge and coffee maker. Not much space to put your things though. The room was on top of the pool area which means the aircon sucked in the smell of chlorine - not nice. You could also hear the kids having a great time in the pool - naturally peace and quiet in the early evenings was in short supply as they were all very loud (and the window wasn't open) Breakfast and internet access is included in the price of the hotel - I think we paid around $130 per night which is very reasonable. The small breakfasrt area off the reception was well stocked and maintained - there was scrambled egg and a sort of sausage meat patty plus some egg and sausage biscuits that you could microwave and take back to your room. There was apple and orange juice, coffee and some tea selections. Fruit came in the shape of bananas and apples and also some fruit segments in juice which were pre-packaged. I believe there were also about 6-8 different types of cereals (mini boxes) plus a waffle machine which was very popular. Pastries and toast was also available - overall a very reasonable selection. Coffee was available in the reception area in the evenings as was popcorn on one night - didn't try it so don't know if it was any good (smelled nice though!). There is a small shop with snacks available and i think a laundry but we didn't try this. There is no restaurant on site for an evening meal but there are places around that deliver a selection of food - a menu card is in the room. I assume most people either go into town OR drive a couple of blocks north where there is an abundance of family type places to eat. The only place nearby seemed to be a McDonalds. My main issue was that everything about this hotel was NOISY. The doors slammed shut and you could always hear them as people arrived and departed, the hairdryer was literally deafening - it was almost painful to use it. People in the surrounding rooms could be heard whenever they were in residence - even the wardrobe doors squeaked a lot. The old fashioned airconditioning was exceptionally noisy but it was essential - if you are a light sleeper you will have issues with this. I could hear airplane noise even though DFW and Love Field were miles away and lastly, I'm afraid to say the sound of children being allowed by their parents to run up and down the corridors shouting at each other was really really wearing after two nights (they seemed to disappear on the Sunday evening) Given the reasonable price compared to the other choices in the area, I guess this is very much a family hotel at weekends so be prepared for lots of noise from other younger guests. Maybe it is quieter during the week? Despite the super staff I wouldn't use it again unless I had no other alternative.