I stayed at this hotel April/2012 for about a month in a two bedroom suite while waiting for my newly purchased home to be ready for move in. I'm normally a Westin, Crowne Plaza type of gal but I wanted a more of an apartment living setting rather than a hotel so I chose this property, not judging the ratings. I must say, I really enjoyed my stayed. The location is nice, the rooms are clean and very suitable for living, and MAJORITY of the staff was polite and helpful. Except KALINA, the front desk agent that checked me in. She did not smile once and drilled the "party" rules to me like she was certain I was there to party. I am a young, attractive 24 year old but does that automatically qualify me as a "party animal" whenever I check into a hotel? And that's the way Kalina treated me which was very offensive especially since I was checking in with my husband and two kids. A couple of days of her being off was wonderful and relaxing. Every employee I saw smiled and spoke then I have to go down to the front desk one day and there she is with her frowning face...ugh so uninviting but I had to pay for my room so I couldn't avoid her. Anyway, after staying for 2 weeks and paying $120 a day I politely asked was there any way I could get a discounted weekly rate. Her answer was simple without eye contact, "No, we don't give discounts anymore." I've NEVER heard of any hotels NOT giving some sort of discount, but anyway "the clerk is ALWAYS right" so I didn't argue, just said "My husband will talk to the manager to see if hopefully we can get something good for the week." Her response in a sarcastic way, "well, if he wants to talk to me have him come down." I then stated I didn't know she was a manager(since she wore the same uniform as the other clerks). She told me she just handles all front desk matters and told me the managers name, which I forgot. I told her that's who my husband would speak with and she told me the only one who would be able to give us a discount would be corporate and even then it would only be like $5. Ok, the discount wasn't an issue. Not something that would make or break us (we're extremely well off) but it's always good to get a savings, so why not ask. I'm not a rude person or even one to complain, but it's uncomfortable to check into an extended-stay hotel and not feel welcomed or appreciated since the GUEST are the reason they're in business and all of the staff gets paid. Besides my encounter with Kalina I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for long term.