If my family did not always stay in timeshares or condos when vacationing, I'd probably rate this property higher. Unfortunately, I cannot help comparing it to other places (especially the bright, clean, updated condo we recently rented in Murrells Inlet, SC). We have been to Orlando nearly every summer and, as Marriott vacation club owners, have always stayed at one of Marriott's several timeshare properties there. This time, however, because of unexpected last-minute changes, we were unable to make an exchange for the exact dates needed. After considering several condo options, we decided to rent directly from the owners at World Quest. Although the exterior of the property is aesthetically similar to Marriott's Grande Vista (albeit considerably smaller), the similarities end there. Unlike MGV or other Marriott properties, there really are no amenities. Rather than a marketplace, there's a small overly priced convenience store (similar to what you'd find in a hotel lobby) with limited food selections. There's also no real fitness center but, rather, a minuscule room with four machines. There is only one pool, which gets constant full-sun exposure, with very limited seating in the shade. The biggest drawback, however, is that the resort is situated near the highway, which means there's constant road noise. As for the units themselves, they are rather dated and dimly lit at night. The living room area has a sofa that seats only two comfortably and two upholstered arm chairs. Fortunately, there were only four of us, but a larger group would not have adequate seating without dragging over one of the dining room chairs. The layout and placement of the television (which is bulky and old) also makes it difficult for anyone except those sitting on the sofa to have a decent viewing angle. Each of the three bedrooms, which also have outdated televisions, has a ceiling fan but no ceiling light, making them rather dark (even in the day when the draperies are drawn). In addition to the mattresses not being comfortable, the thin sheets are ill fitting and have to be repositioned every morning. Because the bathrooms, especially the shower in the master bath, are not well lit, they seem "dingy" even though they were clean enough. We also had to wash the towels after using them once because they felt as if they'd been washed in harsh institutional detergent and dried without fabric softener. In sum, while our three-bedroom unit gave us the space we prefer, it lacked many of the luxuries to which we've become accustomed.