Hold on tight this gonna be a long review about this place...We just got back from the Worldquest Resort, a family of 7. We stayed there for 10 nights. In my opinion, the only fantastic thing about this resort is 3 things: The distance from Disney parks, shopping, and the spaciousness of the rooms. We had a 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom condo,and it was gorgeous! Granite countertops in the full size kitchen, and it was stocked with silverware, baking dishes, pots, pans, cups, glasses, everything you can think of that belong in a kitchen, it was there. When I say full size kitchen, I mean microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, stove, and refrigerator,.. I loved it. Now, on to the rooms..HUGE livingroom which connected to the diningroom, ceiling fans in every room except 1 and bathrooms. Flat screen TV, DVD player... there was no carpet on the livingroom floors, and bathrooms, only carpet in the bedrooms. Master bedroom had a king size bed with 2 lamps on each side with TV and a en-suite bathroom....absolutely BEAUTIFUL!! My mouth fell open when I walked into that bathroom..the jetted tub was so big it looked like at least 2 or 3 people can get in it. The walk in shower was humungous as well; about 4 people can get in that. Granite counter tops in the bathroom with two sinks. The second bedroom had a queen sized bed in it, it was nice, and the 3rd bedroom had two double beds with an ensuite bathroom. There was a washer and dryer that was very nice to use.. There was also a screened balcony with sliding doors off the livingroom that displayed a lovely view of the disgusting swamp in the back of the resort. Please, Please, Please if you ever think of staying here request a room by the pool because if the staff decides to put you somewhere else, you will be disappointed. Here is where my complaining comes in: We did not sleep that well at night due to the uncomfortable beds, and the noisy freeway. The beds are toooooo soft. My fiance and I bodies hurt every morning when we woke up. I know as individuals we all have our preferences on what types of beds we consider comfortable, and we as people do not have the same classifications..well it felt like we were sinking in the bed, that's how soft they were. The linen on our beds looked thin, worned and old. It needs to be replaced. Every morning or in the middle of the night we had to put the fitted sheet back on our beds because it wouldn't stay on due to us tossing and turning throughout the night. I hated that!! Our room was situated by a nasty, dirty looking swamp, and the noisy traffic filled freeway..it sucked. My fiance and I couldn't be romantic at night or during the day with that! The walls are paper thin and we could hear all the cars that drove on the freeway...I asked if can I be moved to another room, and I was told that buildings 1 through 4 were all booked. We stayed in building 5. Please run! We went to the "so called" game room, and fitness center. Both rooms were big enough to put a childs bedroom set in. (probably half the size).. The game room only had 4 games, sorry that is not a game room. They shouldn't advertise that. The fitness center only has 4 machines in there, again that is not a "fitness center." The water pressure in tub, and shower was scarce. I turned the knob on hot all the way, and I could put my entire arm to feel it, and it was mildly warm, almost cold!! I ran bath water for myself and it took almost a half hour to fill up, that's how slow the water was running out. And it was like that the whole time we were there. The staff sent someone to look at it, and I was told that the water is like that because other people in the building was using water too (WHAT)?!? For the whole 10 days? WOW...anyway Another complaint, the lighting in the bedrooms, oh my goodness, we had to take the lamp shades off the lamps to get accurate lighting because that was the only way to make it brighter in the bedrooms. I ordered towel service for 1 day which was 5 dollars. I made the order in the morning at 7:30am, we went to the parks, came back at 11pm, tired, sweaty and wanting a shower, there were no towels. I had to call again for towels and I was mad as hell! That lost points for me..The staff is not particularly friendly only courteous, because that's their job, there is a difference between the two. The elevator in our building (5) was very nasty. We would start our day, and notice garbage being on the elevator, and when it wasn't, no one cleaned the elevator after the garbage been on there, it was gross!! Major point deduction on this issue as well! The pool was nice, but the water was salt water..another gross thing! Another annoying thing, the small garbage can in the kitchen filled up pretty quickly, and they never gave us new garbage bags!! Solicitors would slide pizza notices under the door, and we would wake up and see 4 or 5 pieces of paper on the floor from them..that got on my nerves.. Note, I am picky, however I do not like spending my vacation in a smelly building overlooking a yucky swamp, noisy freeway, so-so service, have to go through drastic measures to get proper lighting, cold water that supposed to be hot, and uncomfortable beds with worn linen. If management or staff or whoever can look into these problems, and possibly add a restaurant to this resort, this place could be 5 stars. There isn't much for kids to do at this resort besides, swimming, so if you are looking for any activities for your children to do, this is not the place. They only have a limited selection of cable channels there, so bring some DVDs from home in case you get bored with whats on TV... Disney and SUPERWALMART is literally 5 minutes away, if that. The size of the rooms are very huge but these quirky things that I mentioned, they need to get that together, fast. I don't think I would stay there again, however if someone wanted to be close to Disney and the other parks, I'd recommend it, but beware! Oh I forgot to mention, they have internet service there as well in the rooms by the kitchen and they provided a ethernet cord to attach to my laptop which was free.