Lots of little discrepencies we would have overlooked if they lack of sleep hadn't pushed me over the edge. From start the receptionist area was well appointed, clean, and moderately friendly. Newer 5-story building was 3/4 mile away. There were no luggage carts.Trip from cart wasn't bad unless, like me you are handicapped. There was oatmeal? turned upside down on landing outside elevator. It was there the next day when left despite informing housekeeping during bringing in our luggage. No blenders (really wanted a frozen drink). Matter-of-fact staff; could stand to be warmer on phone. In person they were better but rang fake. Beautiful room and pool area, both were like diamonds- enlarged to show details... Neither were as grand as pics on website depict. In all fairness, it was a beautiful warm environment in the room and quite. The patio was too tiny and noisy from nearby highway. The masterbath was simply elegant! The beds are we ALL had an issue. In three separate bedrooms we had no idea that everyone else is fighting with the sheets literally "popping" off the bed. The ladies in the twins beds commented they were small and felt like they were in cocoons when the sheets popped off. In the Queen bed, the individual fought tirelessly to get one side to stay on so she could get some sleep- to no avail. In the master bedroom, the King-size bed had a rough scratchy mattress and not even prayer kept those sheets on fo rmore than fives minutes. When I spoke with the front desk the next morning (Sunday), I was informed there was nothing they could do as their manager didn't work on weekends. I was told I should have called them at one in the morning so they could have someone bring me new sheets: 1) Each of us believed we were the only one fighting the human enveloping sheet monster and 2) my idea of a weekend getaway does NOT include changing sheets sometime around 2 in the morning when they finally got someone to our room. Remind me, when are most people traveling? In Orlando where tourism is the number one source of income, a hotel doesn't see fit to have a manager on duty....huh. In the end I would have considered staying at World Quest Resort again due to it's relaxing poolside and the attractive room, but the bed issue was too much and the staff to NO RESPONSIBILITY for making a comfortable sleeping environment. Regardless of whether one spends $39 a night or $2000 a night for accomodations, the one thing they have in common is the people are expecting a place to sleep that includes sheets on the bed!.