My husband and I, our son, daughter-in-law and 4 grandchildern (2yrs-15yrs) stayed at WorldQuest in June, 2009. Of course it had to be one of the hottest Junes that area had experienced in years. The condo was warm, the air conditioner had to be set on 65 degrees to cool, and then the two front bedrooms were always a little on the warm side (the beds weren't that uncomfortable, bring your own pillows though). We decided not to have maid service, (with the washer/dryer we did our own towels)we thought to bring out own bath soap, but I'm sure they would have provided more if we had asked, and they did provide daily trash pick-up. The frig never got cold, but kept food.Everything was provided, from cooking utensils to a couple of pot holders. I had read that they would charge if you used their dish detergent/laundry detergent, so we brought our own. There is a Walmart not too far. Easy to get to, however, getting back is not, no traffic light, so go during the day or early morning to avoid traffic.The pool was great, clean considering we had two evening storms while there, the spa was being worked on the last couple of days we were there, however, we were there to visit DisneyWorld, so it wasn't that big of a deal. The daily breakfast was fair. Coffee, juice,milk, cereal, pastries, bagels and toast,with jam and butter. There was always plenty of room in the breakfast area, but then we got up and out early. However, one day we were a little late and noticed some guests would bring platters and really pile on the food to take back to their room. Not sure about the transportation to/from WDW. From the schedule it wasn't convienient for us with a 2 yr old needing down time. My real complaint is that the tile floors were dirty. I don't mean a little dirty, down right black. Not until the last night did we find a mop in one of the bdrm closets. All in all, it was a great place for the money, the distance to WDW (we had our own cars) and the spaciousness of the condo. We had the 3 bdrm ,and with as many people in our group, we had plenty of room. Even the teen liked it. I can't say how the staff was, though we did call a couple of times for assistance and was immediately helped. So I suppose they were quick to respond. For just my husband and myself, we wouldn't stay at WorldQuest, but would stay on Disney property, however, for a large family/group I would recommend WorldQuest. The rate was great, including park tickets, and it was really pretty. Looks just like the photos.