Check in was an easy affair. The clerk was very polite. We had a two bedroom unit. It was in the newer section (buildings 5,6 & 7). It was clean and nicely furnished with two bathrooms. The bedrooms are on the smallish size, especially the bedroom with the two twin beds but you really don't spend much time in the bedrooms. We had one television in the master bedroom and one in the living room. I wish that the second bedroom had a television because the tv in the living room was right off the master bedroom and it was a bit noisy when I wanted to sleep and my older kids wanted to watch tv. The master bathroom was very large with a shower, two sinks, and a jacuzzi. The unit had a full kitchen with utensils, dishes, pots, pans,coffee maker, toaster, etc., a dining area and a living room area plus a very nice screened in terrace. A washer and dryer is provided. I loved this as I like to come home with clean clothing. Every morning there is a continental breakfast provided at the clubhouse. It consisted of muffins, pastries, bagels, bread, cereals, juice and coffee. Sometimes there were apples and bananas but I think that once they ran out, they were not replaced. I didn't use the pool but the pool and the pool area looked very nice. I wish that I could have given this property a higher rating but there were some problems that I feel are not acceptable for a property that is supposed to be a higher end resort. 1. Limited housekeeping. Housekeeping consisted of the beds being made and garbage removal. I believe the sheets were changed every couple of days. You can pay to have full cleaning service - I think it was about $30 a day. No clean towels, etc. I don't recall the hotel's website mentioning this. Some people who work hard all year might prefer not to have to clean up after a long day at the park or wash towels every night. Others might like to know of this policy prior to arrival so that they can bring some light cleaning supplies from home like laundry detergent, softener and fantastik for the kitchen so as not to have to run to the local market or have to buy overpriced cleaning supplies at the hotel. 2. Towels - the towels provided were not the best quality. I didn't expect that they would be but the were pretty dingy looking and one was even ripped. Some clean, fresh looking towels would have been much more pleasant. 3. Bedding - Two of our sheets had holes in them. The sheets were on the thin side. Also, the blankets were made of a very thin woven cotton. 4. No hot water - I was really anxious to use the lovely jacuzzi in the master bath. Unfortunately, once the tub was 1/4 full the hot water turned luke warm at best and bath time was over. Taking a shower caused the same problem. Bathing or showering in coldish water was no fun at all. 5. Noisy pipes - there was a constant banging coming from my bathroom. I can only assume it came from the pipes as I couldn't figure out any other source. This property has a lot of potential and I think most of the problems I encountered could be easily corrected. I hope that in the future they are.