We recently stayed at WQ in Jan 2008 for 12 nights so we have a pretty good read of the place. TIP: I was going to book a 3 bedroom condo at WQ off Expedia which listed at $375 per night. I booked directly with the hotel for $279 per night. A huge savings. Call the hotel directly and ask for specials! WorldQuest was a very economical solution, especially for a large group like ours (ie. 4 adults, 2 kids). Staying on Disney property would have bankrupted us so the value is definitely there. The three bedroom condo was spacious and well appointed. The property is newer, nice and has decent amenities. Our stay overall was satisfactory, however this resort fails on delivering on the small details. The devil is in the details! -When we checked in at midnight the room they sent us to had not been made up. The next room they sent us to was the same. And the third. We did not end up in our eventual room until 1:30am after a 14 hour drive that day. To add to the fun, the elevator on our buidling wasn't working and we had to haul luggage for 6 up 4 flights of stairs. Not fun. -Housekeeping did not thoroughly clean the rooms to a hotel standard. All they did was make the bed and replace towels. Any dirt that would accumulate in sinks, floors, carpet would just sit there until we cleaned it ourselves. -Many things in the room would not work. Room safe didn't work and needed engineering help. Batteries were dead in one TV remote and also on the keyboard for internet -We were missing basic kitchen items like a frying plan, towels, and other items. They were supplied after we called but it was an inconvenience nonetheless. -Cleanliness of the resort was spotty. For instance, the day after we arrived we noticed that someone spilled some Fruit Loops cereal in front of the entrance door in the landscaped area. We're talking like 8-10 pieces of cereal - hard to miss. It was obvious. 10 days later on our departure they were still there. It became a running joke when we would go for breakfast - "Are the fruit loops still there?" There are some positives: -The pool and spa are very nice and spacious. Contrary to another review I can assure you the pool is heated. -The Contintenal Brkft was fine and the fridge full of drinks was good to load up on cold water before heading out for the day. -Contrary to some other reviews I found the staff friendly and genuine when it came to addressing concerns. -If you are doing DIsney World the location is very convenient. You can drive to the themeparks from WQ in no time, even faster than most hotels on Disney Property. Plus the roads surrounding aren't very busy so there is no congestion. Everything you need is a couple of minute drive on US-192. You need a car as nothing is walking distance. Conclusion - if you have a large family or are staying for an extended period of time then this is a good option for you. If you are a family of two or four, and staying for only a few days I think there are better options out there.