I love the marriot, dont get me wrong and I LOVE the pools but this place had some annoying factors. At one marriot my original room had a broken airconditioner and I was placed in another, I didnt complain b/c i wasnt double charged and it still came with a bed. First, the pros; Manager was nice, pool was great,*heated* comphy bed, good food, I like those mini coffee pots, nice location...of the hotel. Now the cons, the maids. ALWAYS the maids. =S Heres my story, I drove SEVERAL hours and was beat. I was on the 3 or 4th floor faceing the lobby, where they set up breakfast. How do I know? Well, the Noise, noise NOISE. At the crack of dawn as employees would make themselves know that they were setting up breakfast b/c I can hear it LOUD and clear. I didnt complain b/c they were just doing their job....in a LOUD way. So I lost several hours of sleep after I was dead beat tired from the long drive. The next con was, on the day of checkout, being at noon*forgot* trying to get as many minutes left on sleep, at 7something am the MAID unlocked my door, Didnt announce herself, ENTER MY ROOM, TURN THE LIGHTS ON and say 'oops." when she realize I was still there. I said to her, I found out later she didnt speak english, I have sevarl hours in this room left. I always put everything together before the checkout day so I can rest, washup and leave w/o worrying about anything else. But back to my story, She leaves and I look at the clock, the time being close to 8am, checkout at noon/or 11, one of the two. I try to sleep through the workers making noise with the dishes downstairs and 30 minutes later, the maid walks in, turns the lights on, yanks my sheets off and says 'oops' and walks out. I put the do not disturb sign up and try to fall asleep. 40 minutes later, she opens the door AGAIN!! Turns the lights on and realizes Im there and says 'you no go?" "No, you go." She did and guess what, she does it again. It was rediculous so I call downstairs and complain about the lady. I cant sleep now since people are laughing and talking excessively loud and I go to wash up. I come out of the bathroom and shes back in my room pulling the sheets off my bed. I complained downstairs and they were nice to give me a free stay, though I would of liked my money back. Still, they were nice about it. Just be sure to know where your room is at and...heads up on the maids.