This place seemed bigger (lobby ,etc.) in the pictures than it really is. I liked the different style but when you take away the experience of not staying at a cookie cutter hotel, this place is just ok. The staff is very nice and accommodating, however a few other things overshadow this place. For the evening reception the bartender was very rude. He would not acknowledge that we were standing there and wouldn't look at us when we did ask questions. There were only 3 drink choices for the reception (2 of them wine) and the beer (which is what we all got) was warm. We then went to ask the bartender if there was a full restaurant and he asked, "Where?" - as if he didn't know - and when I said "in this building I guess" he said "yeah we have menus right over here" (I don't understand why he asked me where when he already knew). The waitress was very nice, however, and even wished us a good night when we abandoned our drinks and decided not to order from the restaurant there. We didn't go to the cookies and milk (but I heard they ran out of cups) and breakfast was just OK and items ran out very fast with the number of guests there and we'd have to wait to get more. Finally, the elevators need updating (some of them work funny) and most importantly they are loud if you get a room where you can hear them going up and down all night. Also, our room was right above the common area outside the hotel, and although we were on the 9th floor there was one very loud group out there in the middle of the night, and later there was another "incident" where 3 guys were screaming at each other for at least 30 minutes. I was very curious as to why the hotel did not call an officer or otherwise stop that madness from disturbing guests as I'm sure if I heard them from inside my room on the 9th floor, someone else had to too. I also turned on our heat but didn't notice it working at all, and another guest in our party didn't have any of the $3.00 bottled water in his room to consume and when he called the desk they were apparently out and couldn't restock (and the vending machines only had soda). At any rate, there were obviously good things and bad things about this hotel. However, (aside from the bartender) staff was again nice and willing to help if you came to them. The shuttle service and valet are also good. I'm just not sure if the lack of little details that you expect, or the noise and poor value of our reception experience will make me feel comfortable enough to come back again.