I had high hopes for the Magnolia. The lobby is unique and kind of swanky without feeling pretentious. The Magnolia seems to be a deal, in a good area downtown until you hit the traffic it takes 30 minutes to make the turn to get around the block to the hotel, to get in line to the valet. However, check-in was fast, but things deteriorated quickly when we're told there are only Queen suites left (apparently the weddings have overtaken the entire hotel. More below). But we figure, okay, a Queen suite will be okay instead of a King, right.... WRONG. We go up to find our Queen suite is actually a rather dark, odd two-room affair with a bed that is in reality closer to a full-size. For adults this is ridiculous. I spent most of both nights falling out of the bed along with the pillows. The rooms were so dark I thought I was in an "off the strip" Vegas special. With the blinds open and all the lights on it was still so dark I wondered what they were hiding. The bathroom was a big, but nothing special. We had a kitchen. We didn't need or want one. We had a living room, didn't need or want one. Okay, onto the other amenities. This isn't a posh modern hotel. It is an old office building that has been converted. And it's not charming. It's just OLD and dark. We quickly discovered the Magnolia turns into WEDDING CENTRAL on the weekend. Several wedding parties had taken over the entire lobby, bar and parking area. Lovely. They swarmed the lobby and sprawled everywhere to take photos. The bar is packed. This beautiful hotel has turned into Disneyland complete with crying babies, whining kids and young women in what I can only call club wear (which apparently now passes for wedding attire). Sweet. Cheap entertainment! You'll be happy you have it -- because you're gonna need it while you wait for the VALET aka the waiting area from hell where they say they are getting your car (or hopefully find it eventually) or maybe get you a taxi (see more below). The Magnolia Promised several "free" goodies like cocktail hour, breakfast buffet. and milk & cookies at bedtime. However.... we had problems with all of them ... or and a bit more. What did NOT WORK: 1) Free cocktail hour: We went down, but the bar was so jam packed we could not get through in any direction. We gave up and left. Not a table open, not even a chair (again due to the wedding(s)? Really shouldn't the wedding parties cocktail/bar be separate from regular hotel customers? So much for that freebie. Next! 2) The breakfast area was so full we stood up to eat for the first few minutes. Classy. I felt like I was at any resort area hotel with a kiddie attraction (aka Disney World) -- you come down for breakfast and it's packed with the families and kids are everywhere, like locusts. They will eat ANYTHING that doesn't eat them first. The eggs were cold and had an odd texture (almost like powdered or something... very odd). There was no meat on the buffet. The potatos were cold and greasy. It was toast-your-own bread. No where to sit. So stand, hold your juice & balance your plate and eat. Charming. Am I at the Motel 6? Within a few minutes, before we could even get a cup of coffee the entire "buffet" was broken down and wheeled away. Who closes breakfast at 10 a.m. on a weekend? I wondered again if this disasterous mob scene was due to the multiple weddings. Should everyone in the hotel be punished because of the wedding parties? Thanks Magnolia Hotel for this fine freebie. 3) The noise was horrendous. I was kept awake until after 2 a.m. on both nights. Motorcycles, horns, cabs, yelling -- it was insanity. We were on the 22nd floor and it was AWFUL. I might as well have slept out on the street. 4) Super slow elevators. Oh and be prepared. The wedding parties don't mind cramming in on top of you to the point of knocking you down. Oh and you're welcome. Just move the ___ out of their way already. 5) Valet system was a nightmare in general. We paid $24.00/ & used our car ONCE. When we came down to get a taxi on our second night, the valet area was a disaster zone. We waited and waited and waited ---- and we were PAYING them $24 a day for this service? They even stick a note in with your bill on check out day instructing you NOT to call for your car. That's right -- you are paying for the service and they are now asking you not to use it. So at check out time you get to go down and wait in line (yes, like security at the airport but even MORE disorganized). A less than stellar ending to our stay. What?! And I'm paying for this "service"? This pushed what a been an annoyance on previous occasions to a point of no return. 6) Top covering on bed was like burlap. Really cheap, really tacky. As we say in Texas, "Tacky McTack Tack." 7) No luggage rack. 8) One bathroom for two people 9) Small vanity in bathroom (so small that I laid a towel on the floor and used that to lay things on). Crazy, huh? 10) Full size mirror in the bedroom but so dark I still couldn't see to check my clothes before leaving. Put the full size mirror in the bathroom if that's the only place where there is ANY lighting. The good: 1) Night #1 the valet staff was wonderful. I think we caught them just before the mass of wedding guests arrived and left. We came down to get a cab & the valet staff offered to take us in the hotel's SUV. 2) Front desk staff was courteous, friendly, helpful. Professional. Sharp. 3) The hotel lobby was beautiful, clean, well-kept; unique architecture. 4) The bed was comfortable (though small). Silky sheets, super-light comforter. Plenty of pillows. This is probably a different hotel during the week. I can't recommend it on the weekend though. The $24/day for valet is a joke. The cocktail hour and breakfast is also a joke. I even tried writing the management of the Magnolia. They care so little they have not responded at all. Apparently, they only care about booking weddings. We won't go back. Yes, The Magnolia was a good deal, but price isn't everything. We paid the price for going cheap. Can't recommend it. We'll pay the extra $ next time and avoid the noise, Wedding Central and the rest of the mess.