This hotel is located in the downtown business district. The building itself is old with the red Pegasus neon sign on top, linking it to the Magnolia Petroleum Company in its hey days. Although renovated it exudes a dark aura. The colour scheme of the room also did not help with its grey walls, dark carpet & wooden louvres on the windows. However, the front desk was helpful and efficient. The same can be said of the staff at the buffet breakfast. This complimentary meal is available to all guests in The Lounge on the mezzanine floor. You get sausages, bacon, porridge, toast etc., fresh fruits, juices, tea and coffee. Completely self service so just grab your stuff and grab a table or share one with others. Eggs are served by a chef at an adjacent station, but a charge of around $6 is levied. Anyway the free stuff is more than enough for a good breakfast. From 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm, you can get a free drink at the bar in The Lounge. Then from 8 to 10 pm there's hot milk & cookies. These complimentary services are quite unique. The lifts were not modern and fast. We were there at the Labor Day weekend, with lots of guests wanting to go down in the morning, making getting into a lift an interminable wait. Lifts after lifts were full. In our room the airconditioner outlet was facing directly our beds. As a result the blast of air was hitting my face/head full on, which became unpleasant after awhile. However, there was a major heatwave in Dallas then and it would be just as uncomfortable to turn the airconditioning off. We just had to tolerate the oft interrupted sleep. The hotel is quite close to the Neiman Marcus store and about 3 blocks away from the Akard Station if you need to use the DART rail system. We found that was quite a convenient way to get around Dallas or further afield. There was also the complimentary hotel shuttle which you can use to get to other downtown areas. If you're looking for somewhere else to eat there are restaurants behind the hotel in the next street (Main Street).