My husband and I stayed here for our one year anniversary and it was sub-par. Definitely not what we would expect for a high-end, highly regarded boutique hotel in the heart of upscale Dallas. We stayed for a romantic weekend getaway that ended up feeling like we were camping out in a cheap apartment rather than a nice hotel. We participated in the pay full in advance and receive 20% off and a suite upgrade special, but the walls of our room were paper thin and you could hear people flushing their toilets and coming in and out of their rooms. The view from our window looked at another window of a dingy building and the bed and sofa were as hard as bricks. Furniture was all cheap, IKEA particle board stuff that felt as if it would fall apart if you sneezed in the room. The shower had stains in it and the tile was not as nice as what you would find in a manufactured home. In addition, the water would not stay hot for the duration of a shower/bath. We experienced some not-so-pleasant lukewarm bathing. Breakfast buffet was simple eggs and fatty sausage served on plates the size of tea saucers and there werent enough tables for everyone to sit at so you had to wait until someone got up secure a place to eat your food. We stayed two nights and decided to sleep in past breakfast the next day because it wasnt worth getting out of bed for. They give you drink coupons as you arrive but they are only good for their one hour daily happy hour so its really not that big of a perk unless you are accustomed to using your three drink coupons per person within the 5:30 PM  6:30 PM time framehow convenient, happy hours over now so drinks are on you! To top things off, at the end of the trip we had to wait 35 minutes for the valet to return our car! We tried calling the valet from our room in advance but their line was busy for 30 minutes so we decided to just go down and get it. When we got to the lobby it was PACKED full of people waiting for their vehicles. Finally we walked further outside of the circle drive to see what the hold up was and saw our car locked up on the side of the building. We finally flagged down one of the many valets walking around like chickens with their heads cut off and asked if we could please get our keys and he shrugged and came back 10 minutes later with them in hand. All in all, our experience could have been worse but it was NOT what we expected to say the least. Id rather stay in a medium-grade Marriot/Hampton Inn than this trendy, over-priced beehive. I still feel like we were ripped off but had we paid anything higher thank we did  i.e. regular price we would be LIVID!