My daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights in June . Got a good price on PL. I felt some of the reviews I read here were somewhat unfair, as I found the hotel to be quite adequate, but maybe I did not go expecting much. Ok, true, SOME of the rooms are small, but not all of the rooms. As we walked down the narrow halls, we peeked into some of the ones that housekeeping was cleaning, and I noticed a few different sizes. We had a corner room, with windows facing the Plaza/Courthouse, and I would say it was slightly larger than others. We had 2 double beds. Did not experience any bedbugs, and the room was clean. True also the Hotel is OLD. It is a Historic hotel, There is no pool, and I didn't see a gym. The internet connection sucks. The bathrooms are tiny and have been decorated in what I think was supposed to be art deco style. You can barely turn around in them, and there is nowhere to put your toiletries, not cool for 2 females sharing a bathroom. There are no microwaves or fridges in the room. So don't bother saving your leftover 40 dollar dinner to eat later, lol. The lobby served cookies and milk, we did not eat in the adjoining resturant. We did eat the free breakfast, and it was fine, clean and sunny eating area on the 2nd floor. Yes elevators are small, so if you have lots of luggage, it may require 2 trips. There is only 1 computer in the lobby and the printer was out but the front desk printed our boarding passes for us. The location is great, across the street from union station, and the metro rail, which can take you all over dallas for 4 bucks, and you can walk to Market square, where there are all types of eateries. We also walked to House of blues and dicks last resort. Dealey plaza is right across the street from the hotel. The front desk people were nice, especially the young man who checked us in, can't remember his name but he was great, the woman on the night shift was a little chilly, but was not unprofessional. The best staff are the shuttle drivers! They took us to our Palladium ballroom destination, and to deep ellum, and because it was a relatively slow afternoon, at checkout they took us to Dallas Love field! How is that for going ABOVE the call of duty? Tip the shuttle drivers well folks! They raise the level of this hotel by at least 1 star! We heard the hotel is haunted, but didn't see any ghosts or hear anything strange. Oh, we happened to be there the morning of the Mavricks parade, and had a spot on view from our 9th floor window. Several people checking in were complaining about parking, but i'm sure it was because of the parade, the hotel fille up completely the night before. Overall our stay was fine, not a lot of bells and whistles, but not a dump either.