Stayed at Hotel Lawrence for Thanksgiving 2007. Turkey Day in Big D seemed like a great tradition to partake in, especially since our NY Jets were playing on 11/22 at Texas Stadium (awful game, but that is neither here nor there). The Hotel was just OK. --Check-in, we were not greeted with any famous southern hospitality. In fact, the desk agent had no information for us at all in regards to our inclusive continental breakfast (hours/location), fitness room location, etc.... When we asked her the hours of the lobby restaurant, she said she did not know ?? turns out the hours were imprinted on the window next to the desk--weird. When I mentioned that I worked in the Hotel industry and would appreciate an upgrade if at all available, she clearly did not take me seriously or ignored my request flat out--in fact, gave us a room on the third floor over looking the rooftop a/c units--thanks for nothing! Plus, the hotel did not seem full at all, very quiet could of at least been given a higher floor.... --Speaking of the restaurant, noted as open for breakfast, lunch and dinner (and Happy Hour), was only open that Wednesday afternoon when we arrived. I could see it being closed on Thanksgiving day, but it never opened again on Friday or Saturday! The continental breakfast was only available to 9am (we missed it). Weird again--if you go around a holiday, be sure to ask about that. Would have been nice to know since there is no where around Hotel to get coffee or a drink.... --Location of Hotel is OK. Walking distance to West End which worked for our purposes on Wednesday afternoon, Friday lunch and dinner. No breafast places....For more nightlife you will need to cab it to Victory Park area (where we went Wednesday to House of Blues and The W--very nice!). Hotel Lawrence is two blocks from JFK Assasination location and 6th Floor museum--very interesting and informative all around. --Hote Room was cute. Nice decor, on small side, but not awful. Queen Bed was comfortable, but only had 3 pillow which we thought was odd. The TV was in a strange spot, kind of too low on an end table. Bathroom was trendy, clean--only issue here was the spa shower, we could not get the water to change to the "regular" shower head, it only stayed on the "body wash" output--again weird. Also did not notice unitl last morning (because we went to Hyatt for coffee) that our in room coffee maker was broken-missing a piece. Beware of scary elevator and its noises, we took stairs often! Our Housekeeper (did not catch her name)--was great, very friendly each day. --Texas Stadium--what can we say--an institution, glad we were able to experience it! --Sonny Bryan's BBQ is a must--ate there twice in 3 days, awesome!! Overall, we had a great trip! The Hotel Lawrence ceratinly has its charms and is not an awful place to stay, just could have been better. I couldn't help looking out the window at the Hyatt across Reunion Blvd and wondering if the restaurant/bar was open there--I am sure it was!