So this hotel is still a Marriott- Nice decor, great gym, good bar and executive lounge- but the lack of customer service, rigidity and other irritations all added up to make this a less than satisfying stay. My colleagues and I encountered several problems trying to secure a government rate. I spent the better part of a day presenting ID's, explaining my situation, and requesting corroborating emails to obtain special rates. The kicker is that my colleague booked online and was able to get the special rate without presenting any ID or any corroborating documents. Also, I was told that internet access was included in my special rate, which it wasn't. Other issues- the elevators are key activated, so you can only get off on your floor, the lobby, or the exectuvie lounge. Thre major problem was that the key reader didn't work, so I'd spend several cycles going up and down on the elevator trying to get it to read my key so I could get back to my room! I saw several other guests having the same problem. In the bar, we were having a casual meet and greet with local colleagues, but the live music was extremely loud (even though it was a jazz duo). We asked if they could turn the music down, which they did, but when the duo came back from their break, they turned the music back up! When we asked again, the waitress told us we could go to the other side of the lobby away from the music. So we left the bar, and we saw most of the bar patrons follow suit. Seems to me that if several bar patrons are requesting softer music, you would turn the music down, no? They were extremely rigid at the executive lounge- you couldn't take any food or drink back to your room, and they asked repeatedly for our room numbers. You have to pay for internet access, and it is limited to one device per room. Not one device at a time, but one device period. That means you would need to pay for two codes if you wanted to use an iphone/bb and computer, even if not at the same time. Talk about nickle and diming... And finally, the sister of a colleague called repeatedly and was told that my colleague had not yet checked in, even though she had arrived and was the one that had made the reservations for our whole group. All in all, small agravations are amplified on a business trip, and completely overshadowed what is otherwise a very nice hotel.