I'm a very loyal Marriott customer (Platinum Premier) and was eager to check out LA's newest Marriott hotel. Overall, not bad, but a little sterile, i.e., could use some art on the walls in the guestroom floors, better signage in the elevators as to what was on each floor, etc. I was upgraded to a corner king junior suite on the 21st floor (top of the JW side but the attached Ritz-Carlton starts on the higher floors and probably goes up at least 20 more). Stunning views of the freeways, downtown LA, and if the day was clear, you could probably have seen all the way to the Pacific. Executive lounge is on the 4th floor, adjacent to the pool area. Nice space, evening food selections so-so (cheese, crackers, crudit and two hot items) but enough to make dinner out of. Wine selection great - 3 choices for white and two for red (in most Marriott and even JW Marriott properties there are usually only two wine choices - red or white :-) and pricing is relatively reasonable ($9.00/glass for white, $12.00/glass for red). I went out in search of ice and at the elevator lobby on my floor saw a directional sign pointing to the "Ice & Vending" area (pic #1). Walked that direction and at the next turn saw a sign (pic #2) pointing towards guest rooms to the right and left, but couldn't find the ice machine to save my life. Went back to the elevator lobby and picked up the house phone which rang immediately to the "At Your Service" folks and was answered within two rings. Was told that the nearest ice machine was on the 18th floor (pic #3), so I ventured down three levels and by golly I found it (pic #4)! But why the sign on the 21st floor pointing to the non-existent ice machine??? I'll write that off to "newness" but I wonder if they have plans to install a vending area on floor 21 or if the sign is wrong (incidentally, you'll notice that pic #1 mentions room 2144, yet it isn't mentioned on pic #2 - that's because it doesn't exist - the highest room number on 21 is 2142 :-). Gym is nice - my judgment of a good hotel gym is if they have the large inflated exercise balls (they have three), and all of the standard equipment. Plenty of treadmills but only two bikes. Overall, I think this is a nice hotel, just needs a little time to be broken in, but it's one of the best hotels to open in downtown LA in years. I'll definitely be back (but I'll be passing along the comments and pics to the Marriott folks of course).