After reading only positive reviews of this hotel my husband and I decided to book 3 nights here. We stayed at the suite as we like to have a separate room to sit in and chill out. But we expected to be able to sleep too. Hmm, if I could turn back time.. Well, let's start with the positives: Good location, quiet, enjoyed sitting on the balcony overlooking the pool area and listening to the music, spacious rooms, good equiped modern kitchen, wasching mashine, dryer, dishwasher (they provide you washing powder as well as the dishwasher powder), high speed internet (excellent), great bathroom- good shower, jacuzzi bath (or whatever you want to call it) was great fun too! The guys at the reception were really really nice! One of them (sorry forgot your name-the tall guy) was so kind, he printed out our tickets to Seaworld we purchased online. That's what I call a customer service! Very helful. Thank you Now what could have been better: First of all you go for holiday to relax, to have a good sleep, right? 1. Well we stayed here 3 nights and 3 nights we didn't manage to sleep properly. The bed matress was weird- too soft, you feel every move of the other person. The bed is big so I tried to sleep on the edge, so did my husband but it didnt help. I ended up on the sofa. Sad. To be fair, after the second night we spoke to the front desk and the guy offered us to bring another matress or to try a different room. We agreed to try a bed in a different room but unfortunatelly we soon found out that all the matrasses were the same. First we thought it might be us but we didn't have this problem anywhere else we stayed during this holiday on Florida- Holiday Inn nor Hilton. 2. Plastic cutlery at the breakfast- Yes, I am serious!! And the breakfast doesnt look anything like the one advertised in the lift, huge dissapointment. 3. No SAFE in the room. Usually you have a place where you can put your valuables. Our room didn't have any. I looked everywhere, so did my husband and no mention of this servvice in the booklet either. 4. They offer a shuttle service to the parks. It's 1 shuttle per day to each park. So you have to go at 9:30 or other similar times to certain parks. If you want to have a longer sleep you have to find your own way. And I noticed they are picking you up almost 1 hour after the closing time. What are you supposed to do if you had enough at 3pm? Just sit and wait until 7pm?No thanks! We didn't want to feel restricted, so we drove our car and paid an extra for the parking at the theme park (yes, that is sad too, those expensive tickets dont include parking). Overall, nicely presented hotel, with hard working staff but lack of quality (bed, pillows, breakfast and plastic cutlery) brings it down. Sorry, won't be coming back here..