First, I rated this property average because it does not in any way fit the classification of a "resort." Since there were so many reviews on this hotel, I failed to notice the handful of ones that highlighted these shortcomings. Originally, this was built to be a condo complex NOT a hotel, and it showed. We had not even arrived yet when I knew something was off. I was expecting at least some acreage, nice landscaping, as such, but it was a standard turn onto a road that led to a parking lot. It was a very typical set-up, no different than a Marriott Courtyard. As we proceeded with check-in and got settled, these were our observations: -No doorman, bell hop, or any staff around to greet us. Which meant no help with our luggage and no self serve carts in sight. -Check in was quick as there was no one else and we did experience some minor hiccups which resulted in a change of rooms. -Lobby was nice, small and unassuming. Again, something reminiscent of a mid-value chain hotel. There was no concierge, no room service and no valet parking. Since the only entrance to the hotel was through the lobby, it was often a long walk to our parked car. -The interior was clean yet unremarkable. The one bedroom suite was decent, but we have stayed at Hilton's Homewood Suites or Marriott's Residence Inns that were nicer. Kitchen was well stocked and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was very large and had a separate bath/shower. There was ample storage, since again, this was supposed to be a condo, designed for longer stays. Let's just say, I was expecting something different as we were kind of treating ourselves to a last minute get away during a difficult time. I guess I was envisioning some pampering but it was definitely a do it yourself kind of place. -Minimal housekeeping. Beds were made, towels changed and trash removed. That is it. Dirty cups remained, toiletries were not replenished, carpet not vacuumed, counters not cleaned, etc. No big deal, but again, my expectations from their advertising led me to believe I would have a much different experience. -Resort fee. When I was quoted this added expensive, I didn't think much of it as most resorts have this. I was told amongst other things, that this is to offset things like free shuttles to Universal. I was pleased with that, as parking costs $15. When we inquired about the shuttle, we were told it leaves at 8:15 AM and picks up at around 7:00 PM . Nothing in between. Well, we drove ourselves. -Breakfast. We were able to secure a AAA rate that included breakfast, otherwise I would have not paid the $9-$10 they charged. There were scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, cereals, breads, coffee, tea, and juices. Yogurt was from large tubs, that just didn't look appealing. The food was completely unremarkable and we even skipped it one morning even though we had a voucher for a free meal. Some of the good points about this property included the pool area, in suite washer/dryer, small balcony, and a very cordial and helpful assistant manager. Again, had I signed up for a Residence Inn, I would have rated this a "Very Good", but I thought I booked a full service resort. Just know what you are buying.