I wish I could give this place the 4 stars it almost deserves. It really is a beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. The kitchen is beautiful! Brand new appliances, nice dishes, and a washer and dryer which was a huge bonus. Nice pool area. They have a cool interactive tv thing at the front desk where you can read news and do other cool stuff. The food and beverage manager is a really nice guy and the breakfast crew are super sweet and very hard workers and do a great job. Front desk staff is extremely nice! Now for the downside: Big bulky tv's that made me feel I was in the 90's, the cable flickered on and off and kept cutting out at very frustrating times of the news programs I was watching, not enough pillows in room, they didn't give us enough towels (occupation of 4 and we got 3 towels upon arrival and only 2 the next day from housekeeping) they did send more up eventually but couldn't right away when we needed them because "the linens hadn't arrived yet." Other downsides: the furniture in the living area had a good amount of dust on it upon arrival, the breakfast was the same every day (okay if it's free but at $9 I would like to see some variety) the outside pool bar was really bad service (the guy was great but the girl was really ditzy and gave horrible service i.e. didn't know liquor's they carried, charged us for a 7-up back even thought we ordered a shot of vodka, no plates with the pizza we ordered. She said she could go in and get some if we wanted. Um, we wouldn't of asked if we didn't want them!), no wireless internet in rooms so we couldn't both be on our computers at the same time, the coffee maker didn't work, small breakfast area in lobby and there weren't always enough seats, the shuttle to Disney was a selling point for us to stay there but we never used it because they ran at horrible times. Overall it was a good experience. It was definitely worth it for the price. The rooms are nice and if you don't mind not receiving top-notch customer service you'll love it. I'm not sure I would stay there again. With so many hotel options Orlando I would probably try another hotel. I think the managment is very close to getting right they just need to tweek it a little bit more. In a year I may give them another chance to see if they have improved.