I traveled to Montreal for the first time to attend a business conference  The convention hotels in typical fashion, were booking for rates of $250 and higher, so I opted for a less expensive option. The hotel is an apartment/hotel, so there are full-time residents (who appear to be college students). It is clean, has nice curb appeal, and it is situated on the corner of Boulevard Rene-Levasque and Boulevard Saint-Laurent  it is close to a metro stop, easy walking to the Palis de Congress, and across the street from the Chinatown Gate. However, directly behind the hotel is a shady little park with shady little characters. While most of the neighborhood is graffiti free, their artistic and creative efforts are directed at the walls surrounding the park. The park, on Boulevard Saint-Laurent is a neighborhood in transition. The first two blocks behind the hotel are a mixed bag of small sex shops in a mini-red light district, complete with the gawkers who frequent these locations. However, once you get past these two short blocks, Saint Laurent opens up to cafes, shops, creative art spaces and a more dynamic and eclectic community. The hotel is a converted storage building for the College of Montreal, and was renovated in to a hotel two years ago. The hotel is modern minimalist, however the modern minimalist approach doesnt appear to be modern-durable, as the furniture already shows signs of wear. The ikea-style furniture in my room looks good, but as a mover once told me  you can only move it once. If I had a hex-wrench and some time on my hands, I could have disassembled my entire room. My only serious complaint, and I almost hate to say this, was the internet connection  hardwire to the wall, not wireless. The cord is a $10 refundable deposit, however, the connection, was behind the wardrobe cabinet and could only reach the bed, if you put the computer on the very edge. The cord was not long enough to reach the desk. It was as if the furniture was in the wrong place. As I mentioned, for a two-year old hotel, it is already showing signs of wear  paint peeling on the ceiling, paint peeling on the baseboards, chips on the edges of the laminate kitchenette. Not all is bad, I do high compliment the hotel for cleanliness, the views of downtown (I was on the 9th floor), friendly and very efficient staff, and overall value. Its a comfortable hotel, maybe better suited for a younger traveler who hasnt yet been spoiled by years of staying at full-service hotels.