We stayed for four nights in a superior room with spa bath. The hotel is in an excellent location, perfect for exploring rome. However it really is tucked away and we recommend a detailed map as the street did not appear on our tourist maps and even the taxi driver found it difficult to find. Taxi from the termini rail station to the hotel costs nearly 30 euro, a far cheaper option is to get the number 70 bus which stops at the top right hand side of piazza navona (two minutes walk from hotel). The hotel is smartly decorated, modern and the rooms have all the facilities you would expect (flatscreen tv, mini bar, safe, heated towel rails etc.) The service was very good and the office & staff were convieniently located - perhaps a little too close by (literally outside of our door). The main office is situated in the corridor, and when lying in bed we could hear the staff typing on their computer. In order to feel any privacy we needed to keep the tv on at all times. The staff did their best to keep noise to a minimum however it was a little strange having them so close by. In terms of cleanliness the room was spotless and well maintained (new soap every day!). However, to my disappointment the spa bath jets had not been cleaned out for some time - I only found this out after running the bath, getting in, then turning them on - within seconds I was covered in brown gunk from the water pipes. Not particularly relaxing or indulgent! Breakfast was very good, varied slightly each day (different pastries, yoghurts etc.). The choice and quantity was just right. Also a nice touch was the guest welcome table which had drinks and jaffa cakes available throughout the day. Our main issue during our stay was we believe beyond the control of the hotels owners - there was a significant amount of building work going on in the building next door. Noise began at around 9am in the morning and continued relentlessly, this meant no lay in's we were up and out pretty much straight after breakfast as the noise was very loud. Noise was usually over by the time we returned at around 6pm each evening. Unfortunately from the scaffolding it looks like the building work is pretty subtstantial and may continue for a few months. In terms of restaurants the nearby L'orso 80 (literally 20 seconds walk away) is very good, excellent quality food at a good price - don't be put off by the dated looking exterior - inside it is very nice. In general the smaller restaurants on the side streets seem to have better quality, better priced food than the large fairy lit outdoor restaurants near the main tourist sights - these are great for people watching but very over priced. We had a lovely time in rome - highly recommended for a short break and if the hotel had a clean bath, less noise and more space between rooms and staff then we would have definitely given it a higher overall rating.