We stayed one night at The Joule on Starwood points. Check in was easy, and they upgraded our room, probably due to my Starwood status. The room was very clean and modern and included an ipod dock and nice flat screen TV. The bathroom sink/mirror was really more about form than function, and the sink was slow to drain...I always think this is gross. The towels were nice and plush, as were the robes. A full size ironing board and iron were in the room. The bed, pillows and bed linens were great - very comfortable, and the dark curtains took care of any downtown lights when we went to bed. This hotel really reminded me of a W Hotel. I have stayed in some of the Starwood luxury collection hotels (e.g. St. Regis) and this does NOT compare to that in any way. If you like traditional luxury, this is not the hotel for you. Try one of the Rosewood hotels in town instead. The Joule was very trendy and scene-y. We went out to the pool and found no place to sit in the sun, so we ended up sitting at the bar. The place was packed with the young tatooed and siliconed variety (it felt like Vegas). We noticed that the bartenders friends were hanging out - clearly not guests at the hotel - which was slightly irritating, but would have been more so if I had payed to stay here. It isn't right when guests cant get a seat by the pool because local friends have filled the place up. If you do go up to the pool, skip the mojitos. They were awful. More like sprite and rum. The valet service was lackluster. They were slow and it is just a bad set up because there really isn't a pull through, you just pull over on the side of the street. In the valets defense, there was a large party innundating them all at once, so this could have contributed to the below average service. But at $27/day, you'd think they'd be able to hire additional staff. If you like a trendy scene, like to do the club thing, then this place might be for you. Otherwise, you may want to check elsewhere. Also note that I DO like some of the W Hotels out there, so I'm not a total stick in the mud who only wants the Ritz Carlton scene. I just think you can do better in Dallas for the money.