Very trendy design at this one year old boutique near Neiman Marcus in downtown. There is not a club lounge as there is at some Lux Collection properties. The rooms are well appointed as would be expected at a hotel that wants to charge $250/night. We had a package that included a bottle of champagne (Charlie Palmer sparkling) and also included breakfast for two with complimentary parking. There is a very nice work out room on the 9th floor, and pool on the 10th floor. The pool area is quite small and has a hopping bar. Minors are prohibited from the pool area after 6 pm because it's a scene, especially on the weekends. If you are into clubbing, this is a good place to have a drink. They also have a night club downstairs called PM that is also very popular. The elevators are not locked off or monitored in the evenings, so anyone can jump on and ride up to a floor of their choosing whether they are staying in the property or not. The rooms on the 10th floor can be inconvenienced by the noise of people in the hallways going to the pool bar on 10. I would not recommend anyone stay on this floor. The lobby is very nice and we had a couple glasses of wine while getting hit on by two older women who had flown in from Anchorage to attend an Eric Clapton concert. Not exactly what you would normally find in the lobby of a Luxury Collection hotel, but kind of fun none the less. The hotel restaurant is Charlie Palmer and while we didn't care to eat a steak, it has received excellent reviews in the Dallas press and I'm sure is top notch. We thought the staffing was a little untrained. They tried hard, but it's definitely not a 5 star experience. I had a problem at the desk when reviewing my bill and while the gal helping me got everything taken care of, some buttinskee from the restaurant was interjecting his comments about why I had a tax and gratuity added to my bill for a "complimentary" breakfast. He was a little over the top, but I'm sure he'll not be there long with his demeanor. Furthermore, the room service breakfast was not acceptable we didn't say anything but it really wasn't that good. So so at best. Had we paid for it and it wasn't included in the inflated package price we paid, I would have quickly called and asked that the food be re-cooked and brought up. The presentation was plain, very plain and it took way to long to set it up once they got it to the room. All in all, it's a modern trendy boutique hotel, well appointed as you would expect at a Luxury Collection property, but it is definitely geared to a younger party crowd that would enjoy the hip modern vibe of the rooms and wouldn't care about so-so service, especially when they are getting loaded at the poolside bar. We normally stay at another property in downtown Dallas with impeccable service and always on the Gold floor where there are complimentary food presentations throughout the day, private check-in and an honor bar. We pay $139 at that hotel which is far less than the Joule and with incredible rooms that were just redone last year even though it's of a more traditional design, so we won't stay again at the Joule, but it was an interesting experience and our only real observation was the service level and quality just wasn't quite up to snuff with the staff. If you get an absolutely ROCK bottom price for the Joule it might be worth a stay, but otherwise there are other alternatives close by with impeccable standards and service. I'm a Platinum SPG member so I'm in and out of a lot of Starwood Properties and while this was entertaining for a night, I would not have wanted to stay here longer than I did.