I'll say up front that my room was very comfortable and clean, and there were no problems that would inspire me to implore you to cancel your reservations and find another place to stay. The location of the hotel is also wonderful--there is a supermarket across the street and it is connected to two shopping malls that provide many shopping and dining options. It is also accessible by both the Green and Orange T lines. That said, I have to say this was the most unpleasant four-star hotel stay I've ever had. I went with a group of people from work for a conference, and each manager had three rooms reserved on her corporate credit card. We all checked in together, and even though I asked the (very bored, very nonchalant) desk clerk to put my Marriott card on my room for incidentals, he did not bother to register me or my other colleague as guests of the hotel--all three rooms were registered in the name of the person whose credit card paid for the room. Subsequently when my key card got demagnetized the next day. the clerk demanded that the one registered guest accompany me to the desk and show her id before they would issue me new keys! Unfortunately, she had contracted food poisoning from eating at Champions Sports Bar in the hotel the night before, and couldn't leave her room, let alone come to the front desk. The clerk finally had to have a security guard accompany me to my room and I had to recite the contents of my room before I could gain admittance--and even then, I could not get a new key card until the next day when my colleague's condition improved and she could visit the desk. No one apologized for the inconvenience, and instead multiple staff members scolded me for not registering myself as a guest!!! On the day we were scheduled to check out, many people in our group were attending a symposium that ended 30 minutes before checkout time, and when they got back to their rooms their keys had already been deactivated and they could not get their luggage. By that time there was a huge line at the front desk and again, a security guard had to accompany them to their rooms and let them in to their rooms. I think the most annoying thing about this hotel (if there is anything more annoying than food poisoning) is the double bank of incredibly slow, overburdened elevators that service floors 1-27. We regularly waited up to 10 minutes to take the elevators during the day, which is maddening when you are attending a convention and need to run upstairs during breaks. I would definitely recommend requesting a high floor, because the single bank that served the upper floors was much faster. I have many concerns about the security of a hotel that allows unregistered people to occupy its rooms; I also wonder about the safety of such a system, and worry about how they would account for guests in the event of a fire or other emergency. I suppose in that situation they would just shrug and say it was the guests' fault, and not their problem. But if you don't mind making the extra effort to deal with a hotel that doesn't care about you or your comfort and safety, and you can get a good rate here, I guess I would say go for it. Just try to get a high floor and don't eat at the sports bar.