I stayed at the Marriott Long Wharf Boston arriving on August 7 for two nights. The welcome by the valet staff was prompt and courteous. As you walk into the hotel there are two escalators one that leads you to the reception, hotel restaurant, bar area and elevators. The escalators are covered with a glass atrium with red trim. The first thing I noticed was how dirty the glass was. The area below is noisy so I guess this works as a sound barrier. Welcome at the front desk was again prompt and courteous. I booked this stay with my Marriott Rewards. I have Silver status and earn my points by planning meetings at the various Marriott brands of hotels. This is my third time using points for a stay. My room was on the 5th floor, as you get off the elevators you are in the middle of the building with two long hallways running the length of the building. My room was across the hall from the elevators and the mostly passed area of the hallway. It was very noisy and I heard everything from the hallway from my room. Elevator bells, as well as the elevators, you can hear them go up and down. People arriving at all times of the day and night you hear as they get off the elevator. It seems that when you use points you get the least favourable room available in the hotel. After three points stays it has always been the least ideal situated rooms in the hotel. The room is a standard Marriott room, they are almost all cookie cutter fashioned: Clean with the recognisable amenities, bed, desk and flat screen TV. Bathroom amenities and linens are the standard, nothing special. I noticed that the ventilation in the bathroom was poor. The desk in the room is as always too high for the chair, this is the same situation at a Marriott sister brand, Renaissance. I hate the square pillows on the bed: They are very uncomfortable for sleeping but practical for sitting up in bed to watch TV or read. I usually just call to get more regular pillows. Internet is not free and surprisingly in the lobby as well. You can but 24hrs in the room for 12.95 or 1hr in the lobby for 2.95. The hotel is very well situated and easy to access by car. Being on the wharf is nice but the hotel is next to the marina where all the sightseeing tours leave, Making it a very busy area. Walk 5 minutes and you are in the Italian district, the market district... Good dining can be found within a five minute walk. My stay did not go without an incident. There was a wedding party staying at the hotel on the second night. At 2am parties started forming in various rooms on our floor. The room next to mine was one of them. I called the front desk to report the noise from music, ice with beer bottles in the tub; you can hear the ice moving around with the bottles. Plus there were around 20 people in the room talking loud. It took two calls to the front desk; security did come and warn the party participants that they were making too much noise. The music went off but more people came with more beer and it was unbearable. On the second call the front desk manager said they were busy breaking up another party down the hall. It took at least 30 minutes for the hotel to break up the parties using the threat of being kicked out of the hotel. The hotel did take care of the situation but did not bother to apologies for the inconvenience, not even during check out the next morning. The maid woke me up the next morning at 09h30, which was the cherry on the cake that spoiled the day and drive up the eastern coast, after a short nights sleep. Should the maids check with front desk too see if the guest checked out first before knocking on check out day? I would return only if I have the points available and then some. I would rather stay in the Copley Plaza area as I did during my last visit in Boston. I had a great visit of the city Boston its a beautiful city.