We stayed here Christmas weekend 2011. Overall, we were happy with our weekend. But there were some things that should be mentioned. PROS: -Great location. Short couple walk block to the Boston Commons park. Also could walk to Prudential Center (if it isn't too cold). Right in the same block are at least 3 restaurants, including McCormick's, and Au Bon Pain (which was open Christmas Day, much to our delight). Couple block walk to Arlington T-station. - We were upgraded to a Deluxe King after a tough night (see the first few CONS below) - There is a parking garage across the street, which I believe is $35 or so. They also have value which is $46 a day. There is street parking, but it's not readily available and also it's only 2 hour parking. They do give tickets. - Lobby is very nice and had a great Christmas tree inside. Also has some benches and couches to lounge on. Bar, Pairings Restaurant (which was nice), Business Center with internet, etc, and other standard hotel offerings. - Generally speaking, the rooms were clean and the staff was nice. The housekeeping was helpful in getting us what we needed. The bellhop was helpful and nice as were the doorkeepers and the front desk staff. CONS: - The first night was a bit tough. Though this isn't necessarily the fault of the hotel (perhaps the walls/doors are thin), there were some people talking loudly in the hallway in the early morning hours that woke us up. - The bathrooms in the Standard King room were not updated and not very appealing. - The cleaning staff came into our room before 8:30AM with very little warning. We didn't have a chance to say no, don't come in, and I believe that is too early for them to be coming in to clean the rooms. - I disputed a additional surcharge for parking on my bill that was to be included in my package based on what was told to me by the staff who booked my reservation initially. The manager who I was disputing with would not acknowledge the logic of what I was saying, namely, that there was no way for me to know that I would be charged for this, since it wasn't mentioned to me by the phone rep, nor was it included in my email confirmation. Additionally, he said that I was told by the parking attendant about this charge when I was never told about this charge at all. They need to get their employees in-sync (phone reps, parking, and front desk staff) and their patrons need to be aware of charges that would be charged.