I stayed here in December for several nights as part of a large meeting group. As others have reported, the main lobby space is grand, although I wish it had more seating surfaces for waiting (just a few wing chairs scattered about in a large space). Check in and check out were fast and efficient, and staff was friendly. Overall it was an OK hotel, but nothing to get excited about (except for the location). I stayed in two different king-bed rooms, both of which were quite roomy and had good-sized bathrooms. However, I believe both rooms were handicap-accessible rooms, which may have had something to do with the size. Both were interior-view rooms, with only a view of the other side of the hotel. The rooms were decently appointed, although nothing special. I've had just as nice rooms in a Comfort Inn (maybe even nicer). The king-size bed was comfortable, though. The reason I switched rooms was because of the heating issue... despite turning the thermostat way down it was still almost 80 degrees in my first room. The second room wasn't much better, and I resorted to opening the windows to try and cool things down a bit (but which let in a lot of city noise). Because it's an old hotel the HVAC is either on cool or on heat, and once they turn it to one or the other depending on the season that's all you get in each room. I don't expect to have AC in December in Boston, but I do expect to be able to cool my room down from 78 degrees in order to sleep. I was disappointed by the inability of the front desk to answer their phones, too. Twice I called to try and get the heating system worked out, and both times I was dumped into voice mail while calling "Guest Services" from my room phone. In both instances I had to physically go down to the desk, only to see several staff standing there with no guests in line. I've never had such a problem reaching a live front-desk person. Finally, their conference service was OK, but not the on-the-ball, "how can I help" sort of service that I've experienced at other venues. The meeting room was not freshened-up all day, and empty water pitchers sat on all tables without being refilled (despite me asking a staff person to fill them up during a break). Wireless Internet was hit-or-miss and expensive in the rooms and meeting rooms. Cell phone service is also challenging in many interior locations, probably because of the age and construction of the building. Food during the breaks was pretty good, though.