During a recent stay for a conference followed by a few days of leisure with my husband, I paid extra to stay in the towers with high expectations. I arrived expecting VIP treatment and was sorely disappointed with what was offered at the hotel. I was very thankful to be able to check in several hours ahead of schedule, but I was not given any help with my luggage or any information. They simply handed me a key and told me my room number. The website advertises the fact that you will be greeted by a towers concierge and I never saw this person in the 5 days I was there. I had to consult the hotel website to learn where the complimentary breakfast for towers guests was on weekends, because they did not tell me about this or give me the vouchers I didn't know I was supposed to get. It took multiple visits to the desk to get this resolved because I received conflicting information from the front desk staff and restaurant staff. On a positive note, the woman at the general concierge desk was extremely helpful to us. Some of the other conference attendees stayed in the regular rooms and reported that their rooms were tiny. My room was decent sized, but the bathroom was small. The noise from the street below made it difficult to sleep. We would have used our radio to drown it out, but that didn't work. The heat wouldn't shut off one of the nights even though we turned the thermostat down, so we barely slept that night. There were blood stains on one of my shades and the bedside lamp. The housekeeper failed to stock our room with toiletries and toilet paper on some of the days and we had to call for them. We expected better at the price we paid to stay there. The hotel is in a great location. We were able to walk to many popular attractions and restaurants. There is also great shopping within a short distance. The availability of restaurants on the ground floor was a nice touch. It was convenient to stay in the hotel for the conference, but I probably wouldn't choose to stay here for any other reason. If you choose to stay here, come with low expectations.