We stayed at the hotel for a weekend wedding. We when checked in (handing the desk our reservation confirmation) we were told that we had a suite. My wife questioned whether this was accurate since we had the hotels wedding rate. Told it was, off we went to the suite that was two unconnected rooms next to each other, one with a conference table and a murphy bed. A little later my nephew, the groom, called to let me know that we were given his suite by mistake. The hotel gave us a room in the Tower floor to make up for the problem. The Tower room had more light and a far better view then the suite. And, unlike the suite, it had a refrigerator. The Tower floor has a small lounge where you could get a light (no hot food) free breakfast and Internet access on the one computer. The lounge is only open for a few hours in the morning and again in the evening. To use the hotels business center for Internet access costs $7 for 15 minutes or $28 an hour. As I did not bring my laptop, I did not ask about Wifi or LAN access. The next day the rooms card key lock broke and we had to get dressed for the wedding with the door open while the lock was, efficiently, replaced. When we got back home, I discovered that they charged my nephews suite to my credit card as well as the room we stayed in. The hotel said they would remove the charge if my nephew would call them to give his credit card information (which they should have had on file when he made the reservation). I said it had to be removed because it was their error. I was able to contact my nephew before he left for his honeymoon. The hotel also added $200 to the pending credit card charge for our room for extras, which I took to mean damage (there was no mini bar). We were not informed about this strange policy at check in or check out and would have wanted to see any claimed damage before leaving the hotel. When the charge finally went through the $200 was removed and days later the charge for my nephews room was reversed. So why not a lower rating? It is because as annoying as everything was, it was all resolved relatively quickly. But I do wonder what would have happened if I hadnt reached my nephew.