Overall the Park Plaza was about what I expect from an older, classic hotel , but the noise in the rooms was unacceptable. Even though it's the closest hotel to my Boston office, I will avoid staying there again at all costs. I stayed for 3 nights. My first night, the room next door seemed to be used as a baby-sitting room for a bunch of kids. It sounded like 20 of them shouting in my ears until well after midnight (even with ear plugs in). Not the hotel's fault (except for the thin walls) and I knew I could call down and change rooms, but I was just too tired to get dressed, repack, etc. The street noise was also really loud, despite being on the 12th floor. And the ice machine on that floor didn't work. I called the next morning and they put in another room on the 14th floor facing the back (not the street). In this room, the outside noise was minimal/not an issue. But the radiator sounded like Niagara Falls when I turned up the heat. I had the choice of freezing or sleeping. The first night I went with sleeping and woke up bitter cold. The next night I went with being warm. I did not call to complain because I didn't want to change rooms a third time and one of my travel companions had the same complaint so I figured it was a crap shoot to try to get yet another room. On checkout, I was not asked "how was your stay" - so I wasn't given the opportunity to give feedback. Other negatives were that in the 1st room, some TV channels had so much audio buzz I couldn't watch them, in the the 2nd room the TV image was yellowed. Also - one of my pet peeves - the ice bucket wasn't emptied of melted ice/water after my 2nd night even though I left the lid off, and when I came back it was on (so the cleaning crew definitely saw it was used). Other negatives - no bill under your door so you had to check out in person, and no in-room wi-fi which meant working at a desk instead of in the comfort of bed. On the plus side - the staff at the bar and restaurant were great - very friendly and helpful. The bed was comfortable and all the furnishings were decent. And even though I expected small rooms, they weren't that small. But, for the cost ($233/night + fees/tax), I'll be taking my business elsewhere even if I have to walk a little farther to my office.