I am writing this review while sitting in my bed on my third night at the hotel. It has been snowing this weekend, and though both of my windows are securely closed, I am feeling a strong freezing breeze blowing on me. The closed shades are actually blowing away from the window. The wall in front of me has poorly painted-over patches, the ceiling dips down, again poorly painted in order to cover the cracks. This is far below what one would expect from the hotel rating and price. This is a Starwood hotel, and as a Starwood Meeting Planner member, I am quite surprised at the state of this room. After reading numerous reviews, and also knowing a couple who held their wedding at the hotel (and who felt that the hotel serviced their event wonderfully), it seems that there is a vast difference between the quality of many of their rooms. Aside from the front desk and wait staff, I found the majority of the hotel employees to be rather cold and put out if asked for assistance. I am a very pleasant, patient, and cordial person when interacting with staff, and was surprised by poor customer relations I was met with. Absolutely no complementary breakfast (and I'm only talking about coffee and toast) is provided, and I must admit that the $10 price tag for a bowl of cereal actually made me laugh, shake my head, and walk away. If you are a business traveler with an expense account, and manage to land a good room, then this hotel could be okay. Otherwise, I would avoid it completely. I would also avoid the $46 a day valet parking, and simply drive around the corner to the parking garage (the same one that valet parks your car in) and pay the $30 a day general rate. When we pulled up and asked the doorman where we could park, he really pushed valet. When we stated that we would prefer to park ourselves, he completely dismissed us, turned and walked away. Wired Internet access is available in rooms for $11 a day (slow connection) and $13 a day (advertised as faster), and wireless is only accessible in the restaurant. (bring a long extension cord because of the few outlets available for power, only one socket is located anywhere near to a table. This can also apply to the hotel room, as sockets are limited there as well.) Lastly, in the evening (9pm) it took several minutes for the water temperature to come up to a luke warm level which was still too uncomfortablly cold to shower in. All in all, I will never stay at this hotel again, and will certainly avoid ever using the hotel in conjunction with any conferences and events that I hold in Boston.