The previous reviewer said it best - don't freak out! I also booked a room on priceline and after reading some terrible reviews on a few different sites I was quite nervous about staying at this hotel. I was travelling for business, and was worried that I would not have a restful stay. I am happy to say I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel! I arrived at 630am hoping to just drop off my bags and the staff checked me into a room right then which was a great surprise! My room was small (especially the bathroom), but very clean. You can certainly tell this is an old hotel by the room doors (old wooden doors) and the fact there are no closets, but the Park plaza has put some nice furniture in the room that subsitutes well. My bed was super comfortable, and the hotel was very, very quiet (and I was next to a stairwell!). I did not have any of the problems of earlier reviewers hearing others tvs, having noisy heater fans, etc. The rooms do not have much by way of ammenities (no coffee makers, fridge / minibar, wifi, etc), but where my stay was only 3 nights, these issues did not effect me much. I did use the high speed internet service while at the hotel which was sufficient. All staff I encountered were very pleasant and helpful. It was hit or miss whether or not there was a doorman or bell captain to help with your bags. The location was excellent just 2 blocks from Boston Common and Newbury Street, and a few blocks from the theatre district. I was able to walk to all of my destinations, and there are many great places to eat nearby too. Overall, I would stay here again if travelling alone. I would not choose this hotel if travelling with a family as the rooms are quite small. Also, I would not choose this hotel if I was travelling for leisure as my own personal preference would be to want some of the ammenties the Boston Park Plaza rooms did not have.However, for a few nights of business travel, the Park Plaza was great, with a great location and even better price!