I've stayed at this hotel 4 or 5 times, mainly because this hotel seems to be the only 3-star hotel in downtown Boston that's always available at a discount price on Hotwire/Priceline. I've had a couple of forgettable stays here, as well as a couple of satisfied experiences. They have many room configurations here, but the lowest-end rooms are really low-end. And the problem is, there are many of those and you could get stuck in one if you're unlucky. The lowest-end room that I'm talking about is really tiny. I'm talking probably less than 200sq feet, with a tiny bathroom. And both times I got stuck with those, my rooms were facing a small coutryard (if you can call it that) fully enclosed with other wings of the hotel. So you're pretty much looking right into other hotel room windows directly across. It's not a pretty sight, and privacy is an issue unless you keep the curtain closed. The other times, I actually stayed in a decent-sized room facing out to the street. These rooms were still small, but they were more like 250sq feet or so. I would say these rooms were a legitimate 3-star experience. Regardless of which room type you get, my experience has been that the rooms are pretty clean with nice bed linens and such. I still think this place needs to do some major renovations to modernize some aspects of the guest rooms. But the showers always worked well and the carpet was always clean, as I can best remember. I do remember that the walls were not the thickest... sometimes you could really hear the noise from next door. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It's one block from Boston Commons and the happening Boylston St, 2 blocks from Newbury St which is Boston's chic vibrant shopping street. Chinatown and the Theater District are also nearby. The hotel is 1/2 block away from the nearest subway stop (Arlingston St). In spite of all the negatives about this hotel, more often than not this is the ONLY decent hotel in this area that's affordable. For those of you who say the location is the most important thing, it's hard to beat this hotel. As far as eating inside the hotel, I've only eaten at McCormick & Schmick's. I used to love this restaurant and I've gone there about 10 times (both as a hotel guest and otherwise). For some reason, I feel like the quality there has plummeted the last couple of years. On the other hand, there are many decent restaurants nearby that I like better. Like Fire&Ice, PF Chang, Rustic Kitchen, Legal Seafood (mind you, some people still prefer McCormick & Schmick's to Legal). In summary, this is a hotel I'd probably rather not stay at. But you can't beat the location. And often times, you don't have any other options, price-wise. So I'm sure we'll return to them again in the future.