As many others here, I was very nervous to stay at this hotel after reading some of these reviews (i.e. I believe someone mentioned their friend was sure there was a rat in their room!?). We arrived at app. 12:30 p.m. and were able to check into the room immediately. The desk staff was very friendly. I had booked through priceline and had heard that this particular hotel gave priceline customers the worst rooms. The woman at the desk asked if we minded having a king bed instead of two doubles (the default request from priceline). I indicated we would prefer the king bed and she said that the king bed room was much nicer than the two double beds room. Only at the end of the transaction did she notice that we had booked through priceline, so I do not know if that made a difference... As everyone has mentioned, the lobby is lovely and twice during the week we stayed there, I saw myself the huge fresh flower arrangements being changed. I held my breath upon opening the door to our room, nervous as to what we'd find. I was thrilled to discover our room was really quite lovely. It was a very large corner room with the king-sized bed and a sofa, desk, dresser, etc. My immediate impression was that it was very clean. The rug had no stains that I could see. The sofa had some light stains, but nothing more than I have seen at other hotels. I checked the bed for signs of bed bugs and was relieved to see nothing indicating their presence. The bed linens are all very white and surprisingly clean. I didn't even see any light staining anywhere. As some of the other reviews have mentioned, the beds are very pretty, with many pillows, etc. Being in a corner room, we had a very large, walk-in closet with lots of hangers. The bathroom was definitely just fine, although small in comparison to other hotels. Everything was clean, although you can see discolored grout, etc. We were lucky to have what appeared to be a very new bathtub. Getting ready in the bathroom is not particularly enjoyable. The sink is so small (and low?) that when trying to splash water on your face, the back of your head would actually hit a shelf above the sink. The lighting was not flattering. The toilet was about one inch away from the bathtub. The bathtub was VERY narrow. I am average size and could barely shampoo my hair without both elbows hitting the wall and shower curtain. The bathrooms might benefit from the curved shower rods being used elsewhere, except I think the toilet might be too close to use the curved rods. There was a full-length mirror, but it was deteriorating (i.e. many spots due to the "mirror" flaking off). All in all, everything was clean, but not especially easy to get ready. We stayed at the Park Plaza for eight nights and personally had an excellent visit. As others have mentioned, the location cannot be beat and we got an excellent price on priceline. HOWEVER, I do think it would be very possible to have a very unpleasant stay here, mostly depending on your luck in getting a room: 1. The elevators are definitely a huge problem. There are only six elevators for the many, many rooms in this hotel. It seemed like the weekdays were fine (very slow, but at least not packed with people), but the weekends (esp. evenings) were truly a nightmare. On the Saturday evening of our stay, there were approximately 45-50 people waiting for the elevators at one point. My husband and I walked up to the twelfth floor rather than wait. We planned on walking everyday, but discovered that the doorway from the staircase into the lobby is only unlocked for certain hours each day. In essence, you're forced to take the elevators, even if you're willing to take the stairs. (Maybe someone knows a way around this? We were afraid to set off the door alarms...) 2. We were lucky to have very quiet neighbors, but you can definitely hear EVERYTHING going on in all the rooms (and bathrooms) around you. You can hear people coming and going as loudly as if they are entering your own room. You can hear muffled conversations when people are speaking in normal tones of voice. You can hear toilets flushing and shower srunning. You'd really be in trouble if you had loud neighbors! 3. We were in a non-smoking room, but there were several times throughout the week that I could smell smoke very strongly in my room. Luckily, the windows opened. 4. There were 3-4 times over the course of the week that there was the definite smell of sewer gases coming from our bathroom, generally in the early afternoon. It would go away within an hour or so, but that was also a very strong smell. In summary, in comparison to a brand new state-of-the-art hotel, the Park Plaza is definitely not luxurious by any means. However, everything was clean (I cannot believe there would really be rats...) and, in comparison to some newer hotels I have stayed in in the heart of NYC (another big old city), the Park Plaza was really a FANTASTIC old hotel. If I had paid $250-300, I would probably be disappointed simply because it was not a refreshing, luxurious hotel. If I get the Park Plaza in a priceline bid again, though, I'll look forward to my stay.