We got a room at this hotel after practically ever hotel in the city was booked full for Boston area graduations. Evidently, this is a historical location in the center of Boston. The hotel had some positives. It was a great location, and I was able to walk to many tourist-y attractions from the hotel. The freedom walk is close, as is Boston's central park, and the high-end shopping area is just a couple of streets over. There are a lot of chain restaurants within a block or two of the hotel, such as Au Bon Pain, Legal Seafoods, P.F. Chang's, California Pizza Kitchen, and others (Italian, Irish, etc.). The subway, or "T", is also a couple of blocks away and gave me easy access to other parts of the city. The lobby is really nice, and there are a couple of restaurants and a bar (which I did not try). The front desk employees were attentive, quick, and pleasant, and the concierge was really helpful in providing maps and information about the historical sights in the area. However, overall the hotel was average to below average. The rooms were really, really small, including the bathrooms. The bathrooms had a full sized shower and bath with a curved shower rod to maximize space and a pedestal sink. The water pressure was low, and the water in the toilet and the bottom of the shower often would become covered in sediment from the pipes/water. It was one of those bathrooms where you had to shut the door to really use it, since it was so small. The towels were old and really thin, not the plush, large towels you like to see at this price-range of a hotel. The tile floor was dingy, and was either stained or flat-out dirty. The bedroom was ok, just small and a bit dingy. The furniture was a bit beat up, and I had to reconnect the cable to the TV myself to get it to work. Internet access (not wireless) was available, but it was about $12 a day. There was a desk and chair to work at. The king sized bed was pretty comfortable, and the linens are all washable (I hate it when they have the gross, never-washed comforters, so this was a plus for me). The room was clean as well. The walls, however, were really thin, and I could hear every conversation the man in the room next to me had (including rather unpleasant screaming matches laced with obscenities with his wife/girlfriend). The room services was AWFUL. I tried it a couple of times, and it really was bad. The breakfast was barely warm, and the quality was poor. The belgian waffle (!) was so bad, I couldn't even eat it. The spaghetti was unpalatable. I haven't had room service this bad in a long time. And, it took upwards of 45-1 hour to receive food, and it was really expensive, with service, some sort of room service tax in addition to regular taxes, and a hotel surcharge or something included. The room service delivery employees were also not very pleasant and seemed really annoyed when you didn't give them a tip above the 20% tip already included. One even took the bill from me, and, after noticing I had forgotten to put the hotel pen back in the fold, said contemptuously: "uh, are you going to give me my pen?" When I gave it to her, she grabbed it, spun around without saying a word, and slammed the door. If you forgot to put a "privacy please" hanger on your door, housekeeping was knocking (and quickly entering) by 8:30 am. Overall, I was pretty disappointed with this hotel. It was just average, but it was represented as a really high-quality, landmark hotel. I wouldn't stay here again. Note: We were told it was a Starwood property, but that is a misnomer. It is partially owned by Starwood, but does not participate in SPG.