Located in the heart of Backbay Copley Sq Hotel is a chic habitat (without the attitude) for business and leisure travelers alike. This boutique hotel is updated and contemporary with very chic dcor and a very cool vibe. One would expect attitude here, but there is none. Upon arrival I was promptly greeted and the concierge was eager to help during my stay. I value great service and I definitely received that at Copley Sq. The location is also unbeatable, within walk distance of shopping on Newbury and in the malls, dinning, and watering holes. The only cons of the hotel are the size (and cost) of the standard queen bed room and lack of late night dining options. I had a ~210 sq ft room with a queen bed, so there wasnt much room for hanging about (but as I learned one wouldnt want to spend ones days in a hotel room while on vacation!). The bathroom, which was very clean, was tiny with just enough room for one to take a few steps, but not more. The bed was very comfortable and clean, closely rivaling my bed at home. I found the lack of late night dining options an inconvenience; however there are late night spots located in the area given that Northeastern University is located about 10 minutes from the hotel. Pizza from BHOP was the meal de jour. The place is loud and littered with NU and Wentworth kids, so beware. Copley Sq. Hotel is also home to the popular MiniBar and Saint lounge. I spent my time at Minibar, but didnt experience Saint, which has gotten mixed reviews from the locals. Minibar is cool, but service was hit or miss. Some bartenders were attentive while others couldnt handle the volume of customers. To be sure, it was good time as I had my beautiful girl friend occupying my time. Overall, Copley Sq Hotel is an excellent option for those who want to stay in a chic hotel in the heart Backbay, but also want to avoid the corporate like atmosphere of the nearby hotels such as the Westin and Fairmont. One doesnt get much value here, but is accommodated with great service and clean rooms. I intend to make future visits.