We'd contacted this hotel well in advance before making a reservation for our first visit to Boston, our last port of call on a month-long tour of the USA. My partner holds a Hilton Honors "Gold VIP" card which entitles him to a room upgrade at Hiltons or, failing that, breakfast. When we Emailed the manager the implication was that we would be booking a pretty good room ("Superior Corner Room") but that an upgrade may be available to a "River View" room. This was not forthcoming so he was given vouchers for a "Continental" breakfast. We checked that this was correct as, at other Hilton-brand hotels we'd been given an excellent full breakfast in lieu of upgrade. But that was their policy so we suffered the meanest (ie most miserly) of breakfasts we'd encountered on our whole tour involving stays at 18 different hotels. Well done Hilton. This was worse than any Comfort Inn or Best Western Continental breakfast we had come across. Having said this, the waitress (from Eastern Europe, perhaps?) who was attending to breakfast could not have been more helpful and friendly. It's just a pity she had so little material to work with! This somewhat spoiled our stay here as did the rather limited public space, much of which was taken up by a dreaded Starbucks. Hotel staff (Bell hops and Reception staff) we friendly enough but this hotel did not have the feel of a big-city hotel as the whole approach was somewhat amateurish. There was no official valet parking but the guys at the door were happy to do this for you - at your own risk I guess! The room was good. A nice view (away from the river!). The corner was wasted, though, as no extra furniture was provided. Just one lounge chair in the room when there was easily enough room for a 2nd comfy chair in the large empty space next to the computer desk. Two in a room so why not two chairs to sprawl in?? We loved Boston and Back Bay is an excellent location for bars and restaurants and an easy walk or ride (the subway is great) to all the other attractions. Shame about the breakfast! We'll look elsewhere next time.