This is the second time we have stayed at the Back Bay Hilton in Boston and each time there were issues at this hotel. This time around was the day after a catastrophic water main break outside of Boston that affected 31 towns and cities. Fortunately for us, we had been informed of the issue prior to our arrival. Had we not, we would have used the water in the bathroom to brush our teeth, etc. since there was no signage in either the lobby or our room warning us not to do so. I inquired at the desk upon check-in about the situation and received a vague response. Directly across the street is the Sheraton Hotel and they had signs at every entrance warning guests about the water: The tap water / ice is not currently suitable for drinking but can be used for bathing, flushing and fire protection. Please use hand sanitizer after washing hands ... Since there was no such notice and instructions at the Hilton, I inquired again at the desk and they told us about 2 small bottles of water in the room that we could use for brushing our teeth. Nothing about washing hands, using the ice and no hand sanitizer provided. I was very disappointed, so much so that I sent an email to Hilton close to midnight, hoping they would correct the situation the next day. My Sunday night email was answered on Friday night by the manager, claiming that each guest was handed a letter upon check-in and that a letter was available in each room. Clearly this was not our experience. Water problem aside, there were a few other issues at the hotel. We took advantage of the whirlpool where we found a thermometer holder attached to the steps by a string but upon further inspection, there was no thermometer attached. A few minutes later, I found part of it in the whirlpool. This could have been a dangerous situation  first because of the broken part and second due to our inability to objectively assess the temperature of the water. On the plus side, our room had a nice view of Boston and the Charles River. With all the great hotels available in Boston, this one is ok but would not be my first choice. For the price point, you can do better elsewhere.