I am just coming to the end of my 4 night stay at the Hilton Boston Back Bay. I booked the hotel with the knowledge that is is well located (I had previously stayed at the Sheraton across the street). The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the T (subway) stop at Prudential Center and this was handy as I had travelled from the airport by T. A tip - if it is wet when you arrive and your travelling to the Hilton by T, go through the Sheraton hotel as you can walk through the Prudential Center and into the Sheraton completely undercover. You then only have a walk across the street to the Hilton (cheeky, yes, but it will keep you dry!) I arrived around 2pm and check in was fast and welcoming. I had a deluxe room on the 25th floor. The room itself was a good size, with a king size bed which is very comfy and a huge flat screen TV with around 45 channels. There is also a desk and comfy chair. The bathroom is small, but adequate with a shower/bath. My shower head needed to be propped up with some tolietries, but was fine otherwise. There were a good array of amenities. Internet access (wireless) is $15 a day. I chose to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant - 40 Dalton - on day one, as it was convenient to do this. Service was OK but I felt the cost was expensive relative to the food on offer - personally I was expecting more from a North Amercian hotel and I was therefore a little disappointed. I also thought the $6 for a jug of coffee was a bit much considering I was travelling alone! I ordered from room service a couple of nights - food was good but the service charges were astronomic - $4 tray charge plus 16.5% service charge plus 5.5% admin charge!! I used the fitness center and found this more than adequate - plenty of towels, a reasonable range of equipment (which seems quite new) and a pool and whirpool - nice after a day of sightseeing. The hotel is only a few minute walk from Newbury Street and from there it is a 10-15 minute to Downtown. So, all in all, my stay was OK, but I suppose I'm not feeling blown away by the hotel. Its just average in my opinion.