We recently stayed 2 nights (mid-Nov 2004) at the Hyatt Fin District over a quick weekend Boston trip. We booked the rooms on Priceline (for about $90/night) and, for that price, we were quite happy with the hotel. If however, we were paying the more standard $200-300 for the room, I would not be satisfied. What got me especially excited prior to our stay was Hyatt's website, which advertised that, in November 2004, the hotel would be renovated with "Boston's Newest Hotel Room." The website certainly makes it appear that the renovation would be completed by then, though it does not explicitly say so. Given our rate, I was under no false impression that we would actually get one of these nice renovated rooms, only wishfully hopeful. It's a crock. Turns out, NONE of the rooms have been renovated (as of our stay); we know because we asked the staff. He mentioned that no guest rooms were, though they had done one room up as a "model". Don't believe the false hype of Hyatt. Nonetheless, the rooms was standard Hyatt/Marriott level. Nice, satisfactory, nothing overly special. Our friends and us had adjoining rooms, with a door between, which was nice. The first rooms we were given were on a smoky floor (though it was non-smoking), and we asked to move and the front desk staff was excellent in quickly changing our room. In fact, front desk staff was excellent on the whole and extremely professional and courteous. Parking in the garage is outrageous, though I'm sure fairly typical for downtown Boston. I forget the exact number - $30+/night. We were lucky in finding street parking and, given that it was a weekend, only had to feed the meter on Saturday. The location is excellent for those who do the FAnueil Hall/Quincy Market thing. About a brisk 10-minute walk away. Very close to Boston Commons as well (5 minute walk). On the whole, satisfied for the price. If you are expecting luxury, come back to earth (at least until the renovation is actually started, not to mention completed). But the Hyatt is a standard business hotel in a decent location. In terms of the elevators mentioned by a previous poster, we also found that extremely annoying and time-wasting. To get from the ground floor to the reception level, you take one set of elevators. To get to the hotel rooms, you must take another set. Our friends told us that the hotel used to be a shopping center, which might explain the odd set up.....