I recently stayed five nights at the Fairmont Copley Plaza while in Boston for a conference. We arrived very late at night due to airport delays, and our check-in was efficient. Sarah was the desk clerk working when we arrived, and she was very friendly and accomodating. When I got to my room, I was pleasantly surprised to see the size and decor. Unfortunately, I was given a handicapped accessible room with a big walk-in shower and no bathtub. I phoned downstairs to inquire about the possibility of switching rooms, and this was done within 10 minutes. I was moved to a room that had a seperate sitting area and bedroom. It was nice enough, but the bedroom area felt a bit closed in, with the bed facing a wall. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, but they are definitely not luxurious and show some signs of age. For example, the door frames in my room had some paint chipping off, and the carpeting in the bedroom area was showing signs of wear and tear. The rooms do not have coffee pots, and I discovered the next morning that getting coffee in the hotel is not easy. They put out complimentary coffee near the restaurant, but that doesn't start until 6:30. When I asked the desk clerk about getting a cup of coffee earlier, she told me that I could either wait until 6:30 or I was welcome to walk across the street to Starbucks. Most of the staff I encountered at this hotel were less than friendly. I noticed that if you engaged them and tried to start a conversation, they would respond. But, I feel that few, if any, went out of their way to be friendly first. The concierge, Jim, was one of the most unfriendly people I encountered during the stay. When I would ask him questions, I felt as if it was really bothering him to have to answer me. Another concierge (John, I believe?) was very nice and friendly. The doormen were nice, again if you spoke to them first, but none went out of their way to be friendly. Overall, the hotel is beautiful on the exterior and quite pretty inside. It's centrally located and easy to get to most anything. The staff seem to feel that they are there for some other reason besides customer service, and I felt this was a serious flaw for an otherwise nice enough hotel. I would most likely choose another hotel if I were to go back to Boston. I guess I am a bit simpler and would rather stay somewhere with a friendly staff and easier access to coffe in the morning - yes, coffee is very important to me in the morning!! :)