Stayed 3 nights. Got a decent rate using a friends and family code. Check-in: Staff not pleasant or welcoming. Rather indifferent and cold.In fact only the doormen were pleasant. Room was on the third floor, but adjoining to rooms on either side, so not ideal. I suspect becos of the cheaper rate(which was still far more than other 4*stars in the area) we were put in this room. The person on one side was obviously a night owl and then the traffic and trucks etc started early on the Sat. morning so we slept poorly. Room service: Ridiculously expensive,.Quite frankly it was appalling and a rip off. We knew before we ordered what the prices were, but when one orders croissants(2 in an order), one does NOT expect to be sent 2 mini croissants, literally about an inch and a half long and half an inch wide. 2 teas, 1 order of croIssants and 1 order of English muffins was $35. I did not object to paying as I did not want to trek to a coffee shop , but this was just disgusting. There is bagel place across Copley Square and an Au Bon Pain nearby so for the next to days we went out for breakfast. needless to say for a 1/3 of the price we had way more food. Lobby is gorgeous, however rooms are rather tired and dated. Carpet musty . Paint peeling in places. Baseboards need a good wipedown. Bathroom: Large, but balloon valences in a sheer fabric and that do not close fully are Not suitable, especially when you are on a lower floor. Hopefully noone got a birds eye view . Tiling was kinda weird and not co-ordinated which also hinted that this was possibly a sub standard room. I cannot imagine anyone paying full price for it. Bathroom had ample towels, soaps etc. Room also had an iron/ironing board. Room safe. Free internet if you are a PC member, which we are. I have stayed in other Fairmonts, Banff, Lake Louise, Jasper, Bermuda and this was our worst experience. The tacky room service breakfast is enough to make me opt for another brand in future.The grand foyer, lovely old building and location is not enough for me to recommend this hotel Choose the Marriott, Sheraton or Hilton just up the road.