The Fairmont Copley Plaza is a very traditional hotel with a grand Titanic-esque feel. Makes you think like you've stepped back in time in many ways - which is a little strange because they claim to have spent millions on updating recently. The lobby looks like the Palace at Versailles, and the staff was welcoming. I had high hopes. But then we arrived to our room... Our first room was adjacent to the service elevator. After hearing that thing run every couple minutes for nearly the entire first night, we knew we'd go crazy if we didn't relocate. Since we were staying at the hotel for another four nights, I expressed to the front desk the importance of switching to a quieter room. Seriously, I would have bailed and found a new hotel had they not been able to change my room - it was that bad. (The Westin is nearby, as is the Four Seasons).... I thought the hotel was full up, but staff was able to find something for us and even offered to move all our things for us. Thankfully, the new room (No. 582) was a huge improvement. It was ADA accessible so it was expansive. Bed was super-comfy and the room included bath robes, an iron and ironing board, and nice toiletries. The air conditioner was quirky, however: it didn't have automatic climate controls, so you either had to leave it on (which was a bit noisy for sleeping) or turn it off (which meant the room heated up while you were sleeping, causing you to wake quite warm in the middle of the night). Some other minor disappointments: no in-room coffee or tea; no seats other than a sturdy desk chair; and while they like to boast that the windows open for fresh air, you certainly wouldn't want to do so. If your room overlooked the street, the street noise would be too much. If your room was on the inner courtyards (as ours was), the noise from the massive air conditioners would be too overwhelming (we could hear them with the windows closed). Internet connection in the room was $14 per 24-hours of service. Your basic one-litre bottle of Evian water was $7 plus tax plus 10% restocking fee, and the half-bottle of Coppola red table wine in the honor bar was a whopping $16. I bet they don't sell many of those, since there's a CVS market and a liquor store right across Copley Square. Never did find the exercise room - location was not apparent. Breakfast in the Oak Room was convenient but quite spendy. Granted, it's the most beautiful room in the building - but you're paying for the civility of cloth napkins and attentive waiters. The food was okay, but there's an Au Bon Pain just a block away that can give you a good breakfast for half the price. Or stock up on packaged Entenmann's pastries and a bottle of Odwalla juice from the CVS and call it good. Now the good point: this hotel is in a excellent location for seeing everything. Newbury Street is just two blocks over and the river is just a couple more blocks beyond that... There's a metro stop for the Green Line just across the plaza (convenient for getting to the heart of downtown or out to the Museum of Fine Arts)... The Trolley Tour goes right past the front door of the hotel (buy tix from the Concierge)... And the Prudential Center for shopping and dining at Legal Seafood is just down the street. Some pretty good restaurants in the surrounding blocks - so while I wouldn't stay at the Fairmont again unless it was a smokin' hot deal, it wasn't too bad this time around.