Okay, first the good - the "deluxe" room I had was quite large, including the bathroom, and the bed was the best I have slept on in some time. The bathrobes were also a nice touch, and my view of Copley Square was fantastic. Now the bad: there were no rooms available when I arrived around noon - I know checkin at most hotels isn't until 3:00 or so but 99.9% of the time they have rooms available; I was able to check into Nine Zero at 10:30 a.m. when I stayed there. So I kept checking in (they did offer to call my cell phone but I didn't think it would be that long) and finally at 3:00 I was told a room was ready; however when I got up to the room housekeeping was still in there so I had to go back to the lobby and wait another 15 minutes. There is no coffee in the room; minor, I know but most hotels have free coffee. They offered to bring a coffee machine with the "set-up" to your room for $10 plus taxes, etc. I also didn't receive a newspaper even though when I made my reservation through the Fairmont site they asked what type of paper I wanted (national or local). For those of you who don't wash your face in the shower, the sink in the bathroom is an adventure to use (don't bump your head!) and for a hotel that has great views, I don't understand why the chair is situated on the opposite side of the room by the door; I'd rather sit in a chair by the window so I can enjoy the view. The lobby is not set up right to me; the only place for people to sit is on the opposite side of checkin near a reception room and if there is an event going on (as there was on the day I stayed) you have to hear the noise from the room. Finally, a treat for me is to order room service breakfast; don't bother. Two eggs, toast, ham, coffee and juice (no mention of potatoes on the menu I had) for $21 plus room service fee, gratuity, taxes, etc. which by my calculations would bring the total close to $30! A big disappointment and I would not likely stay there again, even with the reduced rate I paid.