I am a Hilton Honors member and usually stay in their 4 star properties. I chose this 3 star Hotel because of the tripadvisor good reviews and raves about customer service. I also needed one bedroom suites with 2 beds, as I was booking multiple rooms for a college sorority reunion. Many of the Hilton properties in Chicago had a lot of suites with King bed, but limited number of suites with 2 beds even though I was booking 4 months in advance. When booking on line through the Hilton Group Event planner proved unsuccessful, I was forced to contact the Hotel directly to assist me with my reservations. This hotel can not be reached through a toll free number. I was directed to sales manager, Jenna Haymond. Let's just say, you don't want to deal with her. I won't go in to details. I would recommend Asst. Mgr, Ross (can't remember last name) if you need some help. If you have excellent sense of hearing and smell this Hotel is not for you. When I arrived, I was sent to a one bedroom suite that smelled so bad, the front desk staff decided to have it "sanitized". I was not permitted in the room until after 8:30 pm. I arrived about 6:00 pm. The room seemed ok that evening, but the next morning all of the bad smell had returned. I stayed for 2 more nights, but felt sick each evening I returned to the room. Each time a friend came in the room (1101), they commented on the bad smell. After 3 nights ( I stayed a week total), a broken toilet handle, a slow shower drain (the engineer and I became friends), I got the asst. mgr., Ross involved. He moved me across the hall (1102) to a good room and helped coordinate all the rooms for my friends. The fire trucks could be heard in the first room, but not the second. The housekeeping was wonderful. They did a great job. Others have commented on the smell of the elevators. It was terrible. On my 4th day some attempt was made to add a deodorizer to them. I feel bad about my somewhat negative review, as this is not usually my tone or experience with Hilton properties.. I end on a positive note- the beds are great.