Just returned. The rooms are clean, small, and just OK. Housekeeping is a weak link. The first day of our stay we returned to the room about 4:30 and no housekeeping. We went downstairs to wait in the lobby. About 5:15 I asked at the front desk where I was told "there is no daily housekeeping unless you call". That seemed impossible to believe, but I complied by asking for housekeeping every day. (The desk clerk said, "You really want housekeeping every day?") We are not difficult people, but even a Motel 6 has daily housekeeping for heaven's sake. They then put "a rush" on our room, and 45 minutes later we had clean towels but no clean sheets. We paid $139 and for that price I gave it three stars. Any more than that would be inappropriate. Valet parking is $36 a day, but we needed the "unlimited" aspects of that service. Unfortunately, we forgot to factor that in for a "written in stone" Sunday morning obligation, and were almost late when it took the better part of an hour to get our car. We had called ahead, and the valet boys were too busy counting their tips to go and fetch our vehicle. Finally, one of them asked if we needed help and we said we had called for our car before we left the room. At that point, one of the boys actually stuffed the folding money back into his pocket and went to get our car. Upon leaving, we waited several minutes for the valet boys to pocket their tips before moving a car that made it impossible for us to exit. Not cool. As Hilton Honors members we thought we would receive preference for our request of a "high floor". Not so. We were originally placed on the 13th floor, and it was only because I asked about a corner room that we were placed on the 19th floor. And there are 23 floors, so that wasn't a "view" room. True, we are only "gold" level not platinum. Even so, 2 bottles of waters seemed like a minimal acknowledgement of our Hilton loyalty. While we were there we walked 50 steps to another Hilton property, the Homewood Suites. I talked to a staff member there who was really open about the property where Honors Gold members are automatically assigned to the 12th floor which we verified as being completely non-smoking and comprised of actual two-room suites which had all the amenities of Hilton Garden(free hot breakfast) plus free cocktails/dinner in the evening Mon.-Thurs.. A better choice if you have the extra $50 a night considering you also get a kitchen and guest laundry. All in all, having stayed at many downtown hotels, Homewood Suites is the best Hilton choice. Embassy Suites down the block has a crowded noisy lobby, minimal room furnishings, and is the most expensive. Hilton Garden Inn while clean and modest, has paper-thin walls and no real acknowledgement of Honors benefits.