I have stayed at the Burnham a few years ago and while originally I was happy to be back, I think the service is slipping--or certainly was not great when I was there. I booked a room at The Burnham as the Palomar (in which I have stayed in twice this spring) was full. The location is still good for tourists. The hotel is located in the Loop area blocks from Millennium Park and the Geary stage, near the Art Institute, and close to all the major museums and aquarium. Nordstrom Rack next door, and Starbucks a few doors down. The hotel is a great historic building and so the room sizes vary. I paid and signed up for a Kimpton upgrade online. I was told it was granted (via email) but surprisingly when I checked in at 6:30 pm, the room I was given was smaller than the rooms I typically have occupied at this hotel. It was the smallest double I have ever seen!! It certainly was NOT an upgrade and when I mentioned it to the front desk that it was a low floor, no view, and really tiny, they said it was all they had. I found out later that it wasn't the case and another employee admitted it wasn't an upgrade and the hotel wasn't full. I don't know if I was given such a dinky room since I checked in so late in the day, but I had business meetings since my arrival on a 8:30 am flight that morning and didn't have time to come to the hotel earlier. I had to remind the staff that I was a Kimpton In Touch member and ask for the coupon that usually is handed to a member on arrival. They tried to tell me I wasn't an In Touch member (which I found funny since I had stayed in a Kimpton hotel twice in May--Chicago and DC) but they finally located the envelope addressed to me with the coupon. They didn't apologize. I spent the evening outside the hotel at a private party and then dinner--at RL which is one of my all time favorites. When we returned, I wanted to go have drinks with my sister and found out that the hotel restaurant and bar closes at 10 pm. Since it wasn't busy, apparently they were closing at 9:45 pm instead--it seemed rather early for a Friday night.--and couldn't give us a glass of wine to take to our rooms. So I asked the front desk for a recommendation but they said they didn't know anything in the area that was open. So I asked about room service--thinking we would order a bottle of wine. The person at the desk said his colleague (who was standing next to him) handles room service and referred me to him. Problem was that the colleague was on a personal phone call right at the desk! I literally waited over 4 minutes listening to him talk to his friends loudly and finally just gave up and went upstairs. I was only there 1 night (flew in for business, checked in at 6:30 pm, immediately left the hotel for dinner and returned at 9:30 pm and then checked out the next morning and went to O'Hare) so it didn't really matter but I will not be staying at this Kimpton in Chicago again. I admit I am disappointed as I used to love this hotel and raved about it to friends, but the service seems to have fallen. Don't get me wrong, the hotel is adequate but merely average. I stay in Kimpton hotels around the country and their standard is so high, that the average stands out as below the bar. Next time I will be staying at the Chicago Palomar whose service is up to the usual fantastic Kimpton standard.