This hotel is perfectly nice, but I just can't see how it warrants the rave reviews other users have given it. I generally prefer boutique hotels to boring corporate places, but this property didn't have enough charm to compensate for its shortcomings. The location is pretty good; in the loop, close to many office towers and on the same block as discount shopping (Nordstrom Rack, H&M, Sears, etc.). However, it is also across the street from a very large construction site, and that street is reduced to one lane. When my cab from the airport dropped me off, it briefly blocked off traffic completely, resulting in a symphony of honking. Check-in was fast and easy - I asked for a quiet room, and the friendly clerks gave me a room with a queen bed "facing away from the street." What they did not mention was that it faced an airshaft. That evening, it wasn't much of a problem, but by the next morning, I had to ask to be switched to a room with more natural light. The desk staff on that occasion and subsequent occasions were polite, but not particularly warm or welcoming. The common spaces are nice; a small lobby, partitioned from a restaurant. The first floor I stayed on did not have any historical or architectural hallway touches; the second floor did, and the lamps, doors, and trims were indeed quite pretty. The biggest problem I had with this hotel was that the rooms were quite small. I'm from New York - I have a very high tolerance for small spaces. The reason both rooms I stayed in (like most of the hotel's rooms) had a queen bed was that a king-sized bed would not have fit. Indeed, there was only enough room on either side of the bed in both rooms for small shelves, rather than nightstands. I looked on the emergency exit maps on both floors, wondering if my rooms were substantially smaller than others, but they appeared to be average size. The rooms were high-ceilinged and nicely furnished in gold and royal blue, with gorgeous drapes and velvet throws, as well as several mirrors (likely to make the rooms seem larger). The room had good high-speed internet (not wireless) for $10. The first of the rooms did not have a desk lamp, and because the room was so dim, I very much needed one to do any work at the desk. The bathrooms were less impressive - utilitarian furnishings at best, with scuffed wallpaper. The bathroom in the first room had only a pedestal sink - there was simply no place to put toiletries at all. The bed was very comfortable and the bedlinens were quite nice, but the bathtowels were skimpy. Regular room service ended at 10pm, and although the hotel had 24-hour room service, the late night menu was horribly skimpy, consisting of a soup, a sandwich, about 2 salads, and a few small snacks. The room service fellow helpfully brought up a menu for one local place that delivered a full menu until late at night - but it had a one-hour wait for delivery. The food from both the hotel's late night menu and the full menu (ordered the next evening) was okay, but not great. Before I arrived at the hotel, I had booked rooms at it for a few nights on consecutive weeks, based on these reviews. After I got home from the first stay, I canceled the second stay. The main reason I canceled was that I knew I'd be arriving late again and couldn't stand the idea of eating the same late night room service. If I did go back, however, it would only be to stay in one of the hotel's few king bed suites - the queen rooms are just plain too small. One last concern. The elevators are also accessible from a doorway to the street that was not visible from the lobby or the front desk. In addition, in keeping with the historic furnishings, the doors opened with plain keys rather than card keys, and there were no safety chains or bars inside the doors. Although the hotel's neighborhood is perfectly good, I didn't feel completely secure.