We recently spent four nights at Hotel Monaco, Chicago. I will say that we slept well and the room was quiet, but overall the hotel was very disappointing. I spent quite a long time trying to decide which hotel to book for this trip  it was really important to me to have a nice view where I could sit in the window and enjoy the city. Every picture on the hotels website showed window seats, and the reviews all described window seats as big as twin beds. It sounded great, a perfect place to relax and enjoy the city! For the first time in my life, I decided to spend extra money and upgrade for a river view as this was very important to me. You can imagine my disappointment when I entered the room and saw only one very narrow window (about 3 feet wide) and NO WINDOW SEAT. I did not realize that this was an extra feature that I should have requested, but as the rest of the stay would prove, one had to ask for almost everything that might be assumed standard. I will say that the hotel delivered a fan to my room as requested, but many of the other amenities or lack thereof were very disappointing. (1) There was no hotel directory book (the little book that lists amenities and maps out the locations of things, etc). (2) There was no shower cap provided. I expect a disposable shower cap in even basic hotels. (3)There was no plastic liner bag for the ice bucket. Again, this is something that I have had in even the most basic hotels. I thought these omissions must have been oversights, so I went down to the front desk the next morning to ask. I was told by the front desk clerk, Ryan, that (1) I probably overlooked the hotel directory (I had not) and (2) the shower cap and ice liner were not, in fact, generally provided amenities and he sneered at me. Ryan was a very unpleasant hotel representative, and he made me feel as though my meager request was a great put-out. I was too afraid to ask him for anything else during the stay. He agreed to have a shower cap and ice bags sent to the room later that day. When we returned, an ice bag and shower cap were provided but were not replenished again throughout the stay. I didnt know that I needed to ask every single day, but apparently that was the case. And then the hotel was a little too involved when it came to turn-down service. I dont expect this as a standard, but unfortunately it seemed to be the case. I dont like people coming in my room when I am not expecting it, but thats exactly what happened. I felt very violated by the incident. Who on earth needs turn-down? I can pull down my own sheets, thanks. I soon learned to put the do not disturb sign on the door except during the few hours that I wanted my room cleaned. The hotel also made you feel guilty for getting basic services like clean sheets and towels. The little signs everywhere about protecting the environment give you the feeling that if you request clean linens, you might not actually get them. I always imagine the maids saying tough luck and just tucking the old ones back in. Also, the furniture is completely there for aesthetics and is very uncomfortable. I was disappointed as I really wanted the room to be a place of relaxation. Kimpton implies that it can anticipate your needs, but it did a very poor job with ours. I gave the San Francisco Monaco a top rating during a previous stay, and I expected similar service at this hotel. I did not receive it; instead I felt like my very presence was putting out the hotel staff, and I very much feel that I was a victim of false advertising. I would NEVER have stayed at this hotel had I known that I would receive the pitiful window with no window seat. I think that I will avoid Kimptons in the future. The inconsistency of quality and service is not worth the risk.