I travel to Chicago an awful lot for work and I have been lucky to stay at a lot of properties in the Windy City. I was excited I was booked into the Palmer House and was expecting a real treat. Sadly, after 2 nights in the property I left feeling somewhat indifferent about the place. I arrived after a long flight and a long wait at immigration so I was looking forward to getting to my room quickly and freshening up. The first thing that put me off was the pink light bulbs in the overhang on East Monroe. It makes the hotel look like something out of Fremont Street in Las Vegas. And then the fact that you need to find your way to registration, dragging your luggage up the stairway. There are escalators and elevators but they're at the back of the street level floor. I found them on the 2nd day but they were not apparent when I arrived. The line at the HHonors desk was longer than the standard one and staff seemed to take an age to serve folks. Armed with my key cards I headed up to the 19th floor and to my room. Because of the sheer number of rooms and corridors, it did seem like a bit of a labyrinth to find my room. The room itself was ok, but paper and paint were peeling off the wall and the TV was a 1990s clunky Philips version. There were no free bottles of water in the room nor a coffee machine. The bathroom was fine, complete with Peter Roth shampoos and conditioners. The bed was comfortable but there was no wireless internet, just standard wired version. So - like The Drake Hilton - totally useless if you want to use your iPhone or iPad. I had access to the exec lounge on the 23rd floor but it's very odd. As soon as you arrive in the elevator, you walk straight into the lounge. The free breakfast was ok, not the best, unless you like filling up on carbs (pastries, cereals, bagels etc). The only healthy option was apples and bananas. They have a bar service in the evening but you have to pay for liquor, so I don't get how it offers anything different from the bar in the lobby area. The fitness area is nice, it's on the 8th floor but you are charged $5 for the pleasure of working out. There is a pool too, but I never had time to use it. The restaurant in the lobby area was nice, great service and good food. However the bar was terrible. Too few staff to meet the demand of the guests. The main issue I have with the hotel, despite its nice history (Mark Twain stayed here once, don't you know?), is that it is just too big. Next time I go to Chicago, I will stay at a more intimate hotel.