We booked the Palmer House on Priceline for the nights of Sept 25 and 26 2011. Our request of 2 beds and non-smoking room was submitted to the hotel and we were assured every effort would be made. We arrived approx 2.30pm and were told the room would be ready in an hour. 5pm came and went and still no room. In fact, we were put in an 'Apollo' room which is a huge suite, like a living soom, with seperate bed ROOMS doored on each end--which were locked as they were each booked; hence no beds. It was at least another hour to procure 3 rollaway beds as well as track down our checked in luggage. The beds were sleepable once we stripped the furniture of it's cushions and placed them to serve as box springs. 2 beds arrived with no pillows or blankets. Suffice to say all of our Saturday afternoon/evening was spent trying to make a 5 star hotel room inhabitable. We were given a $50 food credit and explaination about them being totally booked for our trouble, but one night of bad beds, tiny bathroom and no mirrors to dress in front of was more than enough. By the time the dust settled we found that no food was available in the hotel--only drinks in vending machines. So I was sent across the street to a 7Eleven in the rain to gather sundries for my kids. We were assured of getting a 'real' room the next day which thankfully we did first thing in the morning. We lugged everything to a floor above and thankfully had 2 beds and a long mirror. The beds and bedding were fabulous. I likened the first night to staying in a museum and sleeping in the warehouse. A year ago we stayed at the Chicago Hilton and everything about that hotel was head and shoulders over our experience here. The bed and bath shop in the Palmer just off Monroe is a saving grace, however. Wonderful staff and products that contributed to my restraint of hostage taking. Breakfast buffet, which is a traditionally sumptious affair, was markedly disappointing both in quality and selection. I got the impression that this hotel has been tripping over dusty laurels for decades. I LOVE the classic old glamour of hotels but this stay illustrated a lack of cohesion. Chicago Hilton seems to know what makes a 5 star truly that. Palmer House seems to spend the most energy remembering when it was--which in my book knocks it down to a 3.