We were in Chicago for a conference at this hotel, so it was a no brainer to stay. My inlaws, not wanting to pay the steep price, stayed 6 blocks away and paid almost half, for a better view in a quieter part of town. So, bang for your buck is poor here when you have elevators that clang all night, noise from the train, no cell service unless you stand by the window, and expensive internet. The pros: historic, beautiful grand lobby, appreciate the original charm, Starbucks (which never had a line when I was there), easy to walk to food / attractions, nice bellman The cons: The place is massive and somewhat difficult to navigate, the original charm stops at the elevators and windows, for goodness sake, get some better windows to drown out the city noise. I would probably give this place 5 stars if it had not been for our first night. We were placed in a room near the elevators and at first we laughed about it, thought we'd either get used to the noise, or the elevators would stop running so much during the night. Mistake! Those things banged and knocked ALL NIGHT LONG! Just as you were lulling off to sleep, WHIIRRRRR, BANG, CLANG. At 3:00 we were so sleep deprived, we called down and asked to change rooms, were told they were full, and they would send the maintenance man up to check the noise (which they later said the maintenance man didn't hear anything....?????) The next day they changed us to a room which was actually larger, nicer, and quiet. I can get over the sorta ugly carpet and skeevy old chairs, but I can't handle not sleeping, so those rooms should come with a warning and you should get a substantial discount to stay in the noisy rooms, we got neither, not even a 'We're so sorry' from the front desk staff. Check-in line was ridiculous and LONG unless you are a 'preferred' or 'elite' or whatever Hilton calls it. Last, a warning, DO NOT TRY THE ROOT BEER CHEESECAKE. I've had bad hotel desserts, but this one tops it all! I've never had a more disgusting dessert ever. Or try it, just to say you've had the world's worst dessert.