The Palmer House is a Chicago landmark. She's played hostess to presidents and the well off and beautiful. She's earned her place in the sun. Still, like many of her kind, the years haven't necessarily been kind. While glimpses of her former beauty and personality still shine through, her features have slackened and become somewhat unrecognizable through the years. Her main lobby, complete with dramatic staircases, more often resembles the chaotic terminal of an airport, than an elegant and serene foyer in which to relax with a pot of afternoon tea and pastries. In the three days I was in residence there, there was virtually no time - save very late in the evening - when this lovely area wasn't besieged with families of travelers and their resulting luggage. It seems as though the hotel might choose to find another location that their arriving and departing guests might lounge with suitcases, rather than the elegant, main lobby/tea room. The rooms, (at least our room was), in good repair, clean, and reasonably attractively furnished. The view wasn't outstanding, but I rarely blame an urban hotel for that. Everyone can't have the best view, and that is an acceptable point. The bathroom, while clean and adequately furnished, was very small. Subsequently, it was very crowded for my my own, as well as my husband's, toiletries to fit on the small shelf over the sink. The shower was fine. This was not a four or five star hotel in my opinion, but likewise, we didn't pay four or five star prices, either. The interior hallways leading to the bedrooms need a little attention. The wallpaper is peeling in places, and lends a dingy feel of neglected grandeur. Room service was delivered on more than one occasion, and the hotel was notably quick with their delivery - both times in less than half an hour. The restaurant, as well as the more casual bar, were both very pleasant experiences. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant every morning. The buffet was more than adequate, but in addition to this - any person paying for the buffet had the opportunity to order off the menu as well at no additional charge. For example, if a person would prefer an omelette or Eggs Benedict rather than the scrambled eggs offered in the buffet line, this option was readily made possible for the guest. I travel frequently, and I'm not aware of any other hotels with this nice offer. Dinner in the same restaurant was fine also, but not inexpensive. We tried a pre-fix menu of three courses paired with three different beers. It was an interesting concept, but the dinner wasn't anything especially noteworthy. The location was convenient to most major attractions, and of course that is a huge boon for those vacationers interested in seeing the sights in and around the downtown area. Many tours leave directly out of this hotel, as well. All in all, the hotel was a good choice for those desiring a reasonably priced, nice place to hang their hat while sightseeing or otherwise spending time in downtown Chicago.