I was attending a convention recently for which the Palmer House was the Convention Hotel. The rate was significantly higher than I've paid at other convention hotels recently. But the big problem was with the quality of the hotel services relative to the $$$ charged. The first room we were in did not have internet. It had an ethernet wire on the top of the desk--right next to a telephone instrument. But neither one plugged into the wall. There was no place to plug them in anywhere in the room. They were just completely phony decorations. I complained and we were relocated to an equivalent room that did have working connections and given a check to use at one of the (overpriced) Hotel restaurants. But that should never have happened at a hotel like this. All the furnishings in the room were tired and sagging. A bench at the end of the bed wobbled crazily--it needed to have somebody tighten some nuts in the frame. I mentioned that to a guy delivering food to the room, and his reaction was "hey, not my job!" There was no coffee-maker in the room and of course no refrigerator (not even a mini-bar) or microwave. Somewhere on the sprawling floor there was probably an ice machine, but I never saw it. One day I tried to use the little safe and at the end of the day, it refused to open for me. They security guy who came promptly to open it laughed and said "this happens all the time." The bathroom shower was supposed to have a pull cord that you could use to hang up washables, but it was broken. The toilet paper was mounted in an almost unreachable position behind your left shoulder-blade. There was only one suitcase stand. Don't most couples have two suitcases? Where is the other one supposed to go? The lamp frames were bent and the effect was that the place looked sort of crazy. There was no guide to the TV channels to tell you what content was on which channel. It was not all bad: good points: the room was bigger than average; there were plenty of towels that were pretty good quality; there was a sufficient number of good-quality hangers. The individual employees we dealt with were pleasant and seemed competent in their jobs. The bed was fine (that's important!), and the street noise was not too bad. But overall, the place just didn't work. Try to find something else nearby.