Just got back from four nights at the hotel, tagging along with my wife who was staying at the hotel while attending a convention in town. As indicated by the title of my review, it was a very mixed experience. The bottom line is that because of the very thin walls I wouldn't go back there, though otherwise it was a pleasant stay. On the positive side: 1. Since I am a Hilton Diamond, we were upgraded to a very large, comfortable room on one of the top floors. 2. Especially since this is such a huge hotel (1700 rooms?), the service was very good, starting with check-in and including almost all other interactions. Picking up the phone to get room service, housekeeping, etc., I rarely had to wait at all to speak to someone and even if I did wait it was quite brief. And everyone I dealt with was helpful, efficient and polite. 3. Decent lounge and minimally adequate buffet breakfast spread upstairs. 4. Very large, well equipped fitness center. 5. The hotel seemed to offer a pretty good suite upgrade deal to Hilton members, of about $90 (including tax) to get into a very large suite of about 1,000 square feet. It wasn't available when we were there since the hotel was full. But good to know about for less busy times. 6. Easy phone check-out system On the negative side: 1. Perhaps the thinnest walls I've ever seen...or really, heard! We could very clearly hear the televisions and conversations from the adjoining rooms on both sides of us. And it did not sound like the folks next door were shouting or being excessively noisy. My wife, who is a very sound sleeper, had to put in ear plugs. I would have thought that such an old, classic hotel would have had more solid walls than usual, but that was not the case. I did notice that there were doors connecting our room to those on either side of us, so perhaps that accounted for the noise. But I don't know if our room was unusual in that respect. 2. While our room was fine, my wife's colleagues reported that the regular rooms were tiny. 3. For those who love views, most rooms here just look out on interior courtyards; and some (as other reviews have noted) overlook the noisy elevated train line. 4. Even though I'd requested it in advance, I only got the nice upgrade when requesting it upon check-in. Kudos to the nice reception agent for putting us into it, but my point is that the Hilton automatic upgrade system for available rooms was not so automatic.