I stayed here two nights for a business meeting, and in that time I had three rooms. I checked in at 11:30 pm and had to wait in line 15-20 minutes. The room I was given was far below Hilton standards - I wouldn't have given you $50 a night for this room! It was a long walk from the elevator bank. Everything was worn out and old, looking like it hadn't been updated in 30 years. Old stained floral carpet, an scraped-up armoire that looked like it came from a garage sale, wallpaper peeling at the seams. The bathroom was very tiny, just enough space to cram a tub/shower, toilet and sink. The a/c rattled loudly. But what caused me to insist on a new room was the amount of mold. The upholstered chair at the desk had green fuzzy refrigerator mold growing on it, a patch as big as my two hands together. The wall near the A/C vent had black mold spores along the ceilings and walls, and heavy amounts had collected in the split seams of the wallpaper. The hotel was sold out and I was scheduled to have a roommate the following night. As a temporary measure, I was moved to a single room for the night - had to wait in line at the front desk again. It was a nicer updated room, but the mattress was not very comfortable. The next day I had to check out of this room, store my bags, and then stand in line and check in again for my next room. This last room was recently renovated, huge, and very comfortable. I felt like Goldilocks - too moldy, not enough beds, just right. My bill was incorrect and I had to call the hotel twice after I returned home to straighten out the charges. That said, the staff was very helpful and really tried to solve all the problems. Everyone seemed to really care about me as a guest. The lobby and common areas are beautiful, and you can't beat the location - a two-block walk to Millennium Park and 1/2 a block to the El. and the subway. In summary, if you can get a renovated room I think you will enjoy your stay, but without a guaranty of a renovated room, I cannot recommend the hotel.