I have stayed at the Palmer House twice in the last month. Both of my stays were nice, but not special. The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to lots of great stuff in downtown Chicago. Also it is next door to the L and makes for easy access around the city. The rooms are nice, but not fantastic. The hotel is very old and has some of the lowest ceilings that I have ever experienced in a hotel. The large size of the hotel makes for long hallways and delays at the elevators. To get to the lobby or meeting rooms, you need to allow for a 10 minute commute from your room. Maybe even more if you are on a higher floor... My first room was a nice corner king room that was fairly large. It had plenty of room and a very comfortable chair to work in. The bathroom was tiny though, and your body (I am an average size male 5'11" - 190 lbs) touches the bathtub and the wall while using the toilet. It felt almost chlosterphobic to use the toilet or take a shower. The bed was nice and comfortable and the room was clean. All in all, for a downtown business hotel, this stay was acceptable, but not luxurious. On my second stay, I was "upgraded" to the Diamond floor. My room here was much smaller than my last stay and reeked of cigarette smoke (literally like someone had smoked in the room just minutes before I walked in). I called down to the desk and they swithced my room. The front desk was very nice when I came down and assured me that I would like my new room. My second room was a very, very large suite and quite nice. I did like it, but also realized that I was given it only because of the horrible odor of my first assigned room. I do not think that it is reasonable to expect this type of upgrade to obviously one of the best suites again. Also, I am not sure what benefits the Diamond Floor has, other than the sign as you come off of the elevator to make you feel important. My room on that floor was very small (just large enough for the king bed and a chair) and candidly not as nice as my room just two weeks earlier on a "regular" floor. The bathroom on the "diamond floor" was tiny, like my former room as well. All in all, this hotel is acceptable for a downtown Chicago stay. The fitness center is okay, very standard Hilton fitness center. The lobby is beautiful, but the rooms are just okay. The staff is plesant enough when you check in. Given the fact that they acknowlegded and fixed the odor problem with a great upgrade, I will stay here again. If you are looking for a true Business Class, Hilton quality downtown hotel, then the Palmer House is a good choice.