My wife and I stayed at this hotel as a birthday treat, we had specifically booked BED and BREAKFAST (unusual it would seem in USA), we arrived after a 20 hr journey and were greeted warmly, (despite the heavy rain outside) and given the keys to our room. The room was pleasent and clean though no coffee / tea making facilitys. The big problem came next morning, after a wait of about 5 min we were shown to a table for our breakfast, ( although the place was about 1/4 full) there seemed to be an aurgument going on between some of the staff, I enquired what allowance for the meal we were allowed being booked B&B, I was asked to check with the main desk as the waiter did not seem to understand my question. On checking with the main reception I was informed, quite abruptly that we were only booked as room only. I produced a photo copy of my booking and stated that it clearly showed breakfast included, but they would not accept this and stated that my travel agent had made a mistake by telling me this. I asked to speak with a manager but was told they were busy and that the recetionist would speak to the manager later. I returned to the reception later in the afternoon and spoke to a diffrent person and had to explain everything over and I asked that I be shown the original booking in form to prove my complaint but was told that "the paperwork will have gone now" where it had "gone" on a Sunday they couldnt say but would not produce it. I again showed my copy and demanded that something be done. After a wait I was given 2 small cards and told to present them for a courtesy breakfast. Not wishing to waste a day of sight seeing we had a look around the city but on my return I enquired with a member of staff, was the card valid all week, but told NO only for 1 breakfast. I again complained and eventually spoke to the receptionist that had originally booked us in, on checking my copy she appologised and stated that she had mis-read the booking and etered it wrong on the system. this was the first and ONLY appology we recieved from staff at the main reception, however she did sort out vouchers for our breakfasts for the rest of the week. The night before departure I checked our bill using the TV in the room and found that I had been charged for all the breakfasts we had eaten, once more back to reception and and effort to sort it out, I was promised that it was an oversight and that theere was no charge for the meals,( duely wiped from account on return to room and TV check) however the next morning after breakfast and booking out were again informed that I owed for breakfast. (how many times had I been through this) eventually charges dropped and we left for the long haul back to the UK. Moral, Check and take copies of booking paperwork with you, I always take 2 complete copies as well as originals. The rest of the city is wonderful and people are very friendly, even beggers in the street are polite (if your polite to them) and appologise for asking and wish you a nice day even if you dont give them anything. There are several bars near to the Palmer House, a good one is the Tilted Kilt about one block North on the east side of the hotel, the parks and galleries are wonderful and whilst we were there it rained, the sun shone (70f) and it snowed on our last day . fantastic city but watch this hotel gets it right.