Let me preface this review by first saying that I 'pricelined' my reservation and therefore expected to get a slightly less than stellar room at the Palmer House Hilton. Because of the price I paid I did question if I should write this review...but decided to do so because the Hilton is classified as a '4-star' hotel on priceline...and I found a few things that were not so 4-star about the hotel. First the 'pro's' * GREAT location. * Room was very, very clean. It was on the small side but certainly workable, even though the bed appeared to be something between a queen and a full size, so my 6'3" husband wasn't all that comfortable. * Never a long wait for an elevator * Starbucks in the lobby was convenient for that early AM coffee run (there are no coffee makers in the room but that didn't bother me as i'm more of a starbucks junkie!) Now the cons: * While the size of the room didn't bother me, the bathroom was very, very small. I am a small person and I had a hard time getting into the shower...it is a tight squeeze b/t the door and the toilet! * The plumbing could use some work. I understand it is an old hotel, but i swear we heard it every time someone flushed the toilet on the entire 12th floor. It was LOUD! Also the water pressure in the shower was highly variable, as was the temperature. I guess the shift from warm to freezing to blazing hot did serve to wake me up, but it was not welcome... * The walls are paper thin. This was the biggest problem that we had. There was a couple that had some kind of domestic dispute going on in the room next to us, BOTH NIGHTS, starting around 1AM. I actually considered calling 9-1-1 the first night, it was that bad (no, I'm not exagerating) but as the conversation was in a foreign language i could not clearly discern if someone was in danger. I was up for hours hearing our neighbors crying and screaming, it was just ridiculous. The second night it started at 1AM, and I quickly retrieved earplugs, but they did not block all the noise. Now this is obviously not the Hilton's fault (the yelling part), but we were on a renovated floor....so we were told....and I question why the walls would not be reinforced during the renovation if the problem with noise filtration was that obvious? I'm certainly not the only person with this problem, now that I read other reviews. Overall the stay was disappointing since we were only in the room to sleep...and that was the only thing we could NOT do. I'm surprised that this would classify as a 4-star hotel, given the plumbing problems, the noise filtration issues, and the lack of ammenities. I have had much better rooms at a Holiday Inn, so the '4-star' denotion is questionable! Of course someone else might have a superb room, so I guess it is the luck of he draw with this hotel. I don't think I would take the risk again.