We chose this hotel because it was close to downtown and I ended up with a good rate of 25% off using the HIlton Visa Promotion (which ends soon). We knew we'd arrive late. I contacted the hotel prior to our departure for the trip to let them know. The front desk clerk was extremely pleasant that day and offered to upgrade my room to the Executive Level for 50% off. I considered but declined because we would not be able to take advantage of the evening lounge activities and with our original 25% discount, breakfast was cheaper to just pay for ourselves. The only room advantages were a "larger room" and extra bathroom. With that said, I thought the rooms would be small but we were pleasantly surprised at how much space there was. The bathroom & beds were smaller than we are used to (standard) but the room itself was nice size, with two closets and a small hallway (my daughter like to play hide and seek in). Although our house has 4 full bathrooms, we all use the same shower, same sink, etc. so the extra hotel bathroom was a non-issue. While talking to the desk clerk, she mentioned there were 800 people checking out and 900 checking in that day. Phew! So, while on the road, I called a second time to let them know we would be arriving late. It seemed like about the time all 900 people were checking in because I was put on hold for quite awhile and had a hasty conversation with the evening clerk. I wasn't sure they got the information right but in the end they did. We did have to drive around the block once because the hotel entrance/valet parking was a bit hidden and confusing amongst all the taxis and traffic checking in. We did not take advantage of the $51 a night valet parking. Instead, we asked the hotel valet clerk about parking and we parked ourselves for $36 a night in the building next door. Check in was pleasant and fast at 10:30 pm. Only a couple people in line. We were a little taken aback at how large the hotel is and how many people 900 actually is. We maneuvered our luggage between guests & crowds to find the elevators. We knew when booking the hotel there was not a frig in the room so we tugged along a Quest cooler with wheels and kept changing the bags of ice. It saved us a bunch of money to have a few treats and drinks on hand for the kids instead of paying $30 everytime someone wanted a snack or the outrageous hotel room-service costs. In looking at the room, they could very easily install a frig (plenty of room). The Starbucks on the hotel ground floor was must close early. My husband and 9-year-old tackled the streets of Chicago at 10pm in search of another Starbucks. It was only a block away (drinks were still cold when they arrived) but they were stopped by a homeless looking person, asking for cash. Oh the price to pay for a fruity drink & coffee! We had the breakfast buffet both mornings. It was very good (although a little pricey) with a variety of choices, even fresh fruit. Someone was constantly filling or replacing the food. We even took a bannana with us! Our youngest ate free and we took advantage of the weekend kid special of $4.99. I would say it is comparable to country club pricing and variety and service. We knew there was an upper class fitness center on site. My husband and I run so we planned to take advantage of the facility. We didn't know the "small fee" would be $18 per person, per day! Pricing should be by the 1/2 hour. Also, we were asked if we wanted access to the pool. I was excited to think there was a pool other than the hotel pool. The fact is, there is not! The fitness pool is the same as the hotel pool, they just have a separate entrance. The pool was ok. It was very crowded and they ran out of towels. The pool is only open until 9 pm so everyone with small children was there at 8. I don't know how the fitness center people managed to swim/exercise through the mass of children. Checkout was a real pain. I had a billing question so I headed down to the lobby. But to get to the lobby was quite the trick. The elevators were jammed and refused to stop on the floors to head DOWN. We had to go UP to go DOWN. I never got my question asked because the people checking in were weaved in and out of the ropes in a very long line. I ended up using the hotel phone to do the easy checkout. We did check our bags to be held for free at the Monroe Street entrance so we could eat breakfast wihtout being surrounded by luggage. The room was clean, the stay was nice. Might be better at a less busy time. But know going in that it is a huge hotel! Saw many staff members cleaning throughout the hotel. Much of the carpet & fixtures looked rather new.