We had the opportunity to stay five nights at the Palmer House over Memorial Day and it was a very uneven experience. I had a special rate for an event and it seemed like they made sure I knew that because I got that special rate, I was not going to get the same experience that a guest paying full price would pay. This was particularly concerning to me because Im a Hilton Honors member and I always go out of my way to stay at Hilton properties so it seemed a little short sighted (in my opinion) for them to jeopardize that long term relationship by making sure I knew I was in the hotel equivalent of steerage. Staff: Overall, the staff was nice and helpful. People were friendly, but the check in was odd. They had a sign for a Hilton Honors check in, but when I asked they said they didnt have it and to just wait on line. Then the guy seemed to take forever to find a room. He didnt offer the normal perks I would get with my membership so I had to ask for those, which is just out of character compared with any other property Ive stayed at. Facilities: Its an old hotel but with a very elegant lobby. Its very beautiful, so your expectation when you walk in is that this is a wonderful place. And if you are lucky enough to get a renovated room, it is. However, the room I had was on the 18th floor and it was definitely the smallest room Ive ever had in the US. There have been a couple of rooms in Europe that were smaller, but this was tiny. And other people who were staying in the hotel with the same rate had nice rooms, some with two bathrooms, so that was disappointing. Additionally, for an old hotel, youd think the walls would be thicker. I could hear my neighbors television through the wall and in the bathroom, you could clearly hear conversations from the next room through the vent near the ceiling. Additionally, when the next room turned on the shower, it made a high pitched hissing/squeaking sound that made conversation impossible. It was really, really loud. That said, the room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was a good size. The elevators were a little slow, but everything was nice and not worn down or dirty. We had access to the executive floor that had a continental breakfast in the morning. The room with the food and coffee is poorly laid out so even with only a few people there it gets congested quickly. The PC they have for guest use on the exec floor is also incredibly slow. It took 15 minutes just to print out a boarding pass because each page took a long time to load. This led to other guests thinking you were hogging the computer when in reality you were just doing one thing. Highlights: The lobby was beautiful and a nice place for a drink. The staff, especially the cleaning personnel and the doormen, were nice. The location is great. Youre close to the old Marshall Fields (now Macys), close to transit, Michigan Avenue and Millennium Park are just a block away. Areas for improvement: The elevators were sometimes very slow and several times I saw people taking elevators up to the top floor to go back down because they could not get an elevator going down. The way the hotel nickels and dimes you makes you feel like youre at a cheap motel where you have to pay for everything that isnt nailed down. The health club is an extra $18/day ($10 if youre an Honors Gold member) and internet access in the room is priced from $15-20/day. Valet parking was $51/day, which is high but probably not too different from other downtown hotels. Overall impression: This hotel left me with mixed impressions. The lobby leads you to believe youre going to be staying in a luxurious historic hotel, but if you get a non-renovated room, you might think youre in a gulag instead. And then when the hotel tacks on fees for the gym and internet, you might as well pay a full rate somewhere else and get the services included rather than have them added on a la carte. That just seems cheap to me, especially the way this hotel is positioned. If it was a Motel 6, yeah, I understand theyll charge for extras but its unseemly in a nicer hotel. I would not stay here again. Next time Im in Chicago, will probably stay at the Hilton. I am a loyal Hilton guy, but I do not think the Palmer House adds any value to the brand. In fact, it diminishes it in my opinion and makes me reconsidering always staying at Hilton properties. I shared my feelings with the customer service manager (this was right after I realized that a large group of teenagers was moving into the hotel the night before I was going to leave and about 40 of them were staying on my floor) and he did offer to move me to a better room and comp a night. That was nice and I appreciated it, but if they had a nicer room to offer, then they should have done that to begin with rather than stick me with a smaller room and hope I wouldnt complain. Reactive customer service is never as good as proactive customer service. Nearby transportation: Very close to all major subway lines on Wabash Avenue or State Street. Stops are right outside the hotel. Plenty of cabs available.