Hilton is my preferred hotel chain wherever I travel and the Palmer House Hilton used to be my favourite hotel when I visit Chicago two or three times a year. I had not chosen to stay at the Palmer House for my last few visits, but this time I received my room highly discounted through a blind booking service. The location is ideal, within walking distance to many tourist destinations and there is a red line stop right outside. The hotel really is awe-inspiringly beautiful, and offers modernly appointed, very clean rooms with amazingly comfortable beds and linens. There are great restaurant choices all around the block, and discounted self parking directly across the street. And while those good points have not changed, there is now a glaring and growing fault. The guest service has been on a downward slide for the past few years and this visit did nothing to encourage me that there is a positive change on the horizon. On a previous visit (two years ago) I had a very unpleasant encounter with a concierge, but dismissed it as an isolated exchange, until my next visit (six mos later) when the representative checking me out was more interested in placing his coffee order than completing my transaction. On my most recent visit I was blatantly ignored by the person working the HH members desk when I attempted to check in. I stood in front of him for no less than five minutes while he continued to silently stare ahead at a monitor. I was in no hurry and could have waited longer, but he didn't acknowledge me at all, so I went to the reception desk. Doug, the representative that registered me, was wonderful. He was professional, friendly, welcoming and even upgraded my room. When I returned later to thank him, I believe he genuinely remembered me, and if he didn't, it speaks well to his aptitude that I thought so anyway! Unfortunately, even his adroitness wasn't enough to change my opinion, as excellent customer service at a four star hotel should be the rule, not the exception. Overall, there are many other comparable hotel choices in the Loop/Mile for the same money that offer a consitently higher level of customer service.