My husband, dog(Shelby), and I have stayed at this Hotel Monaco twice and the one in Portland once. We joined their Kimpton Hotel loyalty plan and have been treated like treasured guests ever since. Their stated goal is to be the "most loved" hotel company and they have certainly endeared themselves to us. On this trip their dedication to top-notch customer service was evident even before we arrived. We were staying downtown to celebrate my husband's birthday. I had reserved an upgraded room online, but then worried later that it might not be one of their dog-friendly rooms. I called to make certain it was all okay and spoke to a really nice woman (wish I'd gotten her name) who assured me that there are dog-friendly rooms of each kind and that our reservation was all in order. She noted that we are members of the Kimpton In-Touch program and that we were going to be there for a special occasion. She asked if we would like to have a bottle of wine or champagne in the room. I stammered a bit and said that actually we are micro-brewed beer hounds. She said she would see what she could do. So, we arrived downtown around 1pm and thought we'd see if they would let us leave our car there while we went to eat lunch and wait for our room to be ready. We were delighted to find out that our room was already available and we could unload the car. The valet was very sweet to our dog and helped us juggle the luggage, dog, jackets, keys, etc. Inside they have an adorable chalkboard with the names of all the dog guests posted. They also give you a little gift bag with dog treats, a dog toy, and clean-up bags. The lobby has a lot of seating areas, a fireplace, chess set, and complimentary wine around 5ish. I'm not sure what the decorating scheme would be called, but it's warm and comfortable as opposed to a lot of the trendy places with hard surfaces and mod colors. Our room was decorated in a similar fashion to the lobby and included a sofa, lounge chair and desk with desk chair. There was also a bed on the floor for our dog. The bed for the humans was huge and had crisp linens and lots of pillows. The bathroom was a nice size and instead of those little bottles of shampoo and such they had large dispenser bottles in the shower. Probably better for the environment. After dropping our things we went out to explore the city. The hotel is in a great central location and you can leave your car there and walk all over the place. When we came back a couple of hours later there were three bottles of Pike Place Brewery ales chilling in a bucket of ice. There was also a personalized card written to my husband wishing him a happy 56th birthday. It was signed by the Chief Concierge, Jesse Peterson. Too cool! The next day we had a really delicious brunch at the adjoining restaurant, Sazerac. After we returned home I filled out an online questionnaire and gave them high marks for making us feel so special while we were at the hotel. I then received a 'thank you' email from the Director of Operations and it wasn't a form letter! These people are SERIOUS about customer service. I have recently slacked-off on writing reviews because it's time consuming and I feel a little bit like "why would anyone care what I think", but when a company puts so much time and effort into making sure I'm happy I'm glad to talk about them to anyone who will listen.