My girlfriend and I decided to surprise our 11-year-old daughter with a trip to Seattle for her birthday this last weekend. She had never been and we knew she would love it. I actually went on a hotel discount site and was given this hotel. I had been in the Portland location once and remember it being beautiful and have stayed at other Kimpton hotels and had great experiences. After receiving notice of our reservation I emailed their staff and informed them this trip was for a birthday and requested a room with 2 beds, hopefully towards the top. The assistant manager promptly replied and said that he could accommodate that request but the 2-bed options were lower and didn't have the best views. He then offered to upgrade us for $40 to one of the suites on the top floor. Given that we got such a good deal on the hotel price it was a no-brainer. The suite was excellent with a king bed in the bedroom and a pullout queen sleeper sofa in the living area. Both rooms had their own TV's and there was a curtain that could be drawn to separate the two areas. The room was very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was nice but wasn't as lavish as some other 4-star hotels we've been to. All of the soaps and shampoos though were high-end and there was nothing lacking. That night the hotel staff also left a note in our room with a birthday card for our daughter which included a free in-room movie rental as well as an invitation to call down for a complimentary birthday cake. We called down and they brought up a delicious personal-sized chocolate cake with ice cream and a candle in it. She was very excited! Throughout our 2-night stay the staff continued to be amazing. We spent a lot of our time checking out Seattle attractions but each time we came back we were greeted warmly. There was a wine tasting each night in the lobby and the staff always offered to get my daughter a soft drink from the restaurant. There were bowls of chocolates around that we all enjoyed as well. If I had anything to add to the "con" side it would be that the views from this hotel aren't as attractive as some others I've stayed at in Seattle. It's only an 11-story building and there are taller buildings surrounding it. If you're expecting a full city view or one of the water you may be disappointed. We also thought the cost of valet parking was a little much, coming to nearly $40 per night with taxes. I am sure this is on-par with other 4-star hotels but is pretty hard to justify. We opted to valet on Friday night but found street parking on Saturday night since parking is free on Sundays. Overall though, it was a great experience and I would highly recommend staying there. Even with getting our reservation through a third party site we were never treated differently and that says a lot about a place.