I'm not in the habit of writing online reviews yet I wanted to acknowledge an outstanding experience recently had at Seattle's Hotel Monaco. Typical of the Kimpton brand, the room was attractive, clean, and well-appointed. The bed was comfortable. The servicesuperb, as always. There is a lovely wine and beer reception in the lobby each evening and it was fun to see all the pooches hanging around this dog-friendly establishment. And, even though the hotel is smack in the heart of downtown Seattle, we heard very little street noise from our room. That said, it is smack in the heart of downtown Seattle! Which means easy walking distance (or a quick cab ride away, at most) to many fantastic restaurants and city attractions. None of these things are a surprise when staying at a Kimpton hotel, and I've stayed at several. What was beyond the exceptional ordinary was the attention given to a Kimpton InTouch Rewards Program issue (the hotel's guest loyalty program) I had with one of their properties I usually stay at in Portland. I sent an email to the Hotel Monaco's manager prior to our stay regarding the previous oversights of the Portland property, inquiring if they might give some attention to the matter. Within twenty minutes I received a reply. WOW! They assured me the problem was being researched so that it wouldn't happen again. They were prompt, responsive and made a service recovery on behalf of the other property when it wasn't even "their" issue. Not only that, my beau had garnered this particular reservation via Priceline, so we were already getting a fabulous rate to begin with. When we arrived, there was a bottle of wine, chocolate and a lovely card waiting for us. The valet attendant made our life easier by offering to keep our car parked curbside since we needed to leave soon after our arrival. Our room was upgraded to a suite and and it was fabulous. I'm a longtime hospitality veteran with years in the hotel industry. True customer service seems to be a dying art, and yet Kimpton manages to hire, train and maintain a staff of people who seem to find joy in elevating the quality of a guest's stay. Bravo to you all! It's why I keep coming back and why I refer others to these properties. There are so many places to stay in any city; my loyalty goes to the businesses that show me my comfort and well-being matters... that's *real* service. Many thanks, and see you again soon!