Spur of the moment, we decided to take a train to Seattle for a couple of quick days away. We decided on Hotel Monaco simply based on location (which is terrific) and pricing. From the moment we walked in, our experience was wonderful. I booked online and received the option of an upgrade which we received at a fantastic price. Let me first state that I am self employed (I own a tattoo studio) and I have found my outward appearance to have a negative impact when I travel, especially in nicer hotels. That was absolutely not our experience with Hotel Monaco... we were treated well and every staff we came across was warm and welcoming. We arrived a few hours prior to check in, our plan was to use the time to grab some lunch. The staff gladly secured our belongings and offered to call us when our room was ready. It was ready much earlier than expected. Both the front staff and porters were wonderful. They were quick to offer a hand and point us in the right direction when asked. The room was fantastic and the housekeeping staff was unusually happy and friendly. On our second night, we ate at the hotel's restaurant. We came in late and it was a busy night. I ordered a vegetarian dish. Soon the restaurant manager politely informed me that they were out of that dish... he had already consulted the chef and had recommendations readily available that met my dietary preferences. It was one of the best meals I'd eaten in a long time. Staff checked in soon after my first bite to make sure I was happy with everything, I couldn't have been happier. Upon checkout, again our train was leaving later than our check out time. Our bags were again securely stored even though we were no longer really staying at the hotel, when we retrieved them, staff offered to call our taxi and assist us until we were on our way back home. Dumb luck brought us to Hotel Monaco, however the next time we are in Seattle, we will be back because our first experience was so good. I would highly recommend them based on location, the accommodations and of course the wonderful people who really cared that we had a great couple of days away. By the way... this is my first review of a hotel like this. Just like most of you, I'm sure.... I am quick to share my negative experiences in hopes of making a small difference for the next patron (after all, this is an opportunity for hotels to learn and improve), however I am happy to be sharing this great experience with you, and I hope you have as wonderful experience as I did!