Have now stayed at the Hotel Monaco twice for a total of 5 nights. Overally, I've been very pleased. Checkin and checkout are easy and I've never had to wait in line. I've stayed in both a suite and the basic king room. The suite is essentially a very large room separated by a curtain. The sitting room has a couch and additional flat screen TV. Unless you're traveling with more than 2 people or want to spend a lot of time in your room, the standard room is more than adequate. Suite bath is pretty much the same as a regular room (they do have suites with jacuzzis that might be more elaborate). Hotel is only 11 floors so don't expect panoramic views. Furnishings are "funky" but tasteful. Rooms appear to be in good repair. Robes (with animal print) are standard. Large flat screen TVs with many, many channels are standard. Bathroom amenities (Aveda) are replenished daily. Bathrooms are modern with tile floors and granite counters. I've had mixed room service experiences. Twice, it was fast and food (pizza) was excellent. One morning breakfast was late and cold. The soft-boiled eggs were hard, which is good because they didn't provide a spoon. The attached restaurant is okay, but the one time we tried it service was very slow. Have heard that it's good for lunch/dinner but the menu wasn't that appealing to me so didn't try it. The concierge was helpful but was rarely seen before 9 or after 5. However, the front desk personnel were great. Wake up calls came promptly. There is free wireless and wired interet access as well as a computer in the lobby for those who didn't bring their own. There are some additional nice touches. First, they host a "wine hour" from 5-6 each evening. Wine is decent (and free) and they do refill your glass. It's a nice way to unwind and mingle with colleagues or even strangers. They are also very pet friendly -- actually seem to enjoy pets rather than merely "accepting" them. For example, this huge dog joined the wine hour and started to wander off into the restaurant. The staff didn't panic -- merely quietly alerted the owner who rectified the situation. The location is good -- walking distance to a lot of things. However, the hotel is on a San-Francisco type hill, so if you walk down to Pike Market, it's a VERY steep walk back up. The one nice thing about this hotel is that it caters to a variety of traveler types. We saw Packers' fans (in town for the NFL game), business people, tourists, etc. A nice mix with nice staff. It is a pleasant change from the traditional loud, impersonal hotels you find in so many large cities. Would definitely recommend it and stay there again.