My husband, 2 preteen sons, my husbands parents, brother-in-law, and his girlfriend all stayed here post Alaskan cruise for 4 nights starting June 25. We arrived very early and were impressed from the start. Everyone we came into contact with was extemely nice and welcoming. I did not expect any rooms to be ready (10 am), but wanted to check our bags. One of our 3 rooms (2 Queen beds) was ready, so we had all of our bags sent to this room so we could freshen up. Our 2 Queen room was much larger than I had expected and was also able to fit a rollaway bed, which they happily provided. This alone made our stay better since our boys would be less likely to fight over pillows, the spot next to the table, etc. Our window faced a side street but had a beautiful view of the water to the left. There was a table and 2 chairs in front of the window where I liked to sit with my laptop and look out over the water. We had a fridge/ minibar, microwave, and large closet with many shelves. The bathroom was beautiful, clean and huge. I liked the bath products very much. The hairdryer left a lot to be desired for my long hair. I have yet to find a decent one in a hotel, so I always bring my own. We dropped our bags and went off to checkout the rest of the hotel and Public Market. I have to say that even if the hotel hadn't been as nice as it was, I still would have paid what I did (250 King city view and 320 2 Queen ) for the rooftop deck and proximity to Public Market. The deck is large with several tables with chairs, a few lounge chairs and an outdoor living room set. It looks directly over the market and the water. I went up every morning with my coffee and whatever treat I picked up at the Market. We also spent each evening up there reviewing our day's adventures over a bottle of wine. It was perfect. The location of the hotel cannot be beat if you truly want to be in the heart of it all. It is actually a part of the Market, so you walk out the door of the hotel, through its little courtyard (which I love) and you are there. It was wonderful to be able to wander at my leisure during the off hours than suffer the rat race that the Market can become in the middle of the day. If you haven't been to Seattle, it is filled with steep hills. Even though we were in a great location, my husband's parents usually called a cab to go anywhere beyond the Market. The rest of us easily walked to our destintation or to the bus tunnel or monorail. We did walk to Safeco Field as well (about a mile), but opted to take a cab back since going back was all uphill and we were tired. The hotel staff, as expected, were very helpful with checkout. The loaned us a scale for our luggage (airline fees :( ) They also helped us to arrange a van to the airport. I was very sad to leave this hotel and hope I have the opportunity to return.