I live in Seattle and work at a local restaurant and was fortunate to receive a gift certificate for a night's stay from a contest at work. I can't say for sure what I was expecting, but I do know that our experience went WAY beyond anything we could have expected. The hotel is located in a PRIME location right at Pike's Place Market. The hotel room, rooftop deck, lobby, and courtyard (shared with Campagne and other shops) are all gorgeous. The beds are so comfortable, as are the robes, and everything you can imagine needing during your stay is most likely already provided for you in the room. Love the roomy and elegant bathrooms, too, with lush towels and toiletries. What I was REALLY impressed with was the staff. Working in customer service my whole life gives me a unique perspective, and I have to say this is the most welcoming and professional hotel staff I have ever encountered. A+++for all of them. The rooftop deck on the 5th floor is a very special treat where you can bring your coffee, wine, book, laptop or just sit and enjoy the view of the sound. If you need a gym, you can get a day pass at Seattle Athletic Club for $15(pretty swank gym) right around the corner. We also ate brunch at Cafe Campagne right around the corner, which I SOOOO recommend (make reservations!). Oh yeah--and when I made the reservations, I mentioned it was my husband's birthday. When we checked in, there was a birthday card with 4 mini-cupcakes waiting for him. Very nice and sweet touch. We will definitely be telling all of our friends about this place (as well as out-of-town guests at the restaurant we work at), and we will definitely be back to visit ourselves! Oh, just remembered, too! My husband and I had a little "too" much fun out on the town during our night stay. While the room has a small coffee maker (and Seattle's Best Coffee is provided), we knew we wanted a big pot of coffee. Barely awake, I called room service (directs to to Bacco or Cafe Campagne) to order a pot of coffee. It arrived within 5 minutes! Seriously, what a Godsend!