My husband and I stayed 3 nights for our 10th anniversary.A couple co-workers who grew up in Seattle suggested we stay here if we could afford it.It is pricey but WELL worth it!! The service and location can not be beat.We were exhausted when we arrived and we were a little early for check in.The front desk said they saw it was our anniversary and asked if we could wait a short time so we could get an upgraded room. I REALLy wanted to lay down and shower but my husband encouraged me to go down to the market and wait. When we walked down just a very short distance the Pike Place Market just perked me up. The flowers and food were fantastic. We bought a huge bouquet of hydrangeas{my all time favorite} plus sweetpeas and the hotel called to say our room was ready.We only had to wait maybe 30-40 minutes. The room is nothing really special but the view and the roof top deck along with the location were fantastic! We had a queen size tempurpedic bed which was small but comfy. Lots of closet space, a small table and chairs to look out at the street,market and water. We were on the 5th floor and kept the windows open all day but did close them at night since the action and traffic continues all night,but it was very quiet when the windows were closed. There is GREAT shopping and restaurants EVERYWHERE around the hotel!!! We had lots of different things planned for our 4 days but really just walked around near the hotel and had a great time. We had great weather and loved going up and down 1st ave and Pine,Belltown and Pioneer Sq. are just short walks. The service was fantastic,everyone had great smiles,suggestions and really seemed to like the guests and their jobs. They got me a couple vases and scissors in 2 minutes after check-in so I could enjoy my flowers for the whole visit.We loved Cafe Campaigne for happy hour and Brunch,Matt's for lunch,don't miss Macrina Bakery for ANYTHING! We had Pike Place Fish pack a big box of fish and produce to bring home on the plane,They're the best!