We stayed one night here as part of our first visit to Seattle. The hotel is right across the street from the famous Pikes Place Market. The entrance is rather unassuming, but the lobby and courtyard are very nice. Landon, one of the bell staff, was very friendly and attentive, as were all of the bell staff during our stay. Landon assisted us with our bags and quickly set them in the room and showed us the room features. Our room was a king, partial water view room, which remained true to its description. The room was large and well appointed. The bathroom was large with some nice features, including a basket for soiled towels, nice, plentiful amenities, a dimmer switch on the overhead light, and nice artwork, something you don't normally see in a bathroom. The window coverings are made from very nice, beautiful fabric, and the bed and pillows are quite comfortable. Keep in mind if driving that parking is available only through valet service ($25), but I believe that is less expensive than any available overnight parking nearby. The fifth floor deck is beautiful! It was a little cool while we were there, but we still went to the deck to enjoy the fabulous views of the sunset. You can also see Safeco Field in the distance, where that night the Mariners lost to the Rays. We asked for suggestions on where to go for good seafood and two people recommended Cutters where my husband and I both had roasted dungeness crab. It's about a 3-4 block walk from the hotel. Very nice restaurant with a great view. The hotel also offers a nice business center with computers, printer and fax machine. One downfall might be the heater/air conditioner. It was a little noisy and we ended up turning it completely off during the night. Traffic noise was heavy at night also. The first couple nights of our stay in Seattle, we stayed in a vacation rental by owner whch gave us a whole different perspective of the city, but if I were to return to Seattle and stay in a hotel again, it would be the Inn at the Market.