I could go on & on about this hotel but I'll try to keep it brief! My husband & I booked the Inn for our honeymoon based on the great reviews that we had seen on this site. We were also impressed by the fact that the GM, Mr. Watkins, responds to the reviews. I emailed him and requested that he arrange "something special" for us upon our arrival. We were absolutely thrilled to arrive and find a bottle of Tattinger champagne and the most heavenly chocolate cake I've ever tasted, waiting on us in our room. The hand written congratulations card was a very nice touch. I think that we were also upgraded based on the fact that we had paid for a room with a city view but our room had a partial water view along with the city view. In my mind, its the little things that make this place special. The attention to detail by the housekeeping staff was outstanding. Noticing that my husband had doubled his pillow up for added support, we came back to our room the next night to find an extra set of pillows on our bed. That's just one example. Another night, we had dinner reservations and asked for a cab. When we came downstairs, the ladies at the desk offered us the town car instead! We loved the Seattle Chocolates on our bed each night and the free wireless internet was a very nice touch. We ordered room service from Campagne and it was absolutely fabulous. I honestly could go on and on about our trip, it was absolutely amazing. If I had to levy one complaint, it would be that the TV channels were pretty dismal. I only noticed this because as honeymooners, we were in our room more than we would've been on a normal trip! 4 government access channels, no music, no HBO, etc. The reception was also grainy most of the time. Again, not something that most people would really care about..we are never on a trip to watch TV but again, this is just me trying to come up with something that wasn't entirely positive. Thank you, thank you so much to the Inn at the Market for helping us have an absolutely amazing honeymoon! I have already recommended the hotel to a friend who will be going to Seattle and I can honestly say that I will never stay anywhere else when I come back to Seattle. Totally fantastic!