This is a great boutique hotel. It is not the typical huge, rubber stamp type facility. We loved this hotel. The bell men and front desk staff were great. They went out of their way to make sure our stay was great. We were there for our 25th anniversary. We arrived and found two chocolate strawberries situated on our already turned down bed. A large bucket of ice was ready for champagne. The bed was very comfy and we were delighted to find it was a Temperpedic (memory foam) bed, which is what we have at home. We spent two nights at the Inn at the Market before a cruise to Alaska and one night upon our return. Literally every staff member made sure to mention that all staff were trained to help with conceirge duties and they were all very helpful to help us find our way around, providing maps and bus information. We ate breakfast across the street in the market, where you are really hardpressed to not find a large variety of food. The other morning we had pastry and coffee in a french pastry shop just down the street. We picked up great fruit to snack on in our room. We ate at Etta's one night and had delicious fresh oysters, halibut and fabulous coconut creme pie for dessert. One night we selected a variety of cheeses, crab, bread, olives, berries, peaches and things from various shops in the market. We bought some wine from Cost Plus, just down the street and had a little picnic up on the 5th floor deck. It was great! Gosh, we just had a great time and the situation of the hotel made it perfect for a nap before dinner and stopping back in to drop off packages. We were greeted each time we came and left by the very friendly staff. The staff called for cabs for us when we needed to get to far away destinations. They were wonderful!! So, a nice clean room, comfy bed, great bathroom, perfect location, great garden deck to watch the bustling crowd below. They have coffee/tea in the lobby....as much as a person could possibly want! I scampered down in my bathrobe once and nobody seemed to care.....just like most boutique hotels, you sort of feel at home. So...if you are looking for convenience, great staff, nice hotel...not cookie cutter...this is the place. I am surprised to read some of the less than favorable reviews. Perhaps these will make it easier for folks like me to get reservations. I spoke with a number of people up on the 5th floor deck who always stay at the Inn and know that a reservation well in advance is necessary. It seemed the saavy travelers enjoyed this facility. The others may be more comfortable in one of the corporate high rises. But for us.....we will be at the Inn and tell our family to also stay here.