Wow! What a great hotel! Good job TripAdvisor reviewers...I chose this hotel based on the ranking and reviews, and I'm very glad I did. This is definitely a "boutique" hotel, but the price was very reasonable. Yes, it was a winter rate, but I would have no problem going back in the high season. The location of the hotel is perfect. It's right above the Pike Place Market (not literally) and in the heart of downtown. Each morning, we could step outside, and get breakfast from a multitude of local eateries, and then stroll through the market to pick up grapefruit-size apples. It's also a few blocks from the Westlake center and a little further to the Space needle. And it's just a stones throw from the Seattle waterfront. The room itself is rather spacious, and the Tempur Pedic bed was really nice. I wasn't used to it, and slept only ok on it, but at least they went the extra mile to put those high end mattresses in the rooms. The bathroom was also very nice, and very clean. There is a stocked honor bar and mini-fridge (which I used to store my own drinks and cold items), as well as a room safe. The view from the room was awesome. We were supposed to have a "city view" but I got a partial water view from my room. (Tip: I told them I wanted to be away from the elevators, which I do recommend, and they gave me a better room since the elevators are by the city view rooms) We spent a good amount of time just relaxing by the large bay window people watching and gazing out over the sound and the Olympic mountains in the distance. The only complaint I would have is the TV reception was not very good, and the number of stations was very limited. We didn't even get the weather channel, and this is Seattle in winter!!! But, who spends their vacation watching TV in the hotel? Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. Its location cannot be beat, and the boutique feel to it was very nice. The rooms are very spacious, clean, and comfortable. It was very quiet at night (Seattle is very quiet at night!) also. The 5th floor "rooftop garden" was a great place to hang out, albeit cold in winter! It also overlooks the Sound, with nice vistas in all directions. You can even see Mt. Ranier from the garden. It was a memorable vacation, staying at the very fine Inn at the Market.