My wife and myself recently spent 5 nights at the Inn at the Market while I attended a convention. We had a very nice time at this small, comfortably furnished hotel that has a great location just up the hill from Pike Place Market. The walk to the convention center is about 8 blocks east, pretty easy except for the steep 1/2 block adjacent to the hotel. There are a number of trendy restaurants as you walk north on First Ave. and Pioneer Square with its old stone buildings and charming pergola is south along the same road. And of course, the market is a 1/2 block to the west and has many food stands, boutiques, fish and flower stalls, handicrafts, jewelry tables, entertainers, and ethnic dining options that spill onto the narrow alleys and covered arcades. It was a pleasure to wake up in the morning and grab something to eat nearby while watching the small trucks and vans unload their wares and the vendors set up their tables. Our room was on the corner overlooking the city and was very spacious, with lots of storage space in the wardrobe and a large bathroom. The sink was a pedestal-type, so spreading out toiletries was limited to the glass shelf or nearby small table/shelf unit. We could hear traffic noise from the street, which was annoying, but we did request their lowest-priced room and it is in the city, so I wasn't expecting total silence when we closed the doors. The rooms have window seats with pillows, a nice feature that makes the rooms appear bigger and provides additional seating or a good spot for reading while people-watching. The decor is contemporary, with beiges, browns, and blacks predominating. In good weather, the upstairs terrace would be a nice place to sit and enjoy the views of the bay and the market. The modern, brick building surrounds a pleasant courtyard with a splashing fountain/sculpture adjacent to some outdoor seating for the hotel restaurant. The lobby opens off the courtyard and has a fireplace, stuffed chairs, and the registration desk, where the helpful staff operates. We enjoyed our time here. The hotel is a nice option for those who don't want a large convention hotel in a central Seattle location. Do be aware that Seattle does have its share of street people and that there are a couple of strip clubs near the front of Pike Place Market.