Because my SO and I were taking an Alaskan cruise departing from Seattle and we have never been in Seattle, we decided to arrive one day prior to our cruise. Since we were short on time, I decided to book a hotel in the downtown area. I was looking for a hotel with a price range of $150 to $200 (including taxes) therefore, after looking at the reviews in trip advisor regarding different hotels; I decided that The Crown Plaza was a good match for us. I found out that the Crown Plaza is one of the few hotels that offer a nice Pre-cruise package. We booked the Pre-Cruise plan with a King size bed. The room was located on the floor 27 and it was a corner room. We were able to see most of the downtown area and the Space needle from our room. The room and bathroom were very spacious and clean. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. We arrived at 11:30 AM and our room was not ready, but we were able to leave our suitcases with the door man and go to explore the city. By the time we came back to the hotel (around 5:00 PM) our room was ready. As part of the package, breakfast and transfer from the hotel to the pier were included. The breakfast was a buffet breakfast and it was good. As a matter of fact I really enjoyed the coffee that was served during breakfast. I even asked the waiter where I could buy that kind of coffee in Seattle, the waiter told me that he did not know but he was going to ask. A few minutes later, the hostess came to our table and she gave us as a gift, a bag of (1/2lb) of their coffee. I was very impressed by that. The service at the restaurant was very good. The staff at their front desk and the lady in charge of scheduling our transportation to the pier was very friendly and courteous with us. Unfortunately, some of the customers who were in the reception area were very unfriendly and uptight. The only complaint that we had was regarding the Wi-Fi connection. The service is not free, my SO was trying to update his Facebook status and check his e-mails and we did not want to pay the extra $$ for that service. Fortunately, he was able to pick up a free Wi-Fi connection when we were strolling in downtown. There are hundreds of Wi-Fi networks out there. So, in conclusion, I liked this hotel and it provides good value for the money. If I have the opportunity in the future I would stay again in this place and I feel that I can recommend this place.