First off if you are expecting the Hilton - the Queen Anne is not that. If the Hilton is what you are expecting find a Hilton and pay the price otherwise do not complain about this nice little quaint hotel! Pros: Very Comfy - everything worked in the room. Rooms were small, but I like to think of it as cozy instead of small. The closets are real large so therefore much of your traveling items can be stored out of arms way. I believe all the units have a small kitchenette which consists of a (2) burner stove, microwave, sink, cupboards, small fridg and enough dishes and silverware to accomedate 2 just fine. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a continental breakfast offered with coffee, OJ, and rolls - there may be more I was not sure as my husband just went down one morning to get me some OJ and a roll. I can say the roll and OJ was tasty and fresh. The maid server was very nice and did a good job on cleaning daily. There is high speed internet available in the rooms, which is a plus if you are like me and have a traveling office which requires you to work while out of town. Location is absolutely wonderful. Walking distance to space needle and Key arena activities, many restaurants close by and the metro bus lines are right there to take you where ever you little heart desires at a very reasonable small fee. PLUS a grocery store right across the street, drug store about 1 block away some smaller businesses like office supplies etc! How wonderful is this. The staff pointed out that is is about the same price to take a Towncar from the Sea-Tac then a taxi. And they have one that they recommend. I mean why not we did ~ hmmm Taxi or Towncar.. not really to hard of a decision there for the same price. I am sure the shuttle may of been a few dollars cheaper, so if you don't mind a 1 1/2 hour shuttle ride to save nothing more then a couple bucks then take the shuttle, otherwise the towncar is the way to go between airport and the Inn At Queen Anne. Cons: The pillows could be a little fluffier. We solved that by asking for a couple more pillows which the staff supplied without hesitation. There is not that much hot water or pressure. We stayed there for 6 nights and found that if at all possible take your shower around noon or a little after. There is really no need to turn on the cold water knob when taking a shower and the shower head can be rotated to help with the pressure aspect. Other then them two small issues really just one the water pressure (the pillows can be solved by asking for more pillows) - I cannot say anything negative about the Inn At Queen Anne" Again this is not the Hilton or even the Radisson it is a small 1930's quaint Inn located in a nice area and for the age still holds her head fairly high. It shows and feels charactor. You can almost feel the history within the walls. And the price cannot be beat! We will stay there again if we have a need to go to Seattle again!