We stayed at the MarQueen in early November. It is just up the hill a few blocks from the Space Needle and if you walk through the park you pass through the old grounds of the Worlds Fair of 1962 called Seattle Center with the International Fountain & the entrance to the Monorail which goes 1 1/2 miles to downtown to Nordstroms and other transportation such as the last stop of the metro which comes from the airport and buses. You can use the bus system to get to the Boeing Museum of Flight that is out by the SeaTac airport. It is also walkable to go down the hill to the Waterfront, Pikes Place Market, and the original Starbucks which is across the street from the market. There is a store that makes its own cheese, a number of bakeries, and fruit stands on the way down the hill. We left from one of the piers on the Clipper to Victoria to stay a few days. The Hotel is an experience in that you go back in time to an earlier day. It has quite a history. Don't expect it to be modern, but do expect comfort, cleanliness, quietness, and privacy. We did stay long enough to use the kitchen facilities but it would have been convenient. The sitting room was small but comfortable & we spent time there planning our trip, using our computer to make reservations and finding information. The lobby and staircase are gorgeous and the desk help and bellhop were cheerful, friendly, helpful and informative. They can give you directions! Yes, there is no elevator but the stairs aren't that bad and they helped us carry the suitcases up. The breakfast is basic but just fine. The lady helping to set it up was very friendly. We took a couple of granola bars for the road after having morning coffee and tea. You could have bagels, oatmeal, toast, fruit, etc. There is a coffee shop/bakery next door that has more if you want it. The Mexican restaurant across the street is excellent and not overpriced. It's a "hoppin' place" on the weekends because of the bar attached and there was a line to get in. Probably quieter during the week. We stayed in the back of the hotel which was very quiet but there isn't a view since there is a painted mural brick wall in the back. The price of the hotel is a real plus since at the time we booked it was the off season but only about $135 a night. We enjoyed our experience and had wanted to stay in a historic hotel that was accessible to the sites.