Lets just start by saying LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! This grand little hotel is truly a diamond in a gem of a city. My husband and I arrived to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary at the Mayflower Park for a stay of 4 days. We were impressed from the moment we set foot in front of the hotel. We were met with a smile by a friendly doorman who welcomed us. We had arrived at 1:00 in the morning very tired and needing a good nights rest. The gentleman at the desk also gave a a very big welcome and proceeded to check us in quickly and afficiently Upon hearing that we were there celebrating our anniversary he gave us a certificate for 2 free cocktails in their wonderful martini cocktail lounge. What a nice way to start our stay! We found our room a mini king size suite to be beautiful, comfortable, very clean and quiet. The next morning we had breakfast in their restaurant Anduluca. The breakfast choices were wonderful as were the wait staff. The breakfast was also included in the price of each night we stayed at the hotel ,which I must say is the best deal in town. Each morning we had a delicious breakfast which was prepared to a tee,(my favorite being the stuffed french toast YUM!!) and some great conversation with the wait staff. They were always helpful with ideas of things we should do or see,and all their recommendations were great. It was a nice way to start our day. The concierge, Sean, was also extremely helpful and knowledgeable. He made reservations at 2 of Seattles finest restaurants for us and we loved them both. Lets get back to LOCATION. This little grand hotel is right in the hub of all that is going on in Seattle.Shopping surrounds you,from Nordstroms, Macys, to the world famous Pikes Market which is only 2 blocks away. Great fun at Pikes and we visited it every day. The hotel is also conveniently located 1 block from the Lite Rail which is a great train ride that takes you to and from Seattles Seatac airport. It costs only $2.50 each way and we found it to be clean and comfortable. What a great perk, as a taxi ride from the airport can cost around $40. We made use of our certificate for our 2 Free cocktails at Olivers their martini cocktail lounge and once again were so happy with the service and genuine friendliness of the staff. The drinks were delish! The Mayflower Park is attached to Westlake center where there is a shuttle that will take you to the Space Needle which is just a short 3 minute ride away. You can't ask for more than this hotel offers. They are truly a great example of what a hotel stay should be like. We would recommend this hotel without hesitation to any one staying in Seattle. P.S. We never experienced a long wait for the elevator which was mentioned in some of the other reviews!