We booked this hotel through Expedia.ca. Received an awesome rate of CDN$129. Rates for our room would usually go for over $200 a night. We think it was because we booked the room just for one night (Saturday) and just two days before we were in Seattle. They may have just been trying to fill the rooms. Upon our arrival, check-in was excellent. The front desk was extremely helpful, we used the valet service and it was $15 for 24 hours with unlimited in-out privileges. Considering that the hotel was on 4th Avenue. It was an awesome deal. When we got to our room, it was on the 11th floor (the hotel only has 12 floors), the front desk had booked us into a quiet corner suite and the room was immaculate. Others mention that it was smaller but for a married couple, it was just fine. The bed was comfortable, the sitting area with the TV and the desk with the mirror was helpful for putting on makeup since the bathroom didn't have much counterspace. The bathroom was small but had all the essentials. A good flowing shower, plenty of towels, complimentary products and bathrobes. We only stayed for one night so we didn't even use all the products but it was definitely great. Keep in mind, this hotel was built back in the 20's (i think) and it has been renovated a few times but the essence of the old-school style wasn't lost but it didn't feel dated or grungy at all, in fact, we felt like it was a great little getaway hotel that was close to the main downtown Seattle area. The lobby lounge, Oliver's, has really good martinies, they have won competitions for it. It was really nice also with the big windows and the high ceilings because you could watch people walking by and enjoy a tasty drink at the same time. A great before-dinner option. The concierge was extremely helpful, he gave us some options for how to spend the night and we gave him ideas of what we wanted to do and he gave us suggestions that fit it perfectly. The restaurant Andaluca's, we didn't go to but supposedly they have the best mediterranean, we will definitely check it out next time we visit. Overall, our stay at Mayflower was excellent. We would highly recommend. Even though it is rated 3.5 stars, it could be 4 stars for sure but since it is rated 3.5 i guess you are even more pleasantly surprised. And since it hasn't been taken over by any of the big hotel franchises, you can go away feeling like you have really supported the local businesses. Me and my husband can't wait to go back to Mayflower Park!!!