Our party of 5 stayed here in two rooms for one night after disembarking from our cruise. I called from the pier at 8am to see if we could check our luggage in the lobby while we wandered around Seattle's downtown since I knew we could not check into our room until 3 or 4pm. Much to my surprise, they told me one of our rooms was available so they were happy to check us in. We arrived by taxi at 9am and checked into that room. The other room was ready by Noon, and they contacted me by cell phone to let me know we were free to pick up our other room card when we were ready. One person in our party is recovering from knee surgery, and was limping quite pronouncedly after overdoing it on an excursion the day before. The hotel staff made known to me that they do have a wheelchair on the property and said they would be happy to get it out of storage if we could use it. I thought that was a great idea, but my relative said no and opted to walk a little bit and then rest in the room while the rest of us adventured. Pike's Place Market was an easy 3 blocks away, and the monorail stop is just a block away. The 2nd floor of the hotel links to the Westlake Center Mall which we enjoyed, and there is lots of shopping available around this hotel's location. We had one room with 1 queen bed, and another room with 2 queen beds. Both were clean, with comfortable beds. The 2-queen room had a flat screen TV while the 1-queen room had a normal model. Both had desks with chairs, cozy sitting chairs, and free wireless connection. The shower/bath was great with plenty of hot water and terrific pressure. The decor is very charming, and it was quiet--we never heard any noise from neighbors or otherwise. One of us ate in Andaluca for breakfast (opens at 6:30am) and it was nice but pricey ($11-16). The rest opted for Starbuck's which is only a half block down 4th Ave. For lunch, we loved P.F. Chang's which was just around the corner. We enjoyed our stay very much, and would like to return when we have more time to spend in Seattle. All the staff, from the desk attendants to the bellmen to the concierge, were very warm and responsive to our questions and needs. Wonderful experience!