Mayflower Park Hotel Review  6/30/06  7/2/06 and 7/9/06 My husband and I visited Seattle for the first time earlier this month, in conjunction with a cruise to Alaska. We always try to stay at historic hotels if possible, instead of the cookie cutter big box hotels where you would be hard-pressed to know what city or state you were in. We read the reviews of the Mayflower Park Hotel on Trip Advisor, then found their website on the Internet. I was hesitant about staying here at first, after reading Trip Advisor reviews about the small rooms and bathrooms. When I called to get more information, I was told by reservations that the deluxe rooms were about 100 square feet larger then the classic rooms. I knew through my research that all hotel rooms in downtown were very expensive, and I was pleasantly surprised to be told that with an AAA or AARP discount of 30%, the rate for the deluxe room would be $179 instead of $255. I reserved a deluxe room with a queen bed for 2 nights prior to the cruise, and for 1 night after we returned. I then received an immediate confirmation by e-mail. The Mayflower Park was the best of all the places we have stayed in the Historic Hotels of America group. The restoration/renovation of the hotel is beautiful and everything about our stay was fabulous! We arrived from the airport shortly after noon, and were surprised to find our room ready for an early check-in. Check-in was a breeze and our luggage was quickly brought up to our room. Our room was beautiful and very large! Room 815, which was on the northwest corner, faces Macys to the west and had a view of the Space Needle to the north, although the flagpole atop of the flatiron building next door competed somewhat with the Space Needle view. We also had a small glimpse of the snow covered Cascades between the citys high-rises. This corner room was bright with 3 sets of windows, very spacious and beautifully decorated. Queen bed, 2 bedside tables, armoire with television, 2 upholstered chairs with a table in-between, and a desk with chair in an extended area that also had a wet bar with granite countertop, a small under counter refrigerator and a coffee maker. The coffee packs that were furnished were without a doubt the best hotel room coffee I have ever had! Bathrobes, hair dryer, ironing board and iron were in the closet (small) and the bathroom was also somewhat small, but beautiful with a new pedestal sink, large tub and a great showerhead. The only drawback here was the close placement of the toilet between the tub and the door. Not much wiggle room there! The toiletries that were furnished were top of the line. When the bellman brought our luggage, he told us that the rooms that ended in the number 15 (815, 915, 1015, etc.) were all the same large corner rooms. The front desk called a couple of minutes later to ask if we needed anything, and the only thing I requested was to have the same room for the following Sunday night, after we returned from our cruise. We were able to walk just about everywhere we wanted to go in the downtown area. Pike Place Market was just 3 blocks away. Sees Candies was 1 block. We also walked to Pioneer Square, the Smith building, the new library and the ferry terminal to Bainbridge. We took a city bus up to the Seattle Center, and then walked up to Lake Union for the Wooden Boat show. Weather was gorgeous! Would I stay at the Mayflower Park again? You bet! Would I recommend it to others? Yes, most highly and without a doubt! Service (front desk, concierge, bellmen and housekeeping) was excellent. Location was great. Room 815 was wonderful. I cant wait until our next visit to Seattle!