My husband and I like to find interesting, historic inns whenever we travel and this hotel fit the bill pretty well. We rented one of the suites, Room 701, which appears to have been combined from 2 standard rooms into one suite during a recent renovation. I do have to say that I'm pleased we booked a suite vs. standard room as those appear to have been left out of the renovation process and are, well, exactly half the size. While we enjoyed our stay here, it is probably important to note that older travelers that are less flexible with certain conveniences may opt out of this trendy, historic hotel that is next to a concert venue. PROS: -Location. This hotel is right up the hill from Pike Market and walking distance to much of what the downtown has to offer. We walked the whole time to restaurants, bras, the Argosy boat tours, monorail stop, and to light rail to/from the airport. -Great service, friendly staff. Great knowledge of the tourism opportunities in the area. Let us use their printer for boarding passes for free. -There was a fully stocked dining room and kitchen, complete with dishes, utensils, wine glasses, pots/pans, wine openers, etc. -Very nice decor, modern decorations and great attention to detail. -The claw foot tub and spacious bathroom. -Lots of windows -Compared to area hotels, you get a lot for your money here. -There were no shows at the Moore Theater during our stay, so there was no issue with excessive noise besides general city street noise. -Very nice lobby/sitting area. CONS: -The comforter was a little "plasticy" and there no duvet for it, just 2 sheets folded around it. This quickly came undone and I was a little skeeved by the lack of skin-to-blanket barrier. -The water temperature would on occasion go from the set temperature to screaming hot, and back. The staff acknowledged this problem stating that the hotel was very old and it sometimes helped to have the water run for 5-10 minutes prior to getting in. This didn't work so well for us. My advice is to aim the water lower so you can escape quickly to the end of the tub. Overall I'd recommend this hotel. It's not going to be your Westin/Hilton experience, but with a few inconveniences this turned out to serve us quite well on our vacation and didn't break the bank.