I must admit that our 2-night stay at Miauw was unplanned. A little back story: My husband and I arrived in Amsterdam on New Year's Day, 2012 and discovered that the "highly rated" B&B we had booked two months prior was a complete and utter disaster. (long story, different review) After enduring one very dreadful night, I remembered that we had brought along an older (July, 2007) New York Times article of "36-hours in Amsterdam". Miauw was one of the suggested places to stay, so I immediately called and reached Analik. THANKFULLY, some guests had just checked out and Analik invited us to come on over - even though it was barely mid-morning and not even close to check-in time. Analik greeted us warmly when we arrived and took us up the two flights of stairs to view the apartment, which was still being cleaned after the previous guests. Even in an untidy state (seriously, how can people be such slobs?) we could see that the space was fantastic! At this point we realized how hungry we were and asked Analik for a coffee/breakfast recommendation. She suggested Screaming Beans, which was just around the corner. Great choice - good food and excellent coffee. Returning to the suite an hour or two later, it was as if we had walked in to a magazine spread! I won't repeat everything that other reviewers have rightly mentioned about how comfortable and well-appointed the space is, but I do wish to highlight a few things that made the White Suite so special: 1) The fantastic views from the windows - day or night. 2) Heated floors - these were absolutely wonderful to come back to after walking about in the cold and rain, and helped make the apartment incredibly cozy. 3) Location - so, so close to wonderful restaurants, bars, and excellent shopping ranging from unique boutiques to vintage. 4) Analik - even though we had just two days to experience Amsterdam, she listened to us when we described our interests and offered spot-on tips and suggestions. Like others, we were sad to leave Miauw Suites and Amsterdam - but we do hope to return one day.