I arrived at the Executive Hotel Pacific late on Sunday night and was helped by the front desk efficiently and kindly. Since I booked online, I received my free ipod gift card; they even offered to take my 1 bag upstairs but I refused. I questioned the front desk agent for a good 30 minutes in terms of technicalities about the surrounding areas and my room assignment and she patiently and willingly answered everything! I put in a request for a quiet room and they fulfilled that: I was given a room on one of the topmost floors in the corner and it had a breathtaking view of the Bay and City. I am eternally grateful for that! The room itself was furnished so cleanly and elegantly. There was a retro bathroom, high quality bathroom products, very chic accents throughout the room and it was well lit! There was a huge desk and comfy chair, flat screen TV, and the king bed was gigantic and extremely comfortable. I would always call the front desk with my questions and they would always ask me. This hotel is a few blocks from the link rail system which is the train that goes from SEATEC airport to downtown seattle. It is a quick walk (~5 minutes). You are also steps from the harbor (~ 5 minutes), aquarium, and all that good stuff! It is a beautiful location and very safe especially at night since there is a hotel guard at the front. There is a Seattle's Best coffee shop downstairs connected to the lobby. If you book online, you get a super discount. i got a buy 3 nights get the 4th free deal which came out to roughly $100 per night for a superior king. They also have a free computer lounge and free WIFI which was super convenient. No fridges though but if you find a hotel with a fridge in downtown seattle that doesn't make you pay for it all the power to you! Altogether, my stay was exceptional. I had absolutely no complaints! The service was phenomenal, the room was really comfy/cozy, and the hotel staff was out of this world nice! Every single person who I interacted with was so genuine and kind. They go the extra mile all the time. Don't stay anywhere but here. It is just as classy and wonderful as the Sheraton/ Hilton, etc... but it is substantially cheaper.