We had 2 nights in this hotel in September before taking an Alaskan cruise and the experience couldn't have been better. An older, moderately-priced hotel, but a better standard of accommodation than we were expecting for the price. The room was spacious, with a king bed, and very comfortable. No view, but we didn't pick the hotel for that. A friendly, relaxed atmosphere. Not as formal as other hotels we stayed in on our holiday, but perfect for this hotel. And absolute top marks to the Concierge, Zach. A welcoming and helpful presence at the front of the hotel. Always ready to ask what our plans were as we headed out sightseeing (and to make suggestions of things to see) and to ask how the day had been as we returned, tired and footsore. But he went further than that. We flew from New Zealand to San Francisco, then on to Seattle, and United managed to leave one bag behind in San Fran. We sorted it out at the airport and were assured it would be sent on the next available flight and delivered to the hotel. That was at 2pm. By about 8pm my wife realised that her insulin was in the missing bag. I went down to reception to ask if there was a way of ringing United at the airline's expense. The receptionist was rather vague, but Zach came over to ask what was wrong, then took over. By then United's normal offices were closed and weren't answering their phone at the airport either. But Zach somehow tracked down a United supervisor and stressed the urgency of the matter. He followed this up twice more before his shift ended at 10pm. The bag was finally delivered to our room at 2am, but Zach's efforts went way beyond what we expected. Since returning home we have contacted the hotel manager and expressed our great appreciation of Zach's assistance. Back to the hotel. A handy location - easy walking to downtown, waterfront, Pioneer Square. The return trip, up some of those steep streets can be tiring though. And having a Seattle's Best attached to the hotel is wonderful as well - those hot caramel apple ciders!!! Who needs Starbucks? Seattle's a lovely city and we want to return to spend longer. And our first stop will be this hotel. We would only look elsewhere if they happened to be fully booked.