The first room I got from the front desk was one facing the highway and close to the elevator but on a high floor. I requested another room and then got a very nice city view facing the downtown area within minutes. At night, I could see the city light up and, during the day, I could see as far as Safeco Field and Qwest Field. During my stay, I had a small problem with not having cold water but it was promptly fixed. I also had the chance to go for a short swim on the pool on the top floor (28) of the hotel in the morning and I was offered beautiful views of the city. If I had more time, I would go back at night too. Overall, the hotel staff were warm and welcoming. The rooms were modern and newly renovated (halls were kinda a weird pink though, but I appreciate the bold color choice); housekeeping was very attentive. She brought me bottled water every day for tea and coffee and made sure I had enough toiletries and towels every day (yay Aveda!). I think I became spoiled...:) The location was in the middle of downtown Seattle, overlooking an interstate highway. However, one can walk over the highway via an overpass and it is not loud at all. I enjoyed this hotel's location very much; it was just a few blocks from Frye Art Museum, the Underground Tour, Smith Tower, and the Columbia Tower SkyView. The concierge directed me to these attractions and they did not disappoint. Just beware that the hotel is located on a hill. It may be challenging at the end of a long sightseeing day to climb back up. Seattle is very walkable. I took the downtown free ride zone buses (Bus 12); one of their last stops is at front of the hotel. After walking to Pine St. and 5 or 6 Ave., it is possible to take a monorail at Westlake Center to Seattle Center (Space Needle, Experience Music Project). I also recommend the SkyView Observatory at Columbia Tower instead of the Space Needle. It is only $5 ($3 for students with ID) as compared to like $18 at the Needle. The view there is far more stunning and expansive, without the wires that cover the Space Needle's viewing deck. I've been to both and I can honestly say that the Space Needle is really all hype.