My spouse had a conference in the ballroom of this hotel and I tagged along to go shopping. Nebiat at the front desk was super helpful on check-in, very friendly. With elite status we had the option of free parking or breakfast vouchers. Parking is steep at $30/night so we chose that. Pets have a $100 cleaning fee so unfortunately we had to leave our pup with a friend. Our room was super clean and the view of the water was amazing! I always look forward to 'hotel pillows' but these ones were not comfy at all. One day I went shopping for over 6 hours, housekeeping didnt come while I was gone, not a big deal. I came back to have a nap and she walked in even though I had the 'do not disturb' sign up. I wasnt impressed. We were on the 23rd floor and could hear the highway traffic and ambulance sirens. We live in downtown Vancouver so it was very quiet in comparison to home. If you arent in shape I'd recommend taking a $5-$10 cab to the shopping/restaurants around. You dont realize how steep it is until you have to walk back up to the hotel. Approx 10-15 min walk to Nordstrom/Macy's/Pike Place etc.. lots to do and see. The restaurant on the top floor had a spectacular view of Puget Sound. Highly recommend it for a glass of wine, but the service was extremely slow when we went for dinner at 8pm. Food was nothing to write home about. The day we left we ate at the cafe on the 2nd floor for a buffet breakfast. Mark our server was on top of things and we could tell he enjoys his job and wants to provide top notch service. We had access to the club lounge on the 26th floor which had breakfast, coffee/tea, etc and appetizers at dinner time. The hotel employee monitoring the room was helpful with restaurant recommendations and even made a reservation for us at the Daily Grill. The server there told us the hotel had ordered us an appetizer on them. Nice touch. Upon checkout we noticed we were billed for parking. I also made 2 phone calls under 1 minute each to my spouse who was downstairs. $11 EACH! Do not use their phones under any circumstances. The clerk at the front desk removed the parking charges but he couldnt explain why the call charges were so steep. I loved this hotel but would only stay there again if I wasnt planning on doing any sight-seeing. There are other hotels closer to the downtown core with the same room rates. Its too much of a hike to go out for meals/shopping a few times per day. Maybe Im just lazy ;)