Recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. No major complaints. The set up is a little odd what with having to take an elevator to the lobby from street level but nothing to stress over. Check in was smooth. We were given a room on the 23rd floor. It was just right the right size for myself and my boyfriend. Apparently this hotel has been recently renovated. It shows. The furniture in our room was in pristine condition and the widescreen LG tv's are great. The beds and bedding are also top notch. The one complaint I would have about the room would be that the bathroom area is on the small side. It is definately a one person sized area. You have to take turns getting ready. Also something that might be and issue for light sleepers who plan on sleeping in is that the hotel walls are on the thin side. Sound travels here. We woke early on both mornings to go out and could hear housekeeping knocking on doors loud and clear. I thought they were knocking on the door of the room next to ours but when I peeked out they were at least 5 doors down. We were given access to the concierge lounge on the 28th floor. It is a converted guest room and as such is not particularly spacious. The gentleman up there serving drinks is great for any kind of questions you may have about where to dine, what to see, etc. He recommended a fantastic restaurant to us and made us reservations as well. I can honestly say it was one of my top five dining experiences ever. I did not dine in the hotel restaurant or use the fitness room so I have no comment on those areas. There is a lobby bar which is fairly spacious but I never saw more than 5 guests in there at once. Not a super busy place. One final comment I would like to throw in about this hotel is that the staff we came across were all pleasant. I find this to be one of the things I judge an experience by the most. Its kind of like going to a restaurant and having wonderful food and horrid service. The food could be the best ever and you probably wouldn't go back because the service sucked. All of the service personnel we came across were friendly and courteous. Particularily the concierge in the concierge lounge. They made our stay most pleasant. I will definately be back to this hotel