My husband had a Microsoft gathering to attend in Downtown Seattle. I searched on Trip Advisor before I chose here and I am glad I did!! The rates inside of Downtown Seattle were 2-3X as much as this place PLUS they all charged extra for parking & WiFi and so we figured hey, let's pay a little less for the Quality Inn and just walk everywhere. And that is what we did. We stayed mid-week for 3 nights. The $69 rate was very reasonable. The WI-FI and parking are free!! It looks as if there is not enough parking but there really is; they have another "secret" secure gated parking area underneath the hotel. You have to go around to Thomas Street to get to it. I felt very safe leaving my car there for 3 days. There is an elevator in the "secret" parking area that goes straight up to the hotel. Yes, the elevators are slow but they get you to where you have to go. Some people complained about the noise but I honestly didn't think it was that bad. The front part of the hotel faces a busy street but when you are inside you don't even hear it. The back part faces another hotel and is very quiet. Once in a while you can hear people walking in the hallway but that is only if they are chattering away and have big mouths. The room walls are about the same. If you are a light sleeper like me just bring earplugs and you won't hear a thing. The rooms aren't huge but they are very cozy and have a Fridge, Micro, Coffee. Some of the rooms have a view of the Space Needle. The bathrooms are very clean. The shower is hot with excellent water pressure. The beds are very comfy. I found no bugs, trash, weird odors, etc...in the room. It was very clean and tidy and housekeeping was great about keeping everything stocked for us. (I did tip them daily.) The indoor pool and spa are heated. The pool area is very clean. There are towels for you in the pool area. The only gripe I could say about the pool/spa area is the chlorine fumes but it isn't too bad. The FREE breakfast was great but the line fills up FAST so if you get down there anytime past 7, expect to wait. The good part is that everything is cooked fresh and you don't leave hungry. The breakfast crew does their best to bus tables, keep the counters clean, and serve everyone but when they are busy they can get behind on table cleaning. (It isn't their fault.) I made sure to clean up my table after I was finished so the next guy had a place to sit and eat. (I also tipped these guys daily. They worked their butts off!!) The hotel staff I encountered were very helpful from day one. They helped me find everything on the downtown maps, showed me which way to walk, which areas to avoid, etc... Hubby and I had a late night the last night we were in town and so I asked for a late check out and they let me stay until 2 PM!! ( THANK YOU GUYS!! ) Everything around the hotel you can either walk or ride the bus to. If you walk just a few blocks down it puts you into the "Free Bus Zone" and then you can just hop from bus to bus touring the city. We did this when going to Chinatown, Union Station, Pikes Market, Waterfront piers & shopping, etc... We walked to the Space Needle and caught the monorail ($2 each way) into downtown, walked around, had a nice dinner, then caught the bus back. The next day we walked to the free bus zone and took the bus down to the Ferry Piers, and went on a beautiful Ferry ride over to Bainbridge Island. If you want to see Downtown Seattle a very cheap ($7) and beautiful way, the Ferries are the way to go!! The only thing I would say to avoid is the McDonalds across from the Space Needle. There are a lot of drug addicts & homeless in the vicinity and sometimes they filter into the restaurant asking for $$. One woman strung out on something came in and started screaming and yelling and got violent with the manager for forgetting a pickle on her hamburger. Fortunately when the cops came they all scattered but it was still scary. All in all this place is a very great value for the price. Trust me I did my research! The only thing I would recommend is that if you have 2 people who use laptops is to ask for another chair for your room. Otherwise you will have to "surf" from either the bed or sit on the suitcase rack. :)