We spent 5 nights at Quality Inn & Suites and it was great. The room was clean and there was adequate space. We booked a suite that had 1 king size bed in the first room with a small kitchenette and the second bedroom had 2 double beds and a bathroom to the side. This room comes with 2 TVs. The pool was a hit with the kids and the hot tub was clean and hot. They picked us up from the Amtrak station for $15 including 7 trunks. And dropped us at the airport at the end for $30, again with 7 trunks and all our other hand luggage. In the US, it is difficult to find hotels that cater to for 5 people where the parents don't have to room with the children for any price, so, this hotel was great for us. And the price was good too. The hotel front desk staff were great, some of them even helped us figure out which buses to take to visit a few of the further flung locations we wanted to get to. And of course it is only a few blocks to Seattle Center, so one can just walk there. Breakfast was included and while it wasn't a great breakfast (we eat mostly fruit and don't like lots of wheat and starch), the breakfast was similar to that we've had in other hotels in the US. I do think that the rooms at the front of the hotel might be noisier as the hotel is on a busy street, but we had a room facing the back and looking onto the hotel next door. Not a great view, but we slept fine. So if noise will be a problem for you, ask for a room facing the back. We used the kitchenette to make sandwiches and to eat takeout foods from the grocery stores nearby. We don't usually dine out as our younger children are not adventurous eaters, so paying a small fortune to eat in an expensive restaurant where the kids don't like the food doesn't make sense to us. We didn't want to eat McDonalds all week either, so the kitchenette was very handy. It is not a fully equiped kitchen. There is a sink, stove, small fridge, microwave, coffee maker and a dishwasher, but there are limited pots and pans and only a few plates and bowls. But it was adequate for our needs as I didn't want to cook meals. The hotel was close to two very good grocery stores, one in the Pan Pacific Hotel and a QFC at the bottom Seattle Center on 5th. Both are about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The store in the Pan Pacific Hotel was more expensive, but they had a bigger selection of takeout foods that were relatively healthy. Both stores had lots of fruit and veg including organic foods. I'd stay in this hotel again if I needed to go to Seattle and wanted to stay near the Space Needle or downtown, especially if I was traveling with children or teenagers. They even have free parking.