My son and I were visiting Seattle for the PAX Convention and found the Sheraton very convenient as it's right across the street from the Washington State Trade and Convention Center in Seattle where the exhibition hall was located. We chose the "go green" option of not having housekeeping change the sheets, or towels and had no issues. If you choose this option they provide you with a $5 voucher that you can use in the shops in the hotel - we chose to use them for breakfast. My son is 6 ft 1" and for the most part he was comfortable in the double bed. We had a room with 2 double beds as the Sheraton only offers 1 king bed or double beds, no queen size beds. Our only complaint with the room, and I've read this in other reviews, was that the sheets and pillow cases were very "crispy" and if you toss and turn like I do, the bedding is a little noisey. We had an incident while staying at the hotel where when my son was in the room alone (he's 17) in the early evening, a lady (who was not known to us) was able to push open the hotel room door. My son was coming out of the washroom at the same time the lady peeked her head around the door and apologized saying she must have the wrong room. When returning to the hotel room a couple minutes later, I called guest services who took down the information and advised me that they would pass the information on to hotel security. Within a couple of minutes, the security manager called our roon to inquire about the details of the incident and came immediately up to the room and had me open and close the door from the inside at which time it was noted that the door did not fully "lock". What he assumed happened was that when I left the room earlier, the door did not fully close behind me and the lady was able to just push the door open. Security was able to "read" the door access information to confirm that access to the room was attempted with a key card but was not granted access to the room, however because the door was not "locked" the lady was able to push the door open. I was advised that maintenance would adjust the door closure in the morning after we checked out to ensure that it was closing properly. Although the incident was disconcerting and worrisome, I was pleased with the hotel security's quick response. We did not use the gym or the pool while we were there, maybe during out next stay. Although it was very busy in the hotel check-in and check-out went smoothly with not too much of a wait. I opted for the self park option at the 7th and Pike parking garage (across the street - entrance on 7th down from the Cheesecake Factory). I went out and about while my son was at the convention and when I exited the parkade the day after we arrived (we arrived Thursday) I prepaid for the full 3 nights at $30 per night. The only parking option at the hotel was $40 plus tax per night for valet. The hotel is located close to shopping, Pike Place Market, the monorail that takes you to the Space Needle and the Experience Music Project and other attractions at the Seattle Center. It's not too far a walk to the Seahawks or Mariners stadiums for football or baseball games. We'll definitely would stay here again. The PAX rate for a double room was $169 per night so it was very reasonable.