My husband and I were in Seattle for a conference (for me) and we stayed for 4 nights at this beautiful hotel. They allowed us to check in early (about 2 hours) and we went up to a great hotel room in the newer side of the hotel. The front desk even asked if we had any preference to our room and we said that we wanted a higher level. We were put on the 20th floor and our room was right by the ice machine. I am not a complainer whatsoever (I really felt bad complaining), but I had my husband run it while I was in the room and it was extremely loud. I was in sessions for the conference all day long and really needed some sleep. So, we called down to guest services and they said they can definitely change it. I told them we would come down with the old keys and request a new room. When we got down there, the bell hop/consierge who had greeted us asked us if everything was alright. We explained and he told us that we could have stayed in our room and had someone come up with a new room key. So, note to whoever needs to change rooms! We were changed to a gorgeous king room with a partial view of the water. The area that we were in was very quiet and still on the 20th floor. I would highly recommend the 20th floor - there is an entire block of elevators that goes up to only the 20th floor and beyond (since these elevators are linked to the 20th - 35th floor - and only go to these floors along with the 1st and 2nd). So, basically you are the last stop on the way down and the first on the way up. Very convenient!! The only negative I would have say (my husband reminded me of this)...although it is not only the Sheraton - the taxes on hotels there are crazy! We had a discounted rate of $185 - and it was almost $30 in taxes each night! But, that is Seattle in general...it is just an FYI for hotel reservations - expect to pay a lot in taxes (almost 16%). I guess we just didn't realize it would be that much!! But, in general this is an incredible hotel. Don't listen to the previous review about the customer service - everyone is friendly and wonderful!! I also loved the sustainability credit for not having maid service - $5 a day (except the day you check out) - my husband had lunch downstairs for free one day! Wonderful!!!!