I booked my romm through Hotwire.Com and expected to get the worst room in the entire hotel, but I was not going to complain. I get to the hotel and it is the day of the Nebraska-Washingtom football game and the hotel was the Nebraska Alumni headquarters and the entire hotel was full of Nebraska fans. When I approached the front desk, a very professional and nice young man looked up my reservation. He told me the hotel had been overbooked and would I mind instead taking a living room suite on the 32nd floor on the club level. He said the room had a living room, with a sofa bed, a dining room, kitchen and bathroom, and the hotel would bring up 2 rollaway beds with the same matress and linens used througout the hotel. I said that would be fine. While I was expecting the worst, I had outstanding accomodations. The people at the hotel were so nice and helpful. The rollaway beds were set up very quickly, and it was a great stay. I had a beautiful room and a view to match. The breakfast room on the 32nd floor (just around the corner from my room) was excellent. The people who worked in there were very helpful and nice. The selection was outstanding. I was really surprised at the selection for what was called a continental breakfast. I also ate dinner in the hotel restaurant, and it was outstanding. I usually do not like hotel restaurants, but this one was great. I had the Tuscan Brick Chicken, and it was wonderful. The waitress suggeted I try to the mixed fruit cobbler for dessert, and it was great. Don't be put off by this restaurant because it is in a hotel, because it is a really special hotel restaurant. I was prepared for a room by the elevator and ice machine, with a room with no windows. Instead I got a wonderful surprise by a caring and attentive staff. I have stayed at many hotels before, but I must say the staff at the Sheraton Hotel in Seattle were the nicest, and most helpful. Next time I am inSeattle, I am staying at the Sheraton. (I am a Hyatt Gold Passport member, but the Shearaton is nicer.)