We booked the Sheraton through Priceline and got it at a rate that was $6 more per night than the youth hostel! Needless to say, the price was right. I phoned three days in advance to confirm our room, just in case, but there were no problems with our reservation. Check-out was a bit slow (we did come down two minutes before check-out time) but if we'd had any foresight we would have just used express check-out. Check-in was seamless and we were given our choice of rooms on several floors. We chose a room on the twenty-seventh floor that ended up having nice city views. Our room was clean and comfortable, with a good hairdryer, iron, flat-screen TV, lots of cable channels and- score!- toiletries provided by Bliss. Because we were so high none of the windows opened, so we did find that the room got a little hot at night (even with the air conditioning on). We used many of the hotel facilities, including the twenty-four hour gym on the top floor, the pool and hot tub, the free internet in the lobby (wireless or with desktop stations if you didn't bring your laptop) and the fun Microsoft-powered tables with screens on the surface allowing you to zoom in anywhere on the planet (Google Earth, perhaps?). Needless to say, zoom-in table tops provided hours of fun at 2:00 in the morning after a few All-Day Happy Hours. As an aside, the older women working at the concierge desk didn't know much about "cool places to go" or "budget travel", which made the lobby internet stations that much more useful. The location of the Sheraton is great. I had been worried that we'd be in the middle of a financial district or something (as would be if you booked a downtown hotel in my hometown) but the hotel was actually surrounded by lots of shops and restaurants. Pike Place Market is only about six blocks away (downhill), the monorail station (to the Space Needle and Experience Music Project, $2) is about three blocks away, and there are great transit connections nearby (including busses within the downtown free fare zone). There are easy public transit connections to Belltown and Capitol Hill (for happy hour!), as well as connections to shopping centers further out of the city center. All in all, the location was perfect for two twenty-something girls on a city break.