My husband and I stayed at the Andra this past weekend. We got a GREAT deal- 20% off the usual price by calling to make the reservation and prepaying it (rather than reserving online, as we would usually do). I had been considering one of the "packages" offered on the hotel's website (www.hotelandra.com) but because the trip was only for 2 days, 1 night, I wasn't sure if it would be worth doing. One of the main reasons I was interested is because of the valet parking included in one of the packages, so I mentioned this to the woman taking my reservation on the phone, and she said she could give me half off velet parking. Nice! At any rate, the hotel was an old building that had been beautifully remodeled. It was very mod. Our room was gorgeous. The bathroom was small but you could tell exactly what it must have looked like "back in the day." In other words, they had kept the character of the room, and this was most evident in the bathroom, where the totally new & modern fixtures were updated versions of the fixtures that were likely there in the hotel's original heyday. (According to a friend of ours, the building used to be a "transient hotel.") I happen to love this look- sleek and modernized with the old character still intact. Our bed was very comfortable, there was a nice flat panel TV in the room, and the bathtub was huge, I am So happy I indulged in a bath before I left. The shampoo and other products were from a company called Face and they were White Tea fragrance. They smelled so good I wish I knew where to buy them. The view from our window was unfortunately pretty crappy because the building across the street was under construction. I would imagine that this will be a really cool view once it is done. But I don't spend much time looking out the window when I'm in a hotel anyway. :) The location was EXCELLENT. The hotel is located on 4th avenue- we were planning to see a show at Demetrious Jazz Alley on Saturday night for my birthday. This venue is on 6th avenue- as it turned out, we were in Easy walking distance of the show. Just a couple blocks. Perfect. We also met up with my husband's cousin Saturday afternoon at a place called Brasa- also just a few blocks away. This was a lounge that offered delicious food & drink. Great place to hang out and chat. Attached to the hotel is a retaurant called Lola. We went there for brunch when we got into town and for a cocktail after the show. The food at this place is Amazing- Greek-inspired cuisine by chef Tom Douglas. When our friends found out we were staying at the Andra, they demanded that we go to Lola, and we are damn glad we did. Also, the hotel is located across the street from the famous Dahlia Lounge, which is also a Tom Douglas restaurant. However, we did not have time to check it out. Regarding service: I had received a birthday gift of champagne, and the manager on duty (Kyle) called me to let me know. I appreciated that he called in the afternoon well after we had settled in even though he already knew about the gift when I got there. He asked when a good time would be to bring up the gift, and I said anytime. He said he would chill it first then bring it up in about 45 minutes. At precisely then, he arrived. When he got to the door, he asked if I wanted him to come in to set down the package. (Now, this may seem like an obvious question, BUT the last time we stayed somewhere, we ordered room service, and when it arrived, the guy literally just walked right in without asking! I was sitting there in my underwear, so it was really embarrassing.) Anyway, Kyle set down the package, wished me a happy birthday and was on his way. He was just a cool cat all around and a class act. In fact, I can say that Everyone we encountered at the Hotel Andra was very attentive, nice, friendly, and helpful. When we checked out on Sunday, they were pretty busy, but our car was brought promptly by the young valet, who asked us if we needed any directions. We actually did, and he provided very helpful directions for us. He was so nice and genuine that we talked about him when we got in the car and joked that it would be nice to have a son like that instead of the ones we do have. ha! I would highly recommend the Hotel Andra. As the construction around the hotel gets completed, I think this hotel is only going to become more desirable. I think we got an amazing deal, and I only wish our visit was longer- next time it will be!