My favorite type of hotel is the kind that makes you feel like you're staying in an incredible home, without any traces of those standard, cookie cutter rooms that are a dime a dozen. I prefer something that offers a distinct personality but also a calming sense of familiarity. That said, I hereby declare that the Hotel Andra in Seattle is the Tina Fey of the hospitality industry - alluring and cool and quirky and fun, all rolled into one. It's a rare find that offers exceptional design, ample space, distinct character, and stellar customer service. I came across the Andra via my secret weapon, aka my friend Steve who just happens to work for the Seattle Convention and Visitor's Bureau. With a prime location in the heart of Seattle's Belltown area and moderate price range (under $200/night), I knew we were off to a good start, and after poking around their website, the vibe and decor seemed like the right match too. I was instantly drawn in by the sleek lighting, clean lines, and tasteful color palette of muted blues, greys, and taupes, with touches of Scandanvian inspiration. The Andra was our last stop during our recent honeymoon vacation, and prior to checking in, I had just made my detour to Cupcake Royale. So as I approached the reception desk with a box of treats in hand, in lieu of the standard welcome, the person behind the counter launched into a bit about how nice it was for me to bring him cupcakes. I played right along - I love it when people loosen up and goof around like that, especially people who work in the higher end of the hospitality world, where more often than not you'll encounter some pretty stiff attitudes. The front desk staff seemed to think they were in a improv group, with me as their special guest star, so score one for the Andra. Score two was finding out upon check in that we'd been upgraded to a suite (thanks to the little Upgrade Fairy, also known as my friend Steve who had put in a call to the manager). Also, the timing couldn't have been better in terms of being granted additional space - we'd accumulated a lot of goodies over the past week, and found ourselves in a serious repacking situation, which meant needing some room to spread out. Wish granted: a corner suite with a spacious living room area that included a flatscreen TV, giant desk, and full length mirror, along with another flatscreen TV in the separate bedroom. The bathroom was also really cute and stylish, and the stash of Face Stockholm products made me a very happy girl. The Andra proved to be the perfect end to our trip - so if you're headed to Seattle, this is the place to stay.