I am generally quite cynical and jaded by the hacks that try to create the veneer of taste and creative design. I speak of the the kind of toss-off of thrift-store-potpourri or the hyper-self-consciously modern style featuring austere curved shapes of polished metal. But the work done on the Hotel Andra truly impressed me. The choices made in design were, to my eye, very intelligent and finely tuned. The first thing that stood out to me was the choice of carpeting in the halls. The usual flavor of mass produced homogenous pattern that screams volume discount above all else in most places (even luxury hotels) is abandoned for a dark purple field with modest framing lines on the margins. In addition the monotony of most hallways is broken up by a few subtle, long, thin, curved shapes along one margin. The subtlety of the lines, like modest scrollwork, that eschew the mundane and base inclination of symmetry achieves an effect that is stimulating but far from overbearing. For the weary traveler who may not have the energy to actively appreciate the other appointments this touch is quite uplifting. The rest of the build is a great succcess in reclaiming an aging building with modern design. Along the center of corridor ceilings a section of perforated brushed sheet metal reveals only to close inspection the space that holds pipes and conduit as well as overhead halogen lighting. It is a laudable design statement that refuses to simply veneer over the old with the typical staple-on finishings that are the hallmark of mass-market remodeling. The rooms blend the old building with tasteful understated elegance of modern furnishings. The bedding is lush and generous in pillows and blanketing. The bathroom was nicely reclaimed from the buildingd previous exixtence with modern fixtures that emulated the old, like a new pedestal basin. This choice leaves only a shelf along walll over the sink and a pedestal side stand for personal effects which might create a space shortage for travelers with a lot of personal hygiene and cosmetics. The old floor that was the familiar 1 inch hexagonal tiles was reclaimed by sanding down the old surface. This effect was obviously efficacious but, not my favorite technique. The random fade of the original borders of the hexagons seemed too haphazard. I would have looked for some other treatment in addition to liven up the old floor but this is a minor criticism. The overall effect inspires me to say "Kudos". It is nice to see something in design that really makes me want to praise the work.