This is a regular place I frequent while in Seattle. It is right on the water and located in the Belltown area of Seattle. Belltown is a great place to get super food and super night life The Edgewater has great comfy rooms but you'll need to know what you're in for. For starters, this is a high end boutique hotel so be prepared to pay higher rates than a standard hotel. If you don't like spending money, you should look elsewhere. It is a fabulous place regardless. They have mandatory valet, so if you don't want to pay for that, you need to park on the nearby surface streets or garage. If you can get a waterside room, do it; the city side is noisier. The waterside is much more impressive anyway. The food at 67 (the hotel restaurant/bar) is super and the Sunday brunch is fantastic. The nightlife at the bar is pretty good with live entertainment as a normal fare on weekends. This hotel is often booked with weddings on every weekend so you get a good idea of what type of place this is. If it's good enough to get married in, it's good enough for you! Because it's built on a pier, there is no pool. For those looking for a pool, you probably aren't staying in a boutique hotel. Wi-fi isn't free either (a small gripe of mine). In the old days, you'd get Starbucks coffee in the lobby, but they got rid of that service and placed coffee makers in each room. I'd rather have my coffee ready to go so I can have it downstairs. There's a Starbucks in the gift shop for those that want it made for you. Since this is a boutique hotel, the rooms aren't made for 2 queen beds (another thing you might need to know). 2 bed rooms are configured with doubles. The staff is superb, from the Valet, to Front Desk, to Wait Staff and Maid Service. Everybody is top notch and provides a great service. Location is great. Althought there's not a big selection of kids activities IN the hotel, you can walk to the Aquarium, Pike Place Market, Ivars Pier, catch a cruise ship, walk up the hill to all the great food and bars, etc. Overall, this place is one of best places on earth.