After reviewing several downtown Seattle hotels, my friend and I settled on the Edgewater. The idea of being on the water was very alluring, and the location looked (at least on the Google map) to be within easy reach of the primary downtown attractions. That is what we wanted  the main goal with this trip was a good overview of the city of Seattle. The outlying areas are on the next trips list. The Edgewater looked like a good base camp for that. Due to a late flight arrival, we didnt get to the hotel until about 11:30 p.m. Despite the hour, both the valet parking and front desk personnel were cordial and efficient. We were checked in quickly, which was great after a long day of travel. We were situated on the first floor in room 108, and I was adamant about being on the water side of the hotel after reading the issues others have had with the railroad noise on the city side. I obviously cant speak for the city side rooms, but I can tell you that we did not have any noise problems in our room despite being on the "railroad end" of the building. The rooms heating/air conditioning system was slightly noisy, but to me that was welcome. I need some background white noise to get to sleep. The other unexpected benefit of that room was having a cruise ship docking area directly outside the window (see photo). Kind of a funny thing when we opened the curtains the first morning there  what a surprise to have an ocean liner right outside. We were there 3 full days, and each day the ship would depart at 4 p.m., only to be quietly replaced by another cruise ship overnight. A cool side show. The hotel restaurant (The Six-Seven) is great for breakfast  we went there each day. Starting the day looking out on the water feels just right (just get a table instead of a booth  the booths seats are uncomfortable.) The hotels location was every bit as good as we had hoped  most of our rental car expense was unnecessary. You can walk to a long list of attractions. From the Edgewater, we hit the following on foot:  Seattle Art Museum - Not bad, but dont put it on your must see list  Olympic Sculpture Park  Very close and worth a look  Space Needle  WAY cool with an unbelievable panoramic Metro view  Smith Tower  Another great view from an older building near Pioneer Square  Pikes Place Market  Touristy, but what would you expect? Worth a look  Underground Tour  Overrated, like paying to tour someones filthy basement  REI  I was all geeked about seeing this, as I thought it was REIs biggest location. Turns out the Denver facility is bigger  Argosy Cruise  We did the one hour tour around the bay without an island stop  excellent! Our Edgewater room was clean and well maintained with comfortable beds. If I were to quibble about anything, it would be minor items. For example, if you are located at the far end of the building as we were, the hall to get to your room from the lobby/front desk/restaurant is kind of a hike, and the narrow hall was sometimes crowded with cleaning carts. Reminded me somewhat of the hike to your room at the Vegas resorts. Also, the room taxes in the State of Washington are really a piece of work  our statement showed both a room tax of 15.6% and also a daily sales tax. These 2 taxes came to over 20% of the room price on some of the days  in a word, DOH! Clearly not the Edgewaters fault, but be prepared. They stick it to the tourists in Washington State. In addition, the cleaning people consistently placed the Edgewater Teddy Bear on my travel partners bed after cleaning the room instead of mine. This was an obvious injustice, and very insulting. Just kidding, of course. None of these issues amounted to anything substantial. On the whole, the Edgewater hotel is a beautiful thing, the kind of a thing that makes you want to come back, a happening thing of which I have multiple positive post-visit mental images. Why would you consider any other thing? GET ON THE WATER, STAY AT THE EDGEWATER, AND DO YOUR SEATTLE THING.