We were very impressed by the service that we received first of all. We were traveling with a soon to be 2 yr old, as you imagine that wasn't the easiest. The staffs were more then welcoming and accommodating, they went extra and beyond to make sure that we had a pleasant stay, which we did! Although we booked out room through priceline.com, they did not give us the dirty look and suggested us an upgrade. It was well worth the money to upgrade to the premium room with the ocean view. It was absolutely beautiful! They even double checked the schedule for us to make sure that we were ok with the noise from the event, and gave us option to another room (which the noise didnt bother us nor the baby). The hotel and rooms were nicely decorated. I understand rustic chic is not for everyone, but with 2 designers in the room, I can only say that we were impressed. You simply cannot beat the location, the view and the quality. It was a short 15 mins stroll along the water to Pike Place and Space Needle (with a stroller). They even offer courtesy shuttle to any downtown area. We did take advantage of it for a few times, because going downtown meant uphill to us. Then we simply strolled down the hill when we were done with our shopping and lunch. Parking was pricey at the hotel, but it was not hard to find off street parking to us at all. We were able to find off street parking right outside the hotel after 6pm for both nights that we have a rental. Though we wish the internet was free, because we needed that to plan the next day, we were very surprised by the amazing value and quality of their happy hour menu and in room service menu as well. With a gorgeous ocean view, what better to rest our feet with some local mussels, fish and chips and a beer. At our last morning, we just simply ordered some b'fast, and enjoyed in our room before we head out to the airport. Thank you Edgewater! We are not hesitate to recommend you to our friends and families. And we hope to see you real soon.