This reservation was a $79/night Priceline win, which I increased from 2 nights to 3 after realizing we needed more time in Seattle. I quickly emailed reservations requesting a full water view room with double beds for my daughter and myself. An employee who I found out is now an ex-employee corresponded with me but never did respond to my request for a specific room. Unfortunately, the first night they did not have the double room I requested, so we had to settle for a king on the 2nd floor (246 I believe, which had a slight view of the pier next door). It was a small room with a good-sized bathroom. Because of the reservation mix-up, I requested some sort of comp and received 3 days of free Internet, rather than having to pay $25. This was satisfactory. Still, I had to pay an additional $60/night plus tax in order to have a full water view room, which sounds steep, but I really enjoyed the views so thought the expense worth it. We stayed in room 360 for 2 nights, which had a bit larger living space but much smaller bathroom. They need more hooks to hang towels in the bathrooms. The tile on the walls in the shower is great, but not so great on the floor. The rooms were clean, and we used the fireplace the first night a few minutes at a time, which heated up the room quickly. Never did try the fireplace on the third floor, as the weather warmed up. After hours of walking one day, I ended up back in the room, glass of wine in hand, feet up on the bear footrest, gazing out at the glistening water watching boats, ferries, and gulls. It was great! Ive read reviews that the walls are thin but I have no complaints. Yes, I heard showers in the mornings and the cleaning staff in the halls. However, we slept very well. All employees were friendly, and the reservation staff tried their best to accommodate us when looking for a suitable room. We ate at the Six-Seven Restaurant one night and used room service another evening. Expensive but very tasty food. OK, we splurged.it was Mothers Day weekend after all! One other thing, be sure to carefully check your bill. I questioned a $79 fee that was shown for two nights  this turned out to be the Priceline fee which I had already paid. I would return, but only using Pricelines Name Your Own Price, as the rack rate is way out of our price range.