If you look just at its rock n' roll history, the Edgewater Hotel is sure to intrigue. The hotel has hosted both Led Zeppelin and the Beatles - both of whom are rumoured by legend to have gone fishing off their suite patios. When you arrive, you'll see just how possible this actually could be! We stayed on the fourth floor - the only floor that has patio suites. Having an oceanview room is ideal - not just for the beautiful view but to avoid the other side of the hotel which runs alongside the railroads tracks, which of course could be a little loud. The rooms are beautiful with a cozy, cabin feel. Rooms come with a fire place and a teddy bear - perfect for those rainy West Coast nights. The wimsical, rustic feel of the hotel lobby makes it great for kids and parents alike - you may also be pleasently surprised to find your four-legged friends are welcome as well. During our stay we chatted with a woman in the lobby who was staying with her Golden Retriever. She said that not only does the hotel allow dogs, you can have them anywhere in the hotel outside of restaurants and mentioned that she was thrilled with their pro-pet policy. During our stay, the hotel was the back-drop to both a wedding and a Christmas party - both of which I believe were hosted in the 4th floor banquet hall. The Edgewater hotel would make a beautiful venue for either event and honestly made me rethink the destination of my own upcoming wedding! The purpose of our trip was to see an NFL game at Qwest Field - seeing as how we're Canadian, it was our first time. If you too are going to a Seahawks game, make sure you give yourself enough time to experience Pioneer Square before the game. The Seahawks drumline 'Blue Thunder' is known to wander from bar to bar to pump up the pre-game crowd. But if you do intend to have a pint before the game, make sure you arrive well before kick-off. By 11:30am, FX McRory's already had a line-up almost out the door. The Edgewater Hotel is close enough to the stadium that you can walk to and from the game - but if you're looking for peace and quiet away from the football mob, the Edgewater is far enough down Alaskan Way that you'll be spared from the noise. The Edgewater is also just a short 5 minute walk to Seattle's famous Pike Place Market, the Seattle Aquarium, and a large selection of shops and restaurants. Whether you're looking to check out a sports game and enjoy Seattle's nightlife or whether you want to just relax by the water, the Edgewater Hotel is the perfect spot to take in a beautiful city.