My apologies for not writing this sooner! My husband and I had a wonderful stay at this hotel last spring for our anniversary and wanted to be sure to tell you what an amazing time we had. My husband planned the entire thing without my knowledge so thank you the staff for helping him make it perfect for both of us! The hotel property itself is stunning and welcomes you immediately. We booked the "shaken and stirred" package which included a full breakfast in the Hunt Club restaurant (on-site) and in-room martinis. We highly recommend this package if it's still available. All I can say is WOW! Everything about our stay went perfectly from the valet greeting us all the way through our check-out and even included a call to our room a few minutes after arrival to ensure everything was perfect. They clearly understand what customer service means and they made us feel like nothing would be a problem if we asked. MARTINIS: We didn't know what to expect in the way of martini fixings in the room but we were pleasantly surprised. They supplied everything you need to make the martinis: martini glasses, lemon, zester, olives, toothpicks, shaker, ice and a nice bottle of SKY Vodka (enough for 2 drinks each). They also included a nice note to wish us a happy anniversary (nice touch). ROOM SVC: We really enjoyed our in room dining. The food was amazing and arrived sooner than expected since the hotel/restaurant were extremely busy that night. THE ROOM: The bed and linens were luxurious! You won't be ready to leave them in the morning...I promise :)! The bathroom was a little small - wished they would have had a soaking tub at least. We were in a standard room so they might have them in the suites...maybe next time :). We did not ask for an upgrade but somehow I think they would have done it if they had the availability at the time. BREAKFAST: The food in the Hunt Club was delicious and plentiful. My husband had the french toast (which could feed 3 people) and I had the quiche which also could feed 2-3 people. Our waitress was very helpful and very attentive (although not overly so). We have no hesitation about recommending this place for anyone who needs a little time away at an affordable price. You'll feel like you must have spent a fortune here when you leave because of the beauty of the property and the atmosphere you're in. However, you'll feel anything but poor when you leave this luxury hotel...truly refreshing! The service at this hotel once again gave me reason to believe that there are a few great hotels still out there that believe that "hospitality" really does mean being hospitable and accommodating to your guests. We never felt like an inconvenience to anyone and our money wasn't your first concern. Well done! It's been a difficult year for us (and lots of other folks) financially but if we can afford it we'll be back to celebrate again in February (maybe a suite this time). Thanks again for an amazing experience!