The Sorrento Hotel in Seattle is a lovely 100 year old hotel. My requested for early check-in was honored and I found Trevor the desk clerk to be extremely accommodating offering two rooms for us to actually view. Our room classification was a Jr. Suite and we choose room 600, a corner room, well appointed and comfortable. I greatly appreciate Trevor providing room options and allowed us to actually look at the rooms. Really, how often does that happen when you check in? Almost never in my experience. This is something that hotels use to do years ago, and I personally appreciate it. Bathroom space is often a valid concern with older hotels, I did not find that to be the case with this room; however I will note hot water was a bit of an issue only in the evening. It took about five to seven minutes before the bath water got hot, but once you are aware of this you can easily adjust. I appreciate the bathroom having a night light and the rooms providing comfortable robes, which always saves valuable luggage space. There is coffee and tea in the room with a French Press. After reading the instructions and two failed attempts of preparing coffee I requested a standard type of pour through coffee maker for the room which was immediately delivered. The hotel has a complementary car to bring you, and pick you up upon availability and request. We used this service three times during our stay. Our driver the first day was Lance, who was very friendly. All of our drivers were courteous and friendly. I met with Alex the hotel Concierge the first day and he took the time to sit down with me and review various tour options and places of interest. Alex was very helpful, and I truly appreciated the time he spent with me. We only had one meal at the hotel in the Hunt Club. Dining reviews are very subjective. With that said, I am sorry to say that I would not recommend the Hunt Club. I did not find my meal or my husbands to be what I would consider to be good, let alone outstanding. I would rate them as alright. The wait staff was excellent and attentive. The location of the hotel is in an area called Pill Hill you are up a very steep hill from the waterfront. You can walk to Pikes Market and downtown, utilize the hotel car or take a city bus, which is actually almost outside the hotel front door. We had absolutely no problem navigating Seattle from the Sorrento Hotel. There are some neighborhood dining options by the Sorrento. The Corner Caf directly across the street, a bakery a few doors down from there. Across the street and down about two blocks towards the bay is Georges Sausage & Delicatessen  this place is only open until 5:00 but I made sure we stopped the day we were flying home and purchased two wonderful deli sandwiches that were absolutely great, and extremely reasonably priced, this is worth the short walk. About two doors down from there the 1st Hill Bar & Grill is located, we had dinner and breakfast, both meals very good. This is a neighborhood restaurant; George the original owner is friendly, walks around and visits with customers. One evening we dined at the Metropolitan Grill, which is about 6 blocks from the hotel, we had an excellent meal. I only mention these dining options because I personally find it helpful when reading reviews of what fellow travelers have experienced in the area. Also, if you are down at Pikes Market, there are many options for fresh fruit, bakery items, wine, wonderful things to bring back to your room. Probably the only real disappointment I found with the Sorrento was my request to print our Southwest Boarding passes. Anyone who flies Southwest knows the game, bring up the site, enter your information, minimize your screen and click as absolute close to the departure time as possible. Unfortunately I received the standard excuse, they were busy and detained and I got B-28-29 passes which afforded me the very last aisle seat in the very last row of the plane. I am more than aware this can happen and took the chance this task would be a priority, it was not. I just want to be sure you are aware of this and if it is important to you, I strongly suggest you make other arrangements than having the hotel do this for you. I want to thank the staff at the Sorrento, everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. I specifically selected this hotel based on the comments posted on Trip Advisor. I also always book my reservations directly through the hotel. I would highly recommend the Sorrento to anyone considering it and I would definitely stay again. The staff at the Sorrento was absolutely, hands down outstanding and attentive.