Chose to stay at the Sorrento after seeing some mediocre reviews of the Olympic and was very pleasantly surprised . Had a fantastic time at the hotel & was really wowed by the service. Everyone from the bellman on was gracious, friendly & helpful. I was greeted by name everytime I walked through the lobby, my car was waiting for me when I needed it & people couldn't have been genuinely nicer. The service is akin to that of a white glove building in NYC. The town car service is fabulous. It was a great treat of not having to worry about navigating through a different city or finding parking (or driving after having a drink). I just left the rental car with the valet & used the car service throughout the stay. One note: the London taxi is a quite charming conversation piece, but the LIncoln town car is actually a much more comfortable ride. The concierge emailed me before my arrival & responded the same day to my query (including web links & schedules). During the stay, he spent a lot of time helping me create interesting tour itineraries. Did not eat the restaurant, but had a very pleasant experience at the bar. Another nice touch is having the NY Times available daily. The gym was being renovated, but used the pool/health club down the street for $10. The one downside is that the rooms are not particularly wonderful. They're quite dated/tired & not the same level of quality that you would find in a Four Seasons, Fairmont, W or even the Hyatt in Seattle. Bathroom is on the small side & not done especially well (though it's a pretty typical NYC bathroom). The glass shelves were tilting off the wall & the robe hooks were missing (just bare installation plates). Also, the location isn't right in the smack of downtown, but it's mitigated by the car service & Seattle is not a big city, so it's not a huge hike if yuo decide to walk. That being said, I would highly recommend the Sorrento for people who appreciate good service and wiling to trade a iittle bit of chain uniformity for charm & sometimes quirkiness.