My Wife and I stayed at the Westin in Seattle for 6 nights as part of a two week trip around the Pacific Northwest. We arrived on the Saturday of Memorial Weekend and paid $119 + tax booked indirect with a UK provider. This was $60+ tax cheaper than the best rate available direct from the Westin website. Whilst appreciating the great price for a Downtown property in Seattle we were rather concerned by the negative reviews that seemed to be consistently posted by Tripadvisor users, but as it turned out a number of these were one review contributors and I did start to believe that there was some kind of vendetta against the Westin. Whether this is true or not, I dont know, but it did leave us feeling rather uneasy before travelling to Seattle. We didnt need to worry at all. We arrived from the airport using the Light Rail, which takes about 35mins to the Westlake Center and is $2.50 per person. It is a 2 minute walk from here to the Westin entrance. First impressions were excellent. The hotel does have a lovely lobby area which is huge, with a number of seating areas along with a bar, and a breakfast/lunch caf at one end. The reception desk was well staffed and we were able to check in immediately. We were greeted by a lovely young lady who seemed as happy to see us as we were to see her and she kindly provided us with a King Bed Space Needle view on the 20th floor of the North Tower. Our first experience with the notorious Westin elevators was put to the test and passed with flying colours. It was seconds before we were up on the 20th floor. The public areas on the 20th floor are very well maintained and certainly up to a 4* level. Upon entering the room we were blown away. There was a small reception area leading to the bathroom and a mirrored wardrobe directly in front of us. To the right was a small walk through to the main bedroom and a glorious Heavenly King Bed, a sofa, chair and desk and a rounded window which had one of the best views I have ever seen in any hotel throughout the world. It really was a stunning room, the bed was perhaps the best I have ever experienced and most importantly it was spotless, with no sign of the wear and tear mentioned in other reviews. The bathroom was also spotless and a nice size. The much talked about Heavenly Shower was outstanding, again one of the best I have ever experienced and a nice vanity area with plenty of towels included as well. To top the room as a whole off, there were his and her robes, an ironing board/iron and an easy to use safe. What more could you want? It really was a 10/10 room. A really big issue at the Westin seems to be the wait for the elevators. There was on occasions a sign up saying that due to the number of people staying at the hotel there may be a wait, but I would say we had to wait a minute most each time and this was over Memorial Weekend and also with a few large conferences taking place. It really isnt as much of a deal as some previous reviewers have made out. We didnt dine in the Cornerstone Caf in the Westin as there are so many great restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. We did however have breakfast a couple of times in the 5th Avenue Caf and we found this to be good value. There was a special available each morning of a pastry and coffee for $3.00 which was a great deal, and the service was always spot on as well. We didnt experience the lack of seats/tables like some have on here but if the room was full, I would expect people to utilise the seats in the lobby. It really isnt such a big deal. Another huge plus point for the hotel is the pool area and hot tub. My Wife enjoyed heading down to the 5th floor for this on a daily basis and her experience was very positive. As for location, well I doubt it can be beaten in Seattle, minutes from the best shopping and attractions in the Seattle, all within an easy walk. I did laugh earlier when I read a review stating that Pike Place and the Waterfront were a bit of a trek from the Westin, it really isnt very far at all. 5 minutes on foot to Pike Place and then just a short walk down (easier than up) to the Waterfront. It is quite hilly, but that is Seattle. For easier access to the Waterfront, I would recommend the 99 bus which is free and goes up 1st and around via the Waterfront. Seattle Center was easily reachable via the Monorail (station 2 minutes walk from the hotel) and a 90 second train journey but you could easily walk there as well. The area seemed very safe at day and night with plenty of people about. There was also a station for the Lake Union Streetcar directly across from the hotel which was another transportation option available. Overall, this is a great hotel in a fantastic location. I would definitely take some of the reviews which have heavily criticised the hotel with a pinch of salt. This is easily a 4* property. As for Seattle, what a wonderful city and we both cant wait to return again in the future. Highly recommended all round.