We have used this hotel twice, in 2010 and 2011, for a brief visit to Rome and an overnight transit. You have to put aside expectations about 'hotel'. Domus Ester has a small office/reception on a higher floor of an ancient building in the old centre of Rome. Rooms are small, price is very small, comfort is very good for the money, style of the rooms very very good, consistent with the local environment, exposed beams maybe 4-500 years old. And you get to experience what is conventional with Italian apartments, a bathroom in which a cat would have difficulty turning around. This is Rome, if you want Dallas, go to Dallas. Step outside with a map (very helpful, cheerful reception staff, but be conscious they are also running to service rooms, not hanging about waiting for you) and the centre of the western world is at your feet, and reachable on foot easily. DON'T pay for the tourist bus, go to a newstand on the street and buy a daily or weekly or monthly metro pass. Weekly costs ?Euros16, monthly Euros 30. Fantastic way to live the life of the city, buses and underground. Shop or eat near the major city tourist attractions and expect the major city tourist quality and price. Take the tram (ask at desk, walk 200 metres) to Trastevere, especially for restaurants or Saturday mornings for the Porta Portese market (where you can buy a new suitcase for the market loot also! :-) Find a stop for the magic 116 bus (see last entry at my http://duemesi.blogspot.com ) and be taken on a wonder journey through the city to the Villa Borghese. You must book ahead for the Borghese Gallery (giving you crowd control for a couple of hours access to what we think is the best gallery in Rome, in an historic park where locals relax at weekend). But be conscious that every corner where you walk, near Domus Ester, is history. It sits on the Field of Mars, where generals returned from war camped with their armies awaiting Senate approval to enter the city for their 'triumph'. 'No Littering' signs on the corner from the 1700s. Walk west towards the Capital (Campidoglio) and the Forum and Coliseum and, especially in the historical Jewish quarter, marvel at how builders have included bits of older buildings, up to 2000 years old, in subsequent multiple rebuilds. Don't just run between designated tourist sites. Look at every building, every cobblestone... around here every historical figure of Roman history has walked and breathed Every church nearby has its distinct visceral character (and free amazing art exhibitions). Incomparable value unless you want overdressed and supercilious creepy attendants to bow at you with their hands out. See my blog entries for Rome at http://unmese.blogspot.com.au/search/label/Rome and http://duemesi.blogspot.com.au/search/label/Rome