My husband and I stayed in this hotel from July 28th-30th and loved it! The rooms were spotlessly clean, and thank god, had air condioning in it. The bed was fantastic and I LOVED the feather pillows!!! There was also a lovely small porch overlooking the pool and parking lot, but we didn't bother going on it since it was 103 degrees outside. The staff were extremely nice and very helpful. Although we were not offered by them to be driven to the Mariners game, they did explain how to get there via bus. The pool was very nice and sunny and felt great on those hot days. The breakfast was good as well, there just aren't a lot of tables available to eat at so we had to eat with the trays on our laps on the couch. It also does get a little warm in the lobby with everyone making waffles. The complementary interenet with free printing was a dream come true!! It was frequently in use, but all the guests I saw didn't abuse the services by staying on for too long. We also used the shuttle one time on our way to Pike Place market. Make sure you make reservations as soon as possible! We reserved a 10am shuttle by 3pm the day before and had no problems, but I overheard another guest trying to get the shuttle for that same time the day of, and it was already full. Unfortunately, we didn't get to ride the shuttle back at the end of the day because there was an hour wait for pick up because we didn't make reservations ahead of time. One of the main public bus lines that ran to the university area was only around four blocks away from the hotel on University Ave which was great. The bus system was really easy to use, and at $2.00 (or less) per person, it was a cheap way to get around town. Just so you know, the bus does not give change and lines 71, 72, and 73 will get you from the university area to downtown and also to the Mariners game (although there is some walking to do after getting off the bus). These buses ran very frequently and I heard there are some routes going to downtown stops for free, we just didn't run into any of those. There were also tons of restaurants on University Ave as well. Everything from Thai food, Chipotle, burgers, Indian, seafood, and Mexican can be found, along with a Starbucks of course!! A lot of them are open until 11pm which keeps the area lit up and busy late at night. If you walk down to the water via University Ave you will also find a kayaking rental shop if you are interested in getting some exercise. We did park a rental car in the lot and it survived with no scratches. We rented from Budget on Roosevelt Ave which was great. It is around a mile away from the hotel so your could easily walk. I think we also passed an Enterprise on our way there as well. It is not the greatest looking neighborhood, but it wasn't horrible, just old and run down. You could save a ton of money buy picking up the car at this lot and dropping it off at the airport before you fly out. We used Express Shuttle from the airport to the hotel because the hotel staff recommended it as the cheapest way to travel. It cost $38 for 2 people plus gratuity. You can make reservations on line or just find the kiosk in the SeaTac parking lot on the 3rd floor and make a walk up reservation. We were the first stop in our shared van shuttle which was really nice. The only downside was that we were waiting for almost an hour before leaving, even though the company claims you'll be in transit w/in 25 min. All in all, I loved the area that the hotel was in, it is quiet and has a really nice college feel to it. I would gladly stay here again anytime!!!