I stayed in a King Premier Room at Hotel Vintage Park for six nights in July 2010. My room was immaculate on arrival and was kept to a high standard of cleanliness by the housekeepers throughout my stay. It was large, light and airy with a comfortable sitting area which included a sofa, armchair and coffee table. There was a large closet with plenty of space to hang clothes and store luggage. The en-suite bathroom was spacious with complimentary toiletries. The furnishings in both my room and the communal areas were elegant with a stylish, rich colour scheme. My room was ideal for a peaceful nights sleep  the bed was extremely comfortable and there was virtually no noise from the other guests or the busy street below. During check-in, I was told by the receptionist that, due to the high number of bookings for that night, my request for a room on a high floor was unable to be granted. He went on to say that I had been allocated a room on a low floor which was immediately above the restaurant which meant I might hear some noise. However, he told me that, if I did experience such a problem, I should report it to reception immediately and they would do their best to find an alternative room for me. Thankfully, it was not problematic: whenever I was in the bathroom during the evening I could hear diners chatting, but as soon as I returned to the sleeping and sitting areas, and closed the bathroom door, there was complete silence. There was a well-stocked minibar in my room which contained a wide selection of alcoholic and soft drinks, and snacks. The refrigerator came in handy to keep my own refreshments cool during the warm weather. In addition, complimentary homemade lemonade was available in the lounge during the afternoon which was very refreshing after sightseeing in the summer sunshine. The hotel is located in downtown Seattle and, as the city centre is so easy to get around on foot, it is ideally situated with plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. Because I was sightseeing for most of the time, I only ate three times in the hotel. I had a tasty breakfast of bacon, poached eggs, fried potatoes, strawberries, toast and freshly squeezed orange juice delivered to my room on my first morning which perked me up whilst suffering from jetlag! I also enjoyed two evening meals of roast chicken with lemon risotto in Tulio, and a pork shank with mashed potatoes via room service  both were delicious! I found all members of staff who I dealt with (bellhop, receptionists, housekeepers and dining staff) to be friendly, polite and helpful. The best things about the hotel were its class and charm, and the worst thing? Fortunately, I can't think of one!