Great stay. I surprised my wife with a birthday trip to Seattle. The first hotel I checked out was the Hotel Monaco. We stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Portland for our wedding this past October and we really liked the hotel and staff. However, after finding the prices in Seattle a bit high, I came across the Hotel Vintage Park, owned by the same parent company as the Monaco, Kimpton Hotels. I found the Vintage Parks' Specials and Packages page on their website and listed there was their Ride the Rails package which was perfect since I had planned a train trip from Portland. Due to the special occasion I reserved the King Premier room for the two nights. Shortly after I received my email confirmation I received another email with an offer, an eStandby Request for a Corner King Premier room for just nine dollars more per night. I signed up for the eStandby and the day of our trip I confirmed we would have the corner room. What a great deal it was. The room was beautiful and the views of the surrounding area were great. Some things worth mentioning: They have a daily evening wine tasting event from 5:00  6:00. If you arrive after 6:00 you can receive coupons for the wine served that day that are good in the restaurant. We took advantage of that and had the wine with dinner. The restaurant, Tulio, is a nice, smaller restaurant in the hotel. They have good food, and it was nice having it just downstairs. Check out TripAdvisor for the many good restaurants nearby the hotel. Most will require a reservation on popular evenings. The hotel has wireless access that requires an account or payment. The staff member we spoke with failed to tell us that the wireless is free if you sign up with your email to become a Kimpton InTouch member. Pike Place Market is an easy eight block walk from the hotel. On Saturday morning we took a great Savor Seattle Food Tour of the Market. (http://www.savorseattletours.com) The 5th Avenue Theater is just two blocks from the hotel. It is a great restored theater with a beautiful marquee out front. The sound in the theater is good even in the cheap upper balcony seats but it's hard to see the actors faces. It made for a nice evening out with a short walk home. Being a downtown hotel, earplugs may help some have a better night's sleep. We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and helpful. The hotel has a noon check out. We extended it to 1:00 with no problem which allowed us to leave from the hotel directly to the train station. If you do extend you checkout, you will need to have your room card updated to get back into the room after noon.