My girlfriend and I had a very enjoyable and luxurious experience at the Hotel Vintage Park, Seattle. We stayed there for 5 nights in total and I was so glad that I choose this hotel rather than staying at the Sheraton or Hywatt. Location wise, everything is walking distance and is so near to the local attractions. Walking to pike street literally took 5 minutes and had great transportation links. We came in from Sea-tac and took the light rail to university street. It only cost $2.50 compared to a 50 dollar taxi journey which is better value. There is a slight up hill walk but nothing worth worrying about from the station. The hotel itself has character and doesn't look like your normal corporate hotel. The colours are warm and inviting. We were greeted by smiley John who welcomed us and immediately said that we were upgraded to a king room which was a sweet gesture. After flying over 18 hours from London, there is nothing better than having such a big sized room as a base and a place to relax. We stayed on the 11th floor in the corner,very quiet and super clean. The room itself has the usuals, massive bed (much bigger than your standard european bed), big flatscreen telly,couches,arm chairs and a study table. Bathroom was a standard size, clean and at a suitable standard. As it was a corner room, the views were nice, we could see Mt Rainer in the distance and also the cool library which is a unique building. The hotel comes with free wifi for those who need internet, you will need to sign up but its free! Plus many Seattle coffee shops have many free wifi so if you are on the move its helpful. I used googlemaps to find where bus stops were and what buses to take to get. They have a turn down service during the day which is a nice touch, the person cleaning our room did a great job and always put chocolates on our pillows. There are a lot of nice restaurants about and so much choice. I found Seattle to be very relaxing and over the time while we were there, it rained only once and was sunny. The weather itself wasn't even that cold, London in January/February was colder than Seattle this year. On a side note, the hotel give free newspapers, doormen that open doors for you,coffee in the morning and there is parking free. I sent a package to the hotel and arrived in good time, if you are thinking of doing that, it takes about a week, so plan early. Thanks Hotel Vintage Park for providing a great service and romantic experience to my girlfriend and I. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend anyone that stays in Seattle to stay here.