Let me preface this review by saying that I adore the Kimpton hotel chain--every hotel is different, but you know you can depend on each for excellent, friendly service, style and comfort. Most of the Kimptons are vintage hotels, as is this one, and all feature complimentary wine receptions from 5 to 6 each evening--my favorite perk! Usually these receptions offer additional free treats besides the wine; the first night they had tuna hors d'oeuvres, and the second night they were offering chair massages. In celebration of summer, they also had white wine sangria on both nights of our stay--dee-licious! Another nice touch was the free walking map the registration staff gave us when we checked in. Our room was very small (from what I could tell, almost all of them are) but comfortable. The bathroom was much larger than those I've encountered in vintage hotels, and that makes a big difference (room to spread out your toiletries on the counter, and no tripping over your traveling companion when you are getting ready to go out!) and like all Kimptons, each room is stocked with Aveda moisturizer, shampoo and conditioner. The bed was extremely comfortable as well. I don't think any of the rooms would offer a spectacular view (ours overlooked the playlot at the adjacent YWCA) so if you are looking for that you might want to look elsewhere. The room does not include a coffee maker, but in the morning there is free coffee and tea in the lobby. There is a tiny (hot, unventilated) business center on the second floor with pay internet access if you are (like me) a luddite who refuses to drag a laptop and/or blackberry on vacation, but there is free wi-fi if you do have your equipment with you. As other reviews have mentioned, the hotel is ideally situated for getting around downtown without a car. We easily walked to the piers, shopping districts, art museum, and the Pike Place market, and if you are going to the Space Needle or Seattle Center, the monorail terminal is just a five minute walk down Fifth Avenue. Pioneer Square might be a bit of a hike, but buses in the downtown area are free. If you do want to bring a car to do additional exploring, I urge you to use the Olympic Parking garage on Fifth Ave. across the street from the hotel. You'll save about $10 a night off the valet parking the hotel offers, and you won't have to wait for your car. We didn't eat in the hotel's restaurant, but it looked nice. I would definitely recommend Specialtys Cafe at Fifth and Union for breakfast (it's a chain, but they are so friendly it feels local) and Lowell's at Pike Place Market for dinner. The YWCA next door has a delicatessen that also offers Thai food, and they had a sign advertising massages for both men and women--might have to check that out as a budget option on my next trip. All in all, another memorable Kimpton Hotel experience! If you love vintage hotels, the Hotel Vintage Park is the place for you.