I stayed at the Vintage Park for 2 nights either side of a Microsoft conference in Bellevue, (which was too far to commute during the conference) and I have to say that both stays at the VP were absolutely faultless. I am particularly fussy about noise from AC, elevators ice machines etc and I asked to see the room before I booked. The first room I was shown was fine apart from a slight humming noise from the fridge which could have been resolved however I asked to be shown another room 806 which was much nicer with a sofa, large screen LCD TV etc they offered it as a free upgrade from the original room so I booked it via Expedia from reception. All of the staff at the Vintage Park were friendly and helpful in particular the concierge Anthony helped with site seeing and a restaurant recommendation the Oceanaire. My intention was always to try out three hotels on this my first visit to Seattle so I would know where to stay on my next visit. As it turned out I stayed at the Vintage Park again at the end of the week as I was so pleased with the room, the feel of the place and with the friendly service I received. Breakfast in Tulio was fine if a little pricy however nowhere near the rip off at the Westin Bellevue. The restaurant also seemed popular in the evenings and looked to have a nice atmosphere with candles etc. The evening wine reception in the evenings was welcome as always with Kimpton hotels. In summary I loved my stay at the Vintage Park and will definitely return either side of my next visit to Microsoft. As background I booked my first night at another hotel, the Mayflower Park as I needed an address for the visa waiver form and it got good reviews on TA. However I had to move rooms as soon as I arrived due to noise, this was despite requesting a quiet room on the booking and again during the check in. The hotel MP was ok however the rooms are rather dated in a shabby kind of way rather than quaint and the TV, a very small CRT, reception was poor. The hotel was not in the same class as the Vintage Park and I would avoid unless the Vintage Park is not available.