I just got back from a four night stay at the Hotel Vintage Park. We were lucky enough to get an AAA rate of $152 per night for a standard King room. Normal rates seem to be a little higher. I signed up for Kimpton's frequent traveller program before arriving. I would highly recommend this to anyone who books through the KImpton site. The frequent traveller program notes preferences, such as bed type, smoking preference, floor preference, pillow preference, and location of the room on the floor. Prior to arriving at the property, I book a town car through the valet. Upon arriving at Sea-Tac, I was advised to call the driver on his cell phone. I arrived at the baggage claim, and called the driver. He had no idea about me, and was no where near the airport. Not a good start. We took a limo (basically the same price as a taxi) to the hotel, and in the process, saved either $5 or $10, as the hotel's car service was either $40 or $45. Upon arrival at the hotel, check in was quick. The front desk was very concerned when I mentioned that the car service was not expecting me. They grabbed the reservation book from the valet, and my information was all in there. They weren't sure where the ball was dropped, but made up for it with a credit in the hotel restaurant (other things were offered, I preferred the restaurant credit). We made it up to our room, and every one of our preferences were met. We were in room 1105. We entered our room, to our bed turned down with chocolates, sparkling water, and fresh grapes. The radio was playing classical music. We noticed that a coffee maker was missing, and called down to the front desk. The front desk promptly sent up a coffee maker with fresh ground coffee on a silver platter at no charge. I tested out the wi-fi access almost immediately. Everything worked perfectly. For other forms of electronics, the TV had almost every channel under the sun available. The mini-bar was well stocked, but prices seemed to be about $1 more per item than other hotels. Our friends were staying at the Sheraton, and this was true with their mini-bar. The bathroom was well stocked with Aveda products, two bathrobes, and cotton balls, q-tips, etc. The faucet hardware was fancy, but everything else was just your standard hotel bathroom. Also, noticed a little dirt on the floor after a couple of days (wasn't sure if it was there when we checked in). Also, housekeeping did not restock amenities. Had to ask the front desk to send up more shampoo. The restaurant at the property is nice. We only had breakfast there. Lunch and dinner look nice, but it is gourmet or fancy Italian. No pizza or spaghetti here. Personally, not my cup of tea, but that's just me. Other restaurants are around in abundance, but because the hotel sits on the border of the financial and shopping district, it is a couple of blocks walk to the nearest restaurant. As for the common areas, there aren't too many. The lobby/lounge was where the evening wine hour was, as well as where fresh coffee and tea were. The wine tasting was nice, although I was a bit surprised to see them checking names against the hotel register. All of the staff that we met with downstairs were great. The staff really are the shining stars of this property. In my opinion, if you can get this hotel for around $150 per night, I would highly recommend it, especially when the 2* hotels are only about $20 cheaper (at least in the Summertime)