We stayed at the W Seattle before our cruise to Alaska. We are SPG gold members and this was one of several options we had to redeem points for a pre-cruise stay. The reception area is very nice with a large bowl of apples available for snacks. There is usually spa water or coffee available too. The room was nice. We had two queen beds and a couch built into the window. The heavenly bed that each room comes with always ensures me that I will be sleeping well. The bathroom was decent sized too. Accessibility was the main plus for this hotel. Getting to the hotel was super easy. We like taking public transportation that is easy to use and Seattle is a great city for using buses and trains. We took the light rail from the airport to the hotel as we were not in any hurry. It was so cheap, about $3 per person and we got off one block from the hotel. Our main problem is that we travel very heavy and had to haul 250 pounds of luggage up the hill one block to the hotel. Even that wasn't too bad. In comparison, we could have taken a taxi for about $50. The hotel offered the Acura test drive experience where you could get a free ride around town within 5 miles of the hotel. We arranged for a ride to the cruise ship the next day which saved about $15 in taxi fares. All our saved transportation fees covered our extra baggage fees for the airline! Location was good although there seemed to be a Westin closer to the big mall in the center of town that had the monorail to the Space Needle. However, the W was located in an area where you could get on any public bus and travel. We enjoyed a nice walk both mornings of our stay to the first Starbucks at Pike Place to get coffee although there was another Starbucks just across the street from the hotel (and practically every corner in between). A big plus was that after the cruise, the W held our luggage for us until we were ready to travel to the airport. We took a taxi back from the cruise ship, checked in our luggage, and walked around town. When we were ready to go to the airport we enjoyed a one block walk down to the light rail and had an easy ride to the airport. Our trip to Seattle was very pleasant and the W suited our needs perfectly!