My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights and can honestly say this is the best hotel we've ever stayed at. I've stayed at many hotels for business, but this by far is the best. We checked in at 12AM and were greeted by the friendly staff. At that hour, I appreciate the darkness inside the hotel. I would rather be greeted by candle light and low lighting than fluorescent-in-your-face lights. Anyhow, after we finally settled in at 2am, we ordered food from room service. I don't remember the name of the associate that helped us, but he was very friendly. He gave us everything that we asked for (again, at 2 AM in the morning): contact solution, dinner, two glasses of water (because we didn't want to open the $5 water), extra pillows, and toothpaste. I've never been anywhere that has been so accomodating at such a late hour. The beds are AMAZING!! I did not want to get out of bed because it was so comfortable. Now that I think about it, I still have to call the hotel back because I want to replicate the bed in my own home...I'm really not kidding, I'm looking for the hotel's phone number as I'm writing this. We even liked the couch. It was nice to wake up in the morning, open our blinds, lounge on the couch, and sip on our coffee (which the hotel serves for free until 10am in the lobby or you can go the Starbucks across the street). The hotel is only a short walk to Pike's Place Market. I walked here every morning to buy fresh fruit, bread, and jam for breakfast and prosciutto and cheese for lunch. It was a nice walk, but remember to bring your umbrella! The hotel is not too far away from Queen Anne, which has a lot of cool bars. We posted up at TS McHugh's for happy hour and to watch the Giants game. They had $2.50 drinks and $3 apps. Once the game was over we walked to this delicious Thai restaurant named "Phuckit". The food was so awesome and your get 15% off your dinner if you pay in cash! Back to the Hotel review: The Acura experience was easy enough. I didn't have any problems booking a ride during checkout and they still were able to accomodated us when we were 20 minutes late for our reservation. All in all, we feel like we got a steal! We booked our reservation through "Name your Price" on priceline. I can't wait to visit again!