Congratulations! Youve chosen the best hotel in Seattle! Over the years I have become spoiled with the service and amenities provided by W Hotels all over the world, but the W Seattle is at the top of my list. My Dad and I live just east in Coeur D Alene Idaho, so Seattle is a manageable drive giving us a great opportunity to relax, eat, drink and be merry. Weve stayed at the W Seattle five times now from Christmas through the baseball season. I realized I have been remiss in not providing a review for other travelers, as well as to show our appreciation for the fine service we always receive at the W Seattle. Initially, I contacted the W to inquire as to whether they were pet friendly and happily discovered that not only are they pet accepting but are pet LOVERS, a huge benefit as my Dad refuses to leave his small dog. We arrived at the W, greeted straight away by the very friendly and helpful valet attendants who whisked our bags into the hotel. The Valets gave incredible service, bountiful information and greeted us by name the whole weekend. They do charge for parking but having lived in metropolitan cities for many years this doesnt make me flinch. They do offer quick and courteous unlimited entry and exit, which many hotels do not. Check-in in the chic and modern lobby, complete with smooth music and original art, was flawless and efficient. The staffs friendliness and professionalism continued with our front desk attendant Mary who checked us in and also provided much valuable information. Tasty, fruit infused, chilled water was offered in the reception area of which we gladly accepted, being parched from our five hour drive. The lobby and lower Living Room have a very cool jazz/Ibiza Lounge feel, coated with hip accents. At night Living Room turns into the place to see and be seen as the bar is just to the left, complete with a DJ spinning etherial music. The Living Room is also where I would take my morning cup of coffee and utilize the free wireless internet. I usually just pay for internet in the room but not wanting to disturb my pop who sleeps late these days, the Living Room is very comfortable and a good way to socialize with other early risers. Additionally, if youre a Starbucks addict theres a location directly across the street from the Living Room. Our room was incredible. Upon entering we discovered another amazing W touch of class with the doggy bed, complete with personal food and water bowls and a name placard with Lilly written on it. I believe there was even a toy of some sort for her. Both beds with incredible linens and comfort kept us sleeping like babies. To the far end of the room was a great window couch affording an incredible view of the Seattle skyline and an amazing place to sit and read, as well as enjoy our 4:30 cocktails before the ball game. The bathroom continued the flow of comfort and sophistication complete with Bliss Spa soaps, shampoo and lotion. I loved the Bliss products so much Im ordering them for home. The W Seattle is located perfectly just up and away from the hustle and bustle of Pike Market but close enough to walk. Shopping, dinning, museums, live entertainment, bars, and the waterfront are all easily accessible from the W. Because of my dads age and replaced knees we usually walk DOWN and take a cab back from wherever weve gone. A cab ride from the W too all the cool spots is $5 - $15, roughly. Weve eaten in Earth and Ocean, the in house dining option, on several occasions and have never been disappointed. The fare is good, the service friendly and attentive and price point is reasonable for a hotel restaurant. I will say I prefer breakfast there, great omelets and incredible seasoned new potatoes. In all fairness I must say that as a bit of a foodie I find it difficult to dine anywhere more than once, this is certainly true of hotel restaurants as well. So our not eating at Earth and Ocean every evening is more from my need to explore and discover new dining spots. Bottom line, the W Seattle is excellent, and we anxiously look forward to returning at every departure. I cant say that for too many things in life, especially hotels. So, book the room, enjoy the city and look for Mike and Ron, The Bacon Boys sitting in the Living Room or the bar and join us for a cocktail.