We stayed at the W Hotel for a romantic night in the city. I have always wanted to stay here, I have eaten in the restaurant before and it was beautiful. Overall this was a great hotel. It doesnt really need to be said that it is an amazing property. The rooms were incredibly decadent, very modern dcor, lovely furniture. Our room had a chaise lounge in it overlooking the corner windows which though it said floor to ceiling, the rooms are pretty short in height so its not as incredible as I thought it would be. However, dont get me wrong it was still beautiful. The bed was incredibly luxurious and comfortable. The room was actually pretty big with a beautiful desk and the bathroom was quite swanky, though it didnt have a soaking tub or jet tub which I had tried everywhere to find out and couldnt on the website. Its your basic tub with shower set up. Now I know. We were on the 12th floor so it was just city views, in fact we looked at the back of the Four Seasons. But city streets otherwise. Higher floors may have more impressive views. It was quite a luxurious experience. My husband had bought me roses and so we called down and asked if they could bring us up a vase and within 2 minutes we had a knock on the door and a couple of options of vases. The location is great, its a little more in the business area of town, but only a couple blocks from some great shopping. The bar is actually in the lobby of the hotel, as in, it sort of is the lobby of the hotel so you can just sit by the fire or anywhere on the sofas or chairs and they will come and get your order. We did not eat in the bar or the restaurant so I cant speak to that experience, though it looked lovely. It was a little full of itself. Check-in was a little frosty, and the bar as well seemed a bit pretentious. But if you just overlook all of that and enjoy the hotel for its beauty and comfort, its perfect! We had room service in the morning which was amazing. The presentation was incredible and the food was tastey. Its a rather pricey hotel, I found a great rate online the week of our plans so it was nice to get it all at a bit of a deal, but even so, its definitely a splurge. I would stay here again if I found a deal, but otherwise, I am not sure full price would have been worth it. Great location to the Fifth Ave Theater and some great restaurants in the vicinity within walking distance.