Ahh The W Seattle! I am a SPG Plat member and "W The Card holder. Lately when in Seattle on business I have been staying at the HYATT downtown, but because of a convention at that property I was back at my old stomping grounds THE W. Once a flagship of THE W chain, she is showing a little bit of wear and tear here and there. The Staff was great as expected except the concierge, who was was a bit too impressed with himself. The hallways/elevators are very dimly lit, with a sexy ambiance, this hotel is for the movers and shakers, the style makers, or people who think they have style! I personally love it. Once inside the rooms you have the wonderful signature W Beds which are quite simply amazing. One of the most comfortable beds you will experience. Mod decor abounds in the rooms with great flat screen TVs and a well appointed bathroom. All of the Bathroom products are provided by BLISS Spa's and you will want to take home the face wash and body lotion, they are that good! My only complaint (and to some this may be a plus) is that it is difficult to get the rooms dark. When I am in Seattle I work late and sleep in, I am usually upgraded to a Corner King room which has amazing views but is difficult to darken, especially when I want to sleep in. The blinds are a so-so at best shutters that just don't block sunlight (reason why I have been over at The Hyatt lately instead). The restaurant /room service is amazing and the bar is great. Last year Quentin Tarantino was at the bar with a lady friend having a drink on a Thursday night! (I don't spot too many celebrities in my hotel travels) No coffee makers in the rooms (urghh pet peeve!) I like to make a cup of coffee without having to go downstairs for the free coffee or order a $16 small pot from room service. Overall though it is a wonderful property with a great location and good staff, on the trendy, high-end side of things so if you are stuffy and grumpy or like to get to bed very early, try the Fairmont next door (which has the best Oysters and Salmon in Seattle at the restaurant "Shucker's" on their ground floor.) But if you want to stay with the fashionista boutique brigade, give it a go!!!!