When you stay at a W Hotel you are in for an adjustment to your expectations. Depending on your personal point of view, you may find this refreshing, surprising, and wonder why there arent more people doing this sort of thing. Or, you may feel that these are just trashy gimmicks directed at the hi-tech minded and geeky. So whats different? First thing is that instead of the gushing and verbose service that many concierges and reception staff employ, this luxury hotel employs people who give the impression that everything is no big deal, easily accomplished and in fact hardly worth a mention. In fact, they are often smiling but very direct and to the point in the delivery of their message. Some could mistake this for coolness and disinterest. Throughout the hotel alternative language abounds  the Concierge desk is titled: Whatever, Whenever. The sign for your door to ensure privacy says: Not Quite Yet! The second thing is dcor. The reception area is minimalist meets gothic, with a touch of modern art, all dimly lit. At night the lights are even lower and the fireplace surrounded by candles is a centrepiece. Low coloured lights in corridors and hallways combined with vibrant carpets extend the effect of being in some kind of club. Music is the third thing: ambient techno and jazz will accompany you everywhere except in your room. It all combines with the dcor and the attitude to impress upon you that you are part of a hip and cool experience. Rooms are also minimalist, although spacious. Our Cool Corner Room was exactly that, affording a great view of the city on from two aspects at fifteen floors elevation. Everything works, and works well in this hotel, especially technology. Your Flat Screen TV, DVD, Internet are all there, and the lobby if full of laptop users, also enjoying a cocktail. These are the sort of people that feel that a computer is an integral part of life, not just a machine with which you work. On Saturdays the reception and bar area becomes a disco  still in the techno theme, and is obviously a cool Saturday evening rendezvous for locals and visitors alike. But, dont think this hotel is exclusively for the young; its more that its designed to make you feel young, whatever your age. We say everyone from 18 to 80 in evidence, and most seemed to be enjoying the experience. We noted several Brides in their gowns arriving after their happy day, en route to a memorable night. So, if you are the sort that might like your hotel experience to be something new and different try a W  and the Seattle W is a great one to try, both for quality and location. If you prefer leather sofas, marble floors and tradition, theres a wonderful Fairmont around the corner, but why not give the W a try just one time? We did, and enjoyed the experience.