Stayed here in October for a birthday weekend trip. Absolutely loved it! We booked thru Starwood using Starwood points and had a corner Wow room. They were right - walked in - saw the room and view and said 'Wow!'. Room colors are very monochromatic with a splash of color here and there in pillows etc. Bliss products were waiting in the good size, modern bathroom along with the W bathrobes. The corridors are dark but it just lends the theme to this very modern, younger set location. Seattle, we found, attracts the vibrant, young go-getters. The downtown area is brimming with fabulous restaurants, cafes and other nightlife. Every member of staff was extremely helpful and courteous. The concierge was very knowledgable and was always kept busy. The hotel had lots of sitting areas. So, rather than being restricted to your room if you wanted to surf on your laptop or do some work, you could be part of the action and enjoy the fireplace and couches in the lobby or couches in the quieter section on the second floor. They played the best music all the time - like dance/house. Loved it! They had W candles burning all over, emanating a wonderful aroma/atmosphere. There was free Starbucks coffee in the bar area in the mornings. This little tidbit alas, we did not discover until the day we were leaving. The info was on a small card in the room but we missed it. There is a full service Starbucks right across the street. Being Seattle, there is a coffee shop on EVERY corner it seemed. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant the first morning. The decor was impressive but the service and food was lacking - especially for the price. This was our only disappointment. We would recommend that you grab your free Starbucks, walk a couple of blocks towards Pikes Place and enjoy breakfast in one of Seattle's great cafes. The Crumpet Shop for one is well worth a visit. The hotel bar was well stocked and the atmosphere pleasant in the evenings when it seemed to attract the high-flyers of the city. The location cannot be beat. Only four blocks from Pikes Place with LOTS of restaurants and shops in between. You will not be disappointed if you choose to stay here. Just be aware that it is very modern and 'hip'. If you want something more 'traditional' stay at the Westin.