ok, so I've read the other reviews and not agreeing with most I decided to write my own. First, I can't believe how low of a rating this hotel has received from reviewers on this site. I honestly think what may be happening is that this hotel is a little to hip for certain travelers. The W hotel is very nice. The staff is very professional and responsive to requests. At times I've even seen them walking the dogs of hotel guests. The bed is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. It has very high thread count sheets, a goose down comforter, a feather bed, and goose down pillows. Well I don't know how, but someone on this site managed to complain about that! The decor is definitely trendy. At all times there is house music playing in the lobby and bar area so if you like that genre then you will be right at home. During the evening they have candles burning and the bar area comes alive with people from all over Seattle. This is why you might want to stay there. To be honest, if I was staying at the Hilton I would probably go to the W just to hang out and mingle. It is definitely a cool spot to meet people. I'd say the age range is early thirties to late forties. For the guy complaining about the hotel charging for internet access, most hotels do charge a fee for that service. But if you are truly frugal, and it sounds like you are, then you should have used the FREE internet access in the lobby and bar area. That's what I did because I didn't want to pay either. The food at the hotel is a little expensive. An omelet delivered was $25 including service charges. Oatmeal costs about $13 delivered. Both were very good but I just couldn't justify the price, especially when there are so many restaurants nearby. To be sure, if you are more of a conservative person I would recommend you stay at the Hilton or Hyatt. Those hotels are more traditional. I'm actually a Hilton honors diamond member but after staying at the W, I will remain there for the rest of the month while I'm in Seattle. If you do decide to stay at the W, make sure you check out the great restaurant nearby called Jasmine. The food there is excellent and they also have a very nice vibe in their bar area. Anyhow, good luck with your travels.