The Hotel Max is a great place to stay for either business, or pleasure. I finally have decided to say something about this little "Gem" of a hotel as I stay here averagely 15 to 20 times a year for work. From the outset, this is a the cute, stylistic, central and convenient hotel when need to be in the city. The hotel has a young feel without being "Stoosh", void of being pretentious. Staff know me by name, so it's always good to come back, and staff always greet guests and help arrange anything needed in the city, the guys at the front desk always seem to be good with questions, or arranging cars. Well, the most important things are the rooms. The rooms come in Solo Art, Queen of Art and the Artist King, together with twin rooms. The solo being the smallest is small, but a good size, and a little larger than NYC rooms that say small. The Queen, is comfy, and depending on where on each floor, sometimes has a little more space. If you do want a peaceful night, ask for a room away from the lift, as the noise can sometimes grate when you need to rest. Included in all rooms are a work desk, fridge, with drinks of the usual sort, red and white wines, confection like mini Oreo's, Snicker's & assorted dried & coated nuts, be careful, a touch pricey! Across the road is everything you need, and being in town there's no excuse if saving your personal spend, or work spend on a $4.50 bottle of spring water. The bed is a dream to sleep on, firm to sleep on, and wide with 500 thread cotton. The great thing about this place it gives you an assortment of pillows, and if needed, you can request pillows if you have allergies, and a selection from the spiritual menu for your reading choice. There is a small gym, which is super clean with the basic's needed, 2 tread mills, 2 bikes, and a Nordic Ski, together with weights. A water cooler and fresh green apples are also provided. The cute factor is that every room has art from local artist's which are for sale if you are interested, together photography on the walls lining each floor and door to your room in B+W.. Even the room keys have alternating pictures represented on the walls of the floor. Room service is provided from the restaurant down stair's which is "Blue Fin". Fish in Seattle is great, and here is another good example. The thing that really is worth it, is the Sushi Happy Hour, that really last's a lot longer than a hour, firstly, early evening, then again 10:00pm til closing. Overall, a good place to stay for business, couples & families with teens. With Nordstroms being one minute away, and the rest of down town, you cant beat this for location. Prices for rooms are an average $139 plus tax, to $200, but keep an eye out for deal's all over as offer's seem to pop up to fill rooms within 2 weeks of a check-in date.