So we stayed here thanks to a Groupon getaway. Pretty much the same as one of the hotels stay and dine packages I think. I was pretty excited after seeing the great reviews on here. The Roosevelt delivered. First of all this place has the best location out of any of the Seattle Hotels I have stayed at. We did quite a bit and everything was within 2 blocks. It was great! We used the Valet with no issues. I will note most valets at least offer to help with bags and such which these ones didnt. Not an issue for me, as I usually just get my own anyway. Check in was very friendly. We arrived prior to check in but was glad that a room was available. The check in staff even gave me a choice of several floors which I thought was a nice touch. We took the highest floor available. We had a deluxe King Junior suite. Not a great view, but we were up high so that was nice. Overall, I was very impressed with the room. Large living area with sofa and desk, bed was comfortable, and a flat screen TV that rotates towards living area or the bed. The only downside to this hotel and their rooms are the bathrooms. Although I dont book a room based on bathroom, Im not going to lie, I was not impressed. Very small, the shower had a hard wide spray (not adjustable). Im a tall guy so I am used to not having a spacious shower. Dont look up at the vent above the shower, could be dust and stuff there from the 1980s. It was gross looking. Anyway, as I stated, I dont book on the bathroom, but for you picky travelers, I just wanted to note it. I am guessing had we upgraded to a Jacuzzi suite it would have been bigger. The room also had a small coffee pot and coffee and a separate sink area which is nice. This room is great, especially if you are going to spend any time in there. Many Seattle hotel rooms, you would get cabin fever due to small rooms, well, not the case here. We had lunch at the attached Bar & restaurant called Vons. It was incredible. They had great food and a great beer and liquor selection. I was impressed and Vons is a must do in Seattle now. We used the dining credit for Il Fornaio which is right across the street in the mall. It was good and I will write separate reviews on the dining. Checkout was easy and quick and didnt have to wait too long to pick up the car. As a side note, I did not experience slow elevators as other stated. Keep in mind, this is an old historic hotel and there are only two elevators, so not much can be done about that. Get a low floor if you are that picky about it. I was really impressed overall and the Roosevelt is one of our new favorite Seattle Hotels. It has great location, spacious room, friendly staff, and worked out great for us. I do a decent amount of traveling and also do some travel blogging. I cant wait to share our experience with everyone. I hope they keep up with some of the specials such as Groupon and the Stay and Dine. Great opportunity for new fans like us! One side note: hey Brandon, I would love to see the Roosevelt on Facebook and Twitter. I didnt see anything except West coast hotels on Facebook. I also really like the emails you get ahead of time. No need to confirm when they remind you of the upcoming stay as well as a thank you email after you leave. Just a nice touch.