We visited Seattle for a three night stay and had the great fortune to book a room at the Roosevelt Hotel at a great price. We had a small glitch with our reservation when we checked in, the problem was fixed and the front desk was very caring and concerned. Great service rises when there are problems. It is a lovely older property that is run by Coast Hotels and it is in a perfect location. We were assigned a corner room on the 11th floor overlooking the city and Pine Street. My wife could see the department stores, malls and great shopping from our window, so the location was very convenient for her to just step outside and go shopping. There were many nice places to eat and Von's which has an entrance inside the hotel was a nice place to get drinks and a small meal for a reasonable price on our first night there. Just across the road was a Mall that had a variety of stores and a whole floor of restaurants. The Market and the monorail stop are down and I mean down the road. You can walk to most of the Seattle attractions and the monorail ($2.00 one way) takes you to the Space Needle and park about a mile away. The Duck Boat Tours has a stop right outside the monorail stop and it is a great way to see the city and get on the water. We planned our walk so we stopped for the tour and then walked down to the Market. The walk back up the hill is, as others have mention a little trek but you can always call a cab and for $5.00 be back at the hotel. We did both. The oversized corner room was well appointed, a king size very comfortable bed, sitting area, huge flat screen TV, free WiFi, desk, ottomans, a smaller bath with older but very clean functional fixtures and another bath with the one of the largest jacuzzi baths I have ever seen. It was put to good use and it worked great. We had more than enough towels and bath accessories. There was plenty of closet and storage space. Bathrobes and slippers were hanging in the closet and they provided bottled water. ($4.00) We did not use the fitness center and I am not sure if they have a pool. The front desk and concierge were very helpful both in answering any questions we had or just getting us a cab. We very much enjoyed our stay at the Roosevelt Hotel and plan to return again and again.