So I bought online and pre-paid for a discount (which you KNOW they see when you check in). I was travelling with an infant and a tween and we arrived at 11:30 a.m. (rental car was due by 1 p.m.). They were kind to let us check in early. We got a great room (2208) with a balcony, though the door was bolted shut. They are also a paid parking facility for Sea Tac so I had to drive through a ticket booth to get to another part of the lot. This is where the ONLY bad part occurred...Because I was the lone adult I had to make several trips to/from the car to pack up junk. Took me about 40 minutes. When I tried to get out of the lot and return the car, I was charged $4.00. I pressed the "help" button and after 10 times got a live person. "Ma'am, parking is only free within 20 minutes." She kept saying this over and over to me, with every question I asked. I was "conversing" with her for about 5 minutes when she said, " I'll send a parking supervisor out to speak with you." Forget it. I paid the $4 just to get the car back on time. Now on to the rest of the good stuff...There is a shuttle to/from the airport every 20 minutes, 24 hours. The guy helped me with bags and though he didn't stick around waiting for a tip, I went back to tip him, especially since he helped me with my stuff at 0320 in the morning and even walked to the center of the crosswalk at the airport to make sure we got across safely. The room was clean (the carpet, too). The only minor issue was one mirror that looked like a woman had sprayed hairspray all over it. Room service is a bit pricey, but whose isn't? The pool was PHENOM! 3' to 8' and tons of chairs and tables. Even good pool sized towels (not the wash cloths that most hotels leave out). Also a jacuzzi, but we didn't use it. There are several computers near the hotel bar that are open access and can print boarding passes. Concierge on site, gift shop until 10 p.m. LOTS of tourists and groups there, so try to check in at least a bit early. Jack in the box and Taco Bell within a block, 7-11 and gas stations/mini-marts, too. Check in staff friendly and accommodating. They do charge for parking and internet. FYI.