We flew into Seattle for our cruise to Alaska. The hotel has 24/7 complimentary airport shuttle. We truly enjoyed our stay at the Doubletree. It was so comfortable, and the rooms are very large. We are hilton honors members so we were able to upgrade online to a family suite for just $9 more! Absolutely worth it. We took the hotel shuttle back to the airport and rode the Light Rail into town for sightseeing. The shuttle driver dropped us off at the rail station. The light rail is $5 round trip. We got off at the pioneer village exit and caught the Gray Line double decker tour bus around the city. It goes to all of the major sight- seeing venues. We took the Light Rail back to the airport and took the hotel shuttle back to the hotel. Only drawback was that we had to walk a little ways when we got back to the airport to get to the shuttle. If we went again we would have just walked to the hotel from the rail station. It was probably closer. The food in the hotel is a little costly. We did eat there a few times, and the food was very good. There is a Denny's across the street and a Jack in the Box. We ate at both of them and the food was good there also. It is a major intersection but there is a crosswalk, and we did not have any problems. The hotel clerks were very, very helpful. There were a lot of airport personnel staying there. The hotel recommended Seattle Express to take us to and from the hotel to the pier for our cruise. I contacted them in advance and had a confirmation email for both trips. It was $12. per person each way. They also took some people to the airport from the pier. Everything was absolutely perfect. We had a great cruise and a great stay at the Doubletree. Only negatives-- no wi-fi in our room. We could pay for ethernet service but we did not want to do that. They did have Wi-FI in the lobby and there were numerous computers in the lobby that were available for use. No complimentary breakfast - we ate once at the hotel. (good food). We went to Denny's across the street. If you drive a car- there is a charge to park