I stayed at the Doubletree Seattle Airport in January during a last-minute weekend trip to Seattle. The hotel is basically across the street from the airport, so you do hear the planes, but that wasn't really bothersome for me. The guestrooms are being or have been renovated, and while I was there, they were renovating the lobby, so most parts of the hotel feel very fresh and new. I booked through Doubletree's website, and was offered an option to upgrade to a premium suite for $30/night if one was available at check-in. Upon check-in, sure enough a suite was available, and I was given a room on the Penthouse floor -- much to my surprise. The room was fantastic! As you would expect from a suite, it had the bedroom separate from the sitting area, but the room was huge! In the living room area, there was a small dining table, a leather couch, upholstered easy chair with ottoman, and work desk/chair. Also a small bar area, TV, and stereo w/ DVD player. The bedroom was also nice, with the Doubletree "Sweet Dreams" bed, clock/radio w/ MP3 input, and another TV. The bathroom was probably as large as the bedroom, with a 2-sink vanity, large soaking tub, and HUGE shower. And that shower -- wow! It had the most water pressure of any shower I've ever seen... if I could figure out how to get my shower at home to do that, I wouldn't think twice! Floor-to-ceiling windows looked onto the balcony which extended the entire width of the room. The views of the mountains and sunset (and yes, the airport) were very nice. As for the rest of the hotel, it is comprised of the 14-story tower (where my room was) and several 3-story "wing" buildings. If you were staying in one of the farther out wings, it could be a bit of a hike from the lobby, but the parking lot surrounds the hotel, so at least you'd be able to park close and come/go through one of the card-access-only doors. The elevators for the tower rooms are also a bit of a walk from the lobby (through the meeting room area), which seemed like a strange design. Two fitness centers are available: one just inside the wing nearest the tower building, and the other between two of the wing buildings overlooking the pool. The outdoor pool is situated in a courtyard area between some of the wings, and looked very nice. The hotel has a lobby area coffee bar, rooftop restaurant, and mid-range lobby restaurant. I ate at the lobby restaurant one night -- nothing spectacular, just average. Free wi-fi is available in the lobby, as well as free kiosks near the coffee shop if you don't have your computer. Wired Internet access is available in-room for a fee. Parking is a bit steep (at $14/day if I remember correctly), and is also used by people parking for the airport. It is controlled entry, but just know that it's not reserved only for hotel guests. The staff was polite and professional. When I checked out, the rate I was billed was higher than what it should have been (the regular room + $30 upgrade), but the front desk clerk quickly adjusted the rate to what I had confirmed on the website. She did mention that I shouldn't have gotten the room I did for that rate, but followed that with "but that's our mistake, not yours." I know some hotels who would have insisted I pay the higher rate, so I appreciate her doing the right thing for the customer. Again, I was very impressed with the hotel, and wouldn't hesistate to stay there again next time I'm in Seattle. The location is great, and the free shuttle between the hotel and airport every 15 minutes (24x7) is great.