This has got to be one of the most, if not THE most wonderfully noise-free hotels I have ever stayed in!! I am a very frequent traveler, at least 70 nights in hotels in 2008, and I advise: Ignore the negative reviews of this hotel because apparently the hotel has been renovated: my room looks sparkling new and is VERY quiet. Specifically, I cannot hear any sounds whatever coming from other rooms (like people taking showers, bathroom exhaust fans, and the usual annoyances that I usually hear in any hotel). Special mention of the heating/ cooling unit that is over by the window. Wonderfully, it is usually OFF yet it keeps the room at the right temperature. It just comes on a couple of minutes every hour or so; and I can adjust it up or down as I please so the temperature feels perfect for me. At many hotels, even very expensive ones, they have an exhaust fan running all the time, or the unit is always "on" with a fan, and this is incredibly annoying. Whoever designed this hotel's renovation should be hired everywhere. I can see part of the airport runway from my room, yet I can't hear any planes taking off our landing. This room is quiet, Quiet, QUIET. I got curious and read the notebook in the room about local restaurants and so on (there are a few nearby). And in reading about the hotel, I see that this hotel has a "honeycomb" construction which the hotel modestly claims is one of the "quieter" hotels by the airport. I am not sure if 'honeycomb' refers to the kind of insulation in the walls, or the form of the construction, though to me (I knocked in the walls to check) it feels like the walls of my room are made of solid concrete. In any case, this room is so quiet, and that made for some very peaceful rest! I would add special praise for the nice woman who answered the phone when I called from the airport to request the shuttle, and who checked me in when I arrived. She was a true professional and so kind and courteous. Do not expect the other trappings of a luxury hotel (besides the nice room like the one I have). This is a budget hotel: the lobby is small and not for lingering, just for getting checked in, the free hot breakfast is fine to take care of the needs of a family feeding their kids, the pool is tiny (and outdoors, so forget about that if it's not summer), and the exercise room is tiny. But in my opinion, this hotel is an outstanding choice for a peaceful overnight sleep just a short ride from the Seattle airport. I know this review sounds like a wild rave. But I have stayed in too many hotels, including big luxury properties, where there is always this or that noise to annoy me. If hotel room noise is your pet peeve, stay here, as it won't bother you.