our family holiday I stayed at the Colony Bay Resort from the 10th of May for 2 weeks with my husband and our 2 year old son. Like others that we have met during our stay, I was a little nervous after reading some of the negative reviews that have been posted on here recently but I suppose that these people must have been searching for things to complain about. ROOMS ?The rooms are not of a huge size but very comfortable, clean and well equipped; 2 Double beds, cable TV, nice balcony etc.... The mini bar was stocked daily, please note that a few items are to be paid extra such as chocolate, chips and international drinks. Included in the all inclusive you have 2 beers, soda drinks and water.BEACH  POOL ?The beach was lovely, very clean and plenty of sun beds, same days it could get a little windy but what a deal when you wish to sleep under the sun! For sure the highlight of the resort is the pool. We spent most of our time here, specially at the swim-up bar!FOOD ?While it is true that the food on the buffet was primarily the same each day, it included pretty much anything you could imagine so unless you ate everything every day I don see how you could sick of it. We were skeptical of the reservation restaurants but were pleasantly surprised. I do think the reservation system is odd but we never had to wait longer than 10 minutes to get a spot. SERVICE ?This is what really gives many points to the resort. Everyone was so friendly to us, especially to my son. The front desk staff were always very helpful. The waiters and bar tenders were constantly checking to see if we needed anything. Personally I was a little disappointed with those not leaving any tips, these people work hard and a couple of bugs means a lot for them!OVERALL - This is a wonderful resort and we had a great time. It is always very funning when people complain about stupid details?. On a vacation you can expect everything to be perfect I don think that this even happens at home! If you are planning a vacation to Punta Cana we can highly recommend the Colony bay, we loved it and for sure will return!