My wife and I have stayed here a few times in the past and did so again this summer, for one night after a long day's flying from London at the start of a long road trip. What we like - and still liked this year after several years' break - is that although it's a big chain hotel, at an airport, it has a much smaller feel to it than most such hotels. When you enter the Reception area, the style is reminiscent of some of those lodge hotels you find in national parks - all stone and wooden beams - and on a more modest scale than many large hotels. The staff seem helpful and friendly, and the rooms comfortable and well-equipped as you would expect. The rooms are built around a large closed atrium in which there's a pool. We've never tried the pool but we like the fact that it's there. It does mean that about half the rooms face inwards onto this area; we've always had rooms facing outwards, which I think may be better. The restaurant also is not bad for a chain hotel - we've eaten there several times in the past so did so again this time, and again were very happy with it. The restaurant doesn't seem very large but there was no problem getting a table, either for the evening or next morning for breakfast. Breakfast is good - but you have to make a choice between the extensive buffet (including freshly made omelets etc) or a la carte. Both were fine but you can't mix and match the two options, which made the choice harder as some things were only available on one and not the other, and vice versa. You have to pay to park at the hotel - I can't remember how much but it all adds the cost. As there's a Hertz rental office in the hotel, I suppose a good option might be to take the hotel shuttle from the airport, then pick up one's rental car from there the next morning - saving on a day's rental, and the cost of parking. It's just a thought. So - overall - this hotel is perfect for a night after arriving from afar. I'm sure we'll stay here again, the time our travels take us through Seattle.