We live about 3 hours from Seattle, but it's much cheaper for us to fly out of SEA than it is to make a connection through SEA from any of the other airports nearer to us, so we look for hotels at Seattle Airport that are clean, quiet, have good food, and have a "stay and fly" rate, where they keep your car safe while you're away. The Hilton at SEA-TAC does everything we want in a hotel, and more. There are two wings of rooms, a 4-story building right by the check-in desk, where they house people who are Hilton HHonors guests, and another long wing, which is just fine, but a bit of a schlep from the lobby and restaurant. The bell desk is run by people who are obliging and friendly and helpful. Whatever help we need, they provide, cheerfully. You can tell how good the bell desk is by the fact that there are lots of bellmen who have been on the desk for years. The restaurant is basically a steak place -- with really, really good steaks -- but also has a good selection of other dishes, including vegetarian options. We often make a whole meal out of two or three of the appetizers. But even though we're not spending the money that others might spend, the service is never grudging or slow, and we're always treated as if we're buying the big ticket dinners. The restaurant also does a nice breakfast -- buffet style or off the menu. In the lobby, there's a nice bar area with several big-screen TVs, and there's a Starbucks (it is Seattle after all). The rooms are clean, quiet, comfortable. If something isn't right, housekeeping tries very hard to make it right, and quickly. Most recently, we wanted a couple of extra feather pillows -- we called down, the person said "right away", and literally 30 seconds later, there was a knock on the door. Wonderful. 99% of the time, the front desk is seamless and efficient. Sometimes, a new hire or trainee checks us in, and forgets to tell us our options -- for example, as Hilton Gold, I get a couple of breakfast coupons; the most recent stay, when I said I couldn't use them, the clerk said "you can use them for credit on dinner" and I said we would be leaving on the shuttle at 5, well before breakfast, and eating out for dinner with friends. He then FORGOT to say "well, we can credit your account 1000 points instead of giving you coupons which you can't use..." If I had not known I was entitled to the points, I would have lost them. But to the hotel's credit, when I called down and spoke to the front desk manager, she said she'd take care of the credit right away. Their airport shuttles run at :05, :25, and :45 past every hour from about 5 AM until about midnight, and if you need to get to the airport in the middle of the night, they get you there. Overall, a pleasant, well-run, cheerful, and friendly place, with clean rooms, good food, and very convenient to the airport.