Used Priceline and got this hotel for 2 nights at $65/night. Got killed with the $20/night parking fee that Priceline fails to mention. Now for the surprises. Checked in around 7pm on a Sunday post Thanksgiving and got a "free upgrade" upon check in which surprised me! First offer was for a single king bed with court yard view. Asked if that was easy to get to for unloading 4 suitcases and 4 carry on's. The desk agent thought about it for a minute and then offered me a better room (double king bed!) a short distance from the parking garage and easy access to the side doors. It had an obstructed view of the courtyard, but this time of year who cares. We had more than enough space to spread out and repack our luggage one last time. The TV in the room is a large 37 inch HD flat screen with 95% of the channels shown in HD. There were 5 or so analog channels (Fox News and some others) and 5 or so audio only channels. So now to pro and cons of staying here. Pros: Free 2 computer and printer business center (room key required) Computers are not secure like the Fedex Office computers. Public and house phones across the hall from the computer room. Friendly staff. Convenient location to airport with large parking garage at hotel. Wifi free if you goto the lobby and sit in the big couches. Small retail store for travelers aids. Starbucks hot coffee served at lobby restaurant, which is a steak and chops and wine restaurant. Rooms highly insulated against aircraft noise (still comes through a bit) State of the art temperature control for room on wall. Window heater/arico unit is quieter than most. Beds are comfortable but pillows are really soft. Free USA Today delivered to door early in the morning. Checkout easy if everything is prepaid, can be done via a button on the phone. Ipod ready radio on night stand with multi button generalized music style selection. TV has a flight departure channel. Rooms are modern and new looking (found some paint on the sprinkler head). Bath/Shower has railing for lesser mobile persons to hold on to while getting in and out of the shower. Two levels of soap/shampoo holders Cons: $20/night + tax parking fee (covered and monitored parking garage) and $26/night + tax for Valet. (mostly outside parking) $4.95(?) for 30 mins of wired in room internet or $12.95(?) for 24hrs. $4 a bottle "artisan" water in room. Water pressure in shower head really low (flow restrictor) compared to faucet output to tub. Housekeeping left the carts near our room (end of hallway) on Sunday and cleared them out at end of the shift on Monday. Housekeeping did not clean up sticky mess on TV remote and TV counter top before we checked in. Also did not refresh the room on Monday morning, called them Monday night and they sent someone over to give fresh wash clothes and empty the trash cans. Told them to forget the beds as it was 7pm at night. They offered 2 bottles of "cheap" water on the house for the inconvenience. Blackout curtains work ok, but do not really "blackout" the early morning light. Did see one "working girl" leaving the hotel in the hallway since the hotel has many entrances to the rooms hallways and this part of Seattle is known for this trade to be around. Note: They offer a recycle bag, but when the housekeeper came at night (see above) she tossed the bag and all the rest of the trash into a black trash bag.. Maybe it is sorted out later. Overall impression: Great hotel if not for the nickle and dime routine and high parking cost.