My wife is a pretty tough critic of most hotels, but she loved the SeaTac Hilton. It would have been worth the $200.00 rack rate, but as most reviewers have mentioned, it is a tremendous value on Priceline for about 1/3 of its advertised price. We were staying overnight before our Alaskan cruise out of Seattle. The hotel is directly across from the airport and, with a little direction, we were able to catch the Doubletree/Hilton shuttle that lets off at The Doubletree first. It took us about 15 minutes to get to the hotel after a driver change and the first stop. The shuttle was free and pulled right up to the door. The lobby was very nice with a faux firepalce and plenty of couches and recliners. Very easy and friendly check in. There were a bunch of little Irish Dance contest girls clogging up the hotel which meant free entertainment watching the spectacular performances of the contestants in the conference center. The room was nicely decorated and plenty big. The bedding was luxurious and very comfortable. The grounds were immaculately maintained. There was an outdoor pool and a very large hot tub. We were very impressed. We did not try the hotel's restaurant, but ventured out instead. Pass up 13 Coins unless you are wanting to pay $100.00 for dinner and go to Gregory's Bar and Grill about two blocks further south. We got there for the 9-11 p.m. "happy hour" and got some great food and drink specials. No exaggerating....most appetizers were $3 and under. We had a couple of drinks and stuffed ourselves for $22 plus a tip. We felt safe walking down International Boulevard, which was very well lit. There was a 7-11 just up the hill across from the Hilton's Conference Center to get our forgotten tube of toothpaste and a light breakfast. We did not hear any noise from the airport. We were glad we weren't driving and having to pay the $20 per night parking the hotel charges in a parking garage that is quite a walk to the lobby. The layout for the hotel is curious and anything but compact. For our purposes, though, it was perfect. On our next cruise, we'll certainly stay at the SeaTac Hilton again.