My husband and I stayed here the night before our Alaska cruise. We arrived into the airport, collected our luggage and proceeded outside to the van/shuttle area. There is a wall of phones and I dialed the Radisson and they sent someone out with a van. We waited about 5 minutes and never saw the van so I called again and she said he would be right there and asked us where we were standing. 10 minutes later the van arrived. Loaded the luggage and headed to the hotel. By the way, it is a free shuttle. The hotel is literally right across the street from the main entrance to the airport, so it is about THE closest you can get. Our room was not ready when we arrived at noon, so they kept our bags for us and we walked a few blocks down to a restaurant called Sharps, which was a bbq style restaurant. It was delicious. We called the hotel and at about 1:30 our room was ready. We booked a king room. In addition to the bed, there was a desk and small sitting area and the bathroom was pretty big. Everything was super clean. I loved the Sleep Number bed. The wi-fi was free in our room. The hotel was about 3 blocks from the Light Rail and we walked there and purchased rail tickets downtown, which was about a 40 minute ride. When we came back, we bought drinks in the lobby, which I just loved. It was very nice with couches and a fireplace and you just felt like you were at a friend's house having a drink. The bar tender poured a VERY good vodka and cranberry and we sat there and chilled out and watched TV for a while before heading up to bed. We had breakfast coupons and in the morning we headed down to breakfast, which was good.Even though there were a ton of people there for cruises, we didn't have to wait for a table. This was a very nice, clean hotel with a great location and amenities. The pool area was nice and clean and my husband loved the fitness center. All of the equipment was brand new, state of the art. I would recommend this property to anyone staying in the airport area. (It is hard for me to rate this hotel on value as I booked a travel agent rate which was 59.00, which is a great value for me...but I think if I had paid full price, I would have been satisfied)