When I read reviews I always wonder how like myself the writers are so: we are a husband, wife and four-year old: middle-aged professionals. We travel mainly to England, Florida and the Caribeaan. We loved this hotel. A fantastic value. Very close to everything and the staff were super helpful printing off maps and explaining the subway system. They were also great with our sometimes jet-lagged grumpy son. We enjoyed the breakfast--the coffee is fantastic. After reading other reviews we took our own soap, shampoo etc. but there was a dispenser in the shower we could have used. They do not provide face cloths (flannels for the British). We are completely techonologically challenged but after a few tries did not have too much difficulty with the door handles--maybe they have changed them. It was very clean, we felt very safe. They provided a roll out bed for our son. Beautiful bathroom in black slate. The room was not huge but perfectly adequate. No coffeemaker or fridge. TV got CCN and BBC news. No english kid shows. There was a hairdryer. We only ate breakfast there. I think they only offer snacks at other times but I did see another guest ordering in--the front desk has menus from local restaurants. The hotel gave us coupons for 5 euros off our breakfast each day on the one day we did not eat breakfast they took the 5 off our room bill. The alsatian restaurant recommeded by a previous traveller was great. The italian restuarant rec. by the hotel staff is fantastic. We also loved "hundert biers" restaurant. If travelling with children: we did not find many places that offered a children's menu or the toys/colouring pages we are used to in Canada--we took our own. Our son loved Lego land (I did,. too). Kindercity is similar to Toronto's Science Ctr. Kidspark--but not as good--and is mostly in german, so if you only speak English may not be a good deal. All the workshops: chocolate, cars etc etc are extra $, only in german and for 6yrs and up. He loved the rides at the Christmas markets. We are not big shoppers but we loved the atmosphere of the markets. We loved the story of Berlin museum, the Dom, the old masters art gallery. Were a bit disappointed with the zoo--prefer Toronto's.