I have travelled alot in my time to many different hotels as my job requires it. I stayed at this hotel for the new years 2011 and I was very impressed. We got a superior room, comes with a queen bed. The room is clean lines and neutral colours. The bed was very comfy, but the pillows were not that great, but I found out you can request a diff type one on the day I was leaving, I should of asked. The bathroom was a wow, huge shower with 2 shower heads and all glassed in. 2 sinks and 2 robes with slippers, lots of towels and nice bath products. Lots of space for unpacking, 2 closets, 1.5 dressers and kitchen cupboards. It had a kitchenette that came with a microwave, mini fridge, esspresso machine and kettle. I brought a toaster for toast in the morning and wished I had brought a coffee maker as there was not one there, you could not have reg coffee unless you ordered it was 10 dollars or went downstairs to cafe for a bit cheaper. Coffee was not that great, weak, so bring your own coffee maker and coffee if you can. They had plates, cutlery, mugs, glasses, all you really need for small meals. The hotel has a great outside hot tub, use it, it's big and nice to be outside. The pool was a tad bit cool, would of been nice to be a bit warmer and they had to great saunas and a lounge area. I liked the pool area and gym, was a bit different then most hotels. So the pool was good, hotel room good, but the best part was the service....wow, the bell boys were fantastic...we got there, they helped unload the car, brought the stuff to the room, parked the car and then went to get me some stuff that I forgot from it. when we were leaving we went to ask for a luggage holder, he brought it up, we filled it and he took it back and loaded the car for us before we even got down. The front desk was at our becking call and the maids were great. All in all it was a great stay...also in less then 5 min walk you are at all kinds of outside stores, restaurants, pubs, night clubs and to get on the highway was easy, the 720 was right there. great location, I will be back. Mind you it was almost 300 a night with taxes, parking and room...but you never have to park your own car it's all valet and same price as a standard hotel.