We stayed this past weekend (late October) at Hotel Le Crystal. For my husband's birthday I bought us tickets to see the Boston Bruins play in Montreal. The hotel is very close to the Bell Centre where the Canadiens play, so that is what attracted me to the hotel at first. However the reviews were so glowing on TripAdvisor that I booked us a King Superior room. I found that the rates directly through the hotel were the same as if I booked the room through one of the discount sites. I like to do that when I can, as I always think the hotels prefer when guests book through them. When booking, I asked for a higher floor, and they honored that when we checked in. The hotel is very chic and modern, and the staff is extremely helpful and warm. A lovely young woman named Amelie helped us upon check-in. She took out a map and was able to highlight a few things for us. She was a perfect hostess! The room itself was lovely. There was a separate seating area/kitchenette from the bedroom. The bathroom was quite large and there was a big soaking tub separate from the shower. I don't usually take a bath, but it was very tempting, so I ended up taking a bubble bath. The bed was very comfortable as well. All and all, I was very pleased with the value, location, comfort level, etc. My only regret is that I did not bring a swimsuit. The indoor pool and hot tub on the 12th floor looked amazing. There is a beautiful view of the city from the indoor pool as well as the outdoor hot tub! The location was great as well. We were a 1 min walk to the Bell Centre and if you go one block in the other direction, you hit St. Catherine's Street (lots of shopping and food). There were two great breakfast places nearby as well - M Cafe and Eggspectation. We found a lot of good food in Montreal. Before we left a friend told us to go to Schwartz's (need to take a cab from the hotel). Most locals know what it is - it is a deli that serves delicious smoked meat. A line forms outside of the place around lunch time, so we got there at 11:30 and made it in just before the line formed. You will want to order their famous smoked meat sandwich with mustard. We have heard that some wealthy New Yorkers even fly up to Montreal just to eat there! After lunch we walked around a lot in that area (many locals shopping around). St. Denis street is not too far and is a great street for shopping in unique stores and also stopping in at a chocolatier. One of my favorite stores was Arthur Quentin on St. Denis...beautiful cookware, dishes and home accessories!