We arrived with no trouble by taxi to find the hotel exterior reception portico was under some sort of brick street repair with no hotel staff to guide guests through the construction mess. Never having been there before we took this route into the hotel because this is where the taxi driver dropped us off. Had we realized we would have walked around to the front doors where no doorman is present but the doors do open automatically so with luggage you could have entered without any issues. You need to push the panel button on the post by the exterior front door to get the first set to open; the second set opens automatically. Upon exit both sets of doors open automatically..a nice touch for non staffed doorways. We walked up to the front desk with luggage in tow and there were at least 6 hotel desk employees all buried into their computer monitors and not one looked up to greet us. After about 2 minutes another employee arrived from another location and she warmly greeted us. The same employee helped us several times from the concierge desk later during our trip. She needs to be the hotels desk staff trainer. We waited long enough unacknowledged to feel very uncomfortable almost invisible. Ive read other reviews about the staff being indifferent so it must be absolutely true. They had a remarkable ability to ignore a hotel guest. The staff member who saved us from our wait was very lovely, helpful and friendly and almost made us forget the previous lack of acknowledgmentalmost. After check in, there was no offer to assist with luggage from the valet or bellman. We had two large rolling suitcases and two carry-on pieces so it wasnt an issue to handle it ourselves. We had made it this far but some assistance in figuring out the required card key-operated room lighting would have been nice and the very least a hotel can do is offer to assist with luggage. We were tired from the trip. If there are two of you traveling together and sharing a room, make sure to request two keys so if one person leaves the other is not left in the room with no lighting since the key (in our room anyway) had to be left in the slot in order for the lights to stay on and operate. You need your card key each time you use the up elevator to get to your floor, you need it to enter your room of course, and then again to allow switching on the room lighting. The trick is to leave your key in the slot in the room that controls the lighting panel and not just swipe it. Leave the card key in the slot inside the room door. Lighting in the room was more for romance and ambiance over reading. The floor lamp should have a higher wattage bulb for reading purposes and it could easily be moved around to other locations where a little extra lighting is necessary. We arrived at our room and everything immediately got better. The room was lovely. We had upgraded to a Deluxe suite in the reservation process and Im glad we did. It has a separate King bedroom with beautiful sliding frosted glass doors. The seating area, dining area entry way, and kitchenette are all nice indeed for the room price. Almost 700 square feet per the website and beautifully decorated with more closet, drawer and shelving storage than I have ever seen in a hotel room or apartment. The kitchenette is not meant for any sort of cooking or real meals. It is stocked with 4 dinner plates, 4 bread & butter plates, 4 of each kind of flatware, 4 placemats, 1 cereal/soup bowl, 1 salt/pepper grinder, and some assorted useless cooking utensils. There is no cooktop so it didnt make much sense to have cooking utensils. They need to add a corkscrew and bottle opener, cheese knife, and bread knife. The advertised refrigerator in every suite is filled with their mini bar items for sale so there is not much room left for your own purchases. If requested, they would probably rid the room of the food items for sale. I like to keep some milk in the room for my coffee. There were two pot holders and 1 dishtowel. There is a spacious in-room safe with a lit interior, wired or wireless internet access free of charge, an espresso machine, an electric kettle and a hidden microwave. We never had a loss of our internet connection. The glass turntable tray in the microwave was missing rendering it useless for an even heating process. It should be replaced. If you offer an appliance it needs to be in working order with all the necessary accessories. Having said that, the rooms are beautiful, clean (see grout comment) and comfortable. The sofa is plush and inviting. The club chairs are neither. I would have preferred one nice comfortable club chair over two hard uninviting and uncomfortable leather ones. The soaking tub and separate shower and bathroom amenities are absolutely fabulous. They need an extra blanket or some throws. The furry throws you see in all the other pictures were not existent in this suite nor were any extra blankets for the cold-natured. Asking for one would probably have easily solved the lack of one. There are no instructions for the espressos machine but it the type you insert the coffee capsule and the machine does the work. Fill the back basin with cold water, lift the lever on top, insert the coffee capsule, close the lever and put the espresso cup under the spout, press the button with the small cup or large cup and it instantly brews espresso into the provided glass espresso cups. Here is a tip for regular coffee drinkers, just make a cup of espresso and then pour it into one of the ceramic mugs and fill with boiling water from the electric kettle and you have a nice flavorful cup of regular coffee. There are no decaf choices and the creamers are all flavored so if you like plain milk or creamer you should buy some before your first morning as well as some sugar. They are skimpy on the sweeteners. Im sure just asking for some solves that issue as well. I ordered ice for the thermal stainless steel ice bucket and it arrived both times in just a few short minutes. The service in this hotel is good if you overlook our issue when we first arrived. Housekeeping stocks the room with plenty of plain and flavored tea bag choices for tea drinkers. Some plain instead of flavored creamers would have been nice to have. The concierge can point you to a nearby market that stocks everything you need about 5 blocks away from the hotel. Room service meals are expensive, no surprise there. Housekeeping will bring more of the espresso capsules upon request. The perfect solution would be for the hotel to include a French press in the kitchenette and some regular ground coffee. The in room thermostat is Celsius so do your conversions before you leave to calculate your favorite room temp if visiting from the USA. 21 Celsius is right at 70 in Fahrenheit if that helps. There is a dock for your iPhone, iPod or mp3 player with a universal plug-in adapter included so bring your tunes with you. Do not disturb is operated by pressing a button on a panel by the door. Housekeeping honors the do not disturb request. If you want maid service you have to request it before 4:30PM if you have left your do not disturb light on all morning. Housekeeping did a nice job of freshening the room daily except for our last night we seemed to be short of fresh towels as compared to the other days. The room was very clean and organized except for the shower and it had a lot of mold and mildew from a lack of detailed cleaning. Ive included pictures of the room as it was when we arrived. The Molton Brown bath products are a nice touch. Dont leave without soaking with the Dead Sea salt bath soak product included free of charge. It was very nice after a long day of walking the streets of Montreal. The rooms are quiet. You can open the windows for fresh air if you like. We checked out the hot tub (exterior) on the roof, the exercise room and the indoor salt water pool. We did not use them but I wish we had found the time to do so. The pool and hot tub are very nice and inviting. The exercise room is small but has several options for cardio and a nice universal weight machine allowing many exercise choices for toning and increasing your heart rate. The equipment appeared to be relatively new and in good working order. Overall this hotel is great. I will most definitely return. It is comfortable, clean and beautifully decorated from the lobby to the guestrooms. It is conveniently located for shopping and sightseeing. The Metro stops for the orange line and/or green line are just a couple of blocks away and the Metro is easy to navigate. Ask the concierge for a street map. We used it several times. You can purchase a 3-day Metro pass for fourteen dollars from the cash only machine. It appears as if you can use a credit card but it did not work for me. The attendant told me the machines are cash only. You do not need to speak French to enjoy Montreal. 90% of signs and menus are in both French and English and all the shopkeepers and desk staff appear to be bilingual and dont seem to mind switching to English for the tourists. Everyone we encountered was very friendly and accommodating. One of the many entrances to Montreals famous huge underground mall is just a few blocks from the hotel. My first impression was that this hotel was not going to be all that great. My lasting impression is that this hotel can offer a wonderful traveling experience and is a very nice place to stay for the business or tourist traveler. The hotel needs to do a little training on the housekeepers on the mold and mildew issue in room 905 and add a throw or blanket. Thanks Hotel Le Crystal for a lovely visit to Montreal. Our lovely room with our iPod tunes from home set the tone for the trip.