I travel quite a bit for work and leisure and often turn to TripAdvisor for recommendations, but have never felt so strongly about a hotel experience that I was motivated to write a review. I had such a great experience at Hotel Le Crystal in Montreal last week that I just joined TripAdvisor to encourage others to visit. This hotel is hands-down the best hotel that I have encountered in Montreal, and it may be one of my favorites in North America. When booking my trip to a conference in Montreal, I dreaded staying at one of the major-brand conference hotels because I've been to most of them and found them all mediocre - fine, but not memorable. Hotel Le Crystal was in a great location close to everything I needed so I decided it was worth a try. I am very pleased to have made that decision! The hotel lobby is gorgeous -- refined yet simple, with a feel closer to modern European boutique hotels that what you typically encounter in the U.S. or Canada. Check-in went very smoothly. Having arrived right after 3-4 other people, I was surprised at how quickly and efficiently the hotel staff assisted each guest. Additional staff appeared to help seemingly out of nowhere the moment they realized that there was a short line. I was checked in and headed up to my room less than 5 minutes after arrival. One of the first things you can't help but notice is that the room keys have smart chips in them, which are necessary for operating the elevators and for also running the lights, temperature, etc. in your room. Requiring key cards for the elevator is a nice security feature that I really appreciated as a woman travelling alone. The hotel key also plugs into a panel near the door, which has buttons to help you communicate with housekeeping (e.g., "do not disturb" and "please service room"). I've been in many hotels where housekeeping seems to do things at their own pace, regardless of what sign you hang outside your room but that wasn't the case here. I'm not sure if it's the electronic message panel or just a very alert housekeeping staff but either way, they serviced the room almost immediately after I set the "please service room" button each day. I stayed in an Urban Suite, which was just lovely. Having a suite with a kitchenette (including Nespresso maker), oversized bath (with a fabulous rain shower), separate bedroom (with sliding door and ample close space), and many business amenities included (internet, calls, printing) was such a treat compared to the average major-brand hotel. I was able to work effectively at the desk in the very cozy ergonomic chair or I could also sprawl on the couch to get some reading done. Every piece of furniture is actually comfortable, and makes the hotel experience feel so much more like home. I have gotten used to paying $12-15/day for internet access at many hotels and then often having the internet be very slow at that, so it was a wonderful surprise to find that the intenet was not only included but actually very fast and reliable. I can't help but say more about the kitchenette. I loved having a little refrigerator, microwave, and dishware in the room. I like to bring home leftovers from dinner and don't typically have the option of re-heating them later when travelling on business, so this was also a nice change. There's also a mini-bar and pantry available for any forgotten items but I'd just buy snacks and necessities while out in Montreal. The Nespresso maker was truly the selling point of the kitchenette, however. It was such a luxury to have cafe-quality expressos available to me each morning without having to go to Starbucks. I fell so in love with the Nespresso maker that I came home and purchased one. I fortunately brought my swim suit based upon the description of the saltwater pool on the 12th floor. If you stay at this hotel, you really MUST take advantage of the 12th floor pool, fitness, and sauna options available to you. I went swimming each evening and just enjoyed the view from the outdoor patio (and hot tub) area afterwards. I didn't have an opportunity to try the spa but plan to do so next time. I met a couple of colleagues from the conference in my hotel lobby one night and they remarked, "Wow -- this is your hotel?! I feel cheated!" I brought them up to the 12th floor so they could see the amenities and city view, and they then felt especially cheated by their non-Crystal hotel choices. My room ended up being less cost per night than the basic room in the conference hotels, even based upon their discounted rate. I loved my experience but do have two recommendations/comments for hotel management, and one suggestion for guests. One suggestion for management is to make certain that the housekeeping staff replace the coffee supply each day. They were great about coming in and servicing the room when requested, and they did a great job overall. I can only fault them for not replacing the Nespresso pods that I used. I prefer a specific flavor/robustness of coffee and used those pods first, but the housekeeping staff didn't provide any additional pods at all until my 3rd day. I hoped for new coffee each day but didn't receive it until there was nothing left but decaffeinated pods. I also phoned in a maintenance request immediately upon arrival because my safe was broken. I left the room for about 3 hours -- not able to leave any valuables behind in the meanwhile -- and expected it to be fixed upon return. However, nothing had been done. I called again and the operator sent someone within 5 minutes, and he was able to replace the battery and fix it within 10 min. or so. I just wish I hadn't had to call twice, especially over something like a safe, which required me to stay with my valuables until it was done. My recommendation for guests who want a quieter stay: Request a quiet room or a higher-level floor. I was on the 4th floor and overlooking Boul. Rene Levesque and it can get very loud on Fri. and Sat. nights (all night). The hotel's soundproofing is not very good. However, Sun. and Mon. night were much quieter and I slept better. I'll be requesting a higher-level floor and/or a quieter room next time. Despite these very minor issues, I love this hotel and will be returning. I've raved about it so much that I'm going back for a family fall holiday in Oct. and have already booked my new reservation. You can't go wrong with this hotel!