I don't think I've ever been so impressed with a hotel! Hotel Le Crystal exceeded any expectations that I have ever had about ANY accommodation ever!!! We booked this hotel incidentally on Hotwire since I was just going to a conference. We took the "deal" of a 5 star hotel for $130/nt and this is where we ended up with a 1 bedroom suite! What an incredible, unbelievable steal!!! This place is all about courteous service. I have several examples: When we arrived we couldn't seem to locate the front door. A gentleman in the hotel restaurant told us where the door was, but also quickly grabbed up our luggage and escorted us through the restaurant to the hotel. He ran off so quickly I couldn't even manage to get a tip out of my purse quickly enough to show my gratitude! I forgot my toothbrush and there was one in the room within 3 minutes. Actually, they brought 2! I got blisters from too much walking and there were bandaids in my room within 5 minutes. I wanted to ask a few questions about St. Joseph's Oratory and there was a fresh printout from their website at my door within about 10 minutes (amazing!). Whenever we needed a taxi, they made sure we had one - again, within minutes! They answered all of our questions about getting around the city and how to take the metro. They outlined things for us on maps. If they didn't know the answer to a question, they quickly found someone who did. We called to ask about a noise that was occurring early in the morning and they offerred a free upgrade (which we didn't take since we were already unpacked and plenty comfy) to a bigger suite or free breakfast - which was wonderful. They apologized up and down. Every request was met with courtesy, respect, and a smile. Nothing was an imposition. These people are so happy to do whatever you need. No matter what staffperson you ask for help, they immediately act on it. I asked a maid for the toothbrush, a waiter for directions, a restaurant employee where the door was, etc, outside of the front desk staff and concierge. Everyone is really on their toes! I also happen to be pregnant - not that many of these requests were in person. My point really is that I didn't feel like wearing dressy clothes or making up my face. I looked very casual by this hotel's standards - but they didn't treat me any differently. The hotel is gorgeous. The suites are very generous in space, including an enormous bathroom and shower. There are two flat screen tv's. The bed was super comfy. And EVERYTHING is within walking distance! If you don't feel like walking, the metro is one block away and it goes everywhere. The only issue was a very loud noise associated with the plumbing that occurred in the mornings - likely associated with people showering. It would often start around 6:30am and intermittently recur for about 1.5 hours. It is loud enough to wake you. One night it happened at 3am, which is when we called. Just amazing. Nothing short of it. I would go back and pay twice as much and still feel that I got a good value.