I visited the Crystal with my husband and young daughter, and with another couple. The hotel was unable to provide us with side-by-side rooms as we had requested, but we were just 4 doors apart and this was not an issue. Our room was beautiful -- as described by numerous other reviewers, they are all suites, with separate living and sleeping quarters. I'm a mattress snob and thought the mattresses at the Crystal were extremely comfortable. My daughter slept on the sofa bed, which (being just 3) didn't bother her at all -- for myself, my experiences lying on it when reading books at night were enough to convince me I wouldn't want to spend a whole night on it! (But again, I wouldn't book a hotel room planning to sleep on the sofa bed -- just be warned if you have picky sleepers who will be using it that it is like every other sofa bed they have ever met!) The bathroom, with the rainfall shower and the soaking tub, was perfect. I nixed the pool on the last day for my daughter, as I found the water temperature a bit cool and she was developing a cold -- and she was perfectly happy playing in the warm tub instead! The amenities in the kitchen were perfect, with a sink, plenty of space in the refrigerator for leftovers, and even a microwave and kettle (and toaster, I think). I don't drink coffee but if I did, would have loved the cappuccino maker in the rooms. My husband, who's a "regular coffee" guy, would have liked a coffee maker that made more than a demitasse at a time. The pool area was beautiful, filled with light from wrap-around windows, and much larger than I expected it to be. As stated, I would have liked the water temp to be a bit warmer, but my daughter certainly didn't mind it and my husband didn't seem to either. The outdoor hot tub was the biggest I have ever seen, and my only wish is that it, too, had been a bit warmer (and I'm a person who usually likes to keep the hot tub under 100). Being outside, and being Canada, the air was cool enough that a couple of extra degrees in the hot tub would have been much welcomed. The location of the hotel is perfect for shopping, and it is convenient to the Metro to go farther afield. Parking was convenient and the valet staff were all quick and courteous (just be aware that they will add $26/day to your bill for parking -- as most of the other hotels in the area do as well). On previous visits to Montreal we have stayed at the Hotel de la Montagne and at the Delta. The Crystal would seem to be a more expensive option but good deals were available and we would definitely choose the Crystal first for future visits, all things being equal.