We stayed at Hotel Le Crystal for a week recently, and our experience was so great we felt compelled to write this review! The hotel reception, hallways, and bedrooms were decorated beautifully. The room itself was massive - had a separate living room, bedroom, kitchen area, and a massive bathroom! I was truly very impressed with the set-up. The sofa in the living room was also a sofa-bed. The kitchen area came with a kettle, micowave, coffee machine, tea, coffee, cutlery, and plates. It came in very handy a couple of times when we decided to get takeaway and relax in the room for the evening. There were 2 large television sets (!) - one in the bedroom, and one in the living room. The mattress and pillows were super comfy - you'll feel 10 years younger waking up! The walk-in-shower had 2 different shower heads, with excellent water pressure, and a large vanity area. The free newspaper at your door each morning was a very nice touch. However, my absolute favourite bit of the hotel was the spa area on the 12th floor. It was open from 7am-9pm, and the use of the facilities were inclusive as part of your stay. The excellent facilities included a very large hot tub (still can't stop thinking about it!), large swimming pool, 2 saunas, towels, and recliner chairs. There were lockers in the changing room which made things even easier. There was also a gym that was open 24/7. The cleaner that was incharge of that area daily was amazing - i have never seen a man scrub and polish repeatedly with a smile! Germs had no chance! He left the area immaculate when he was done, and would keep coming back to check on it. The front desk staff were superbly helpful with everything, And the free internet stations downstairs came in handy as well. In terms of value for money - i think we got way above and beyond what we paid for. We visited the Hilton Metropole for a conference while staying here, and there was just no comparison!! Hotel Le Crystal blew it out the water - i'm very glad we chose to stay at Hotel Le Crystal. So, absolutely thrilled, and if i ever am in montreal again, will definitely stay here again. The location was excellent - everything was within walking distance. Getting to the hotel from the airport only cost $25 each. We took a coach service called L'Aerobus. You can buy tickets from the booth at the airport, and the coach takes you into the central bus station. From there, a free shuttle bus service will drop you off at Hotel Le Crystal. On the way back, just call them one day in advance to make a reservation for your seat back on the coach. Otherwise you can take a taxi, but will cost a lot more. My only dislike about the hotel was the restaurant, in that there were essentially no vegetarian options on the menu. As a result, we didn't have any meals in the hotel's restaurant. There was an amazing vegetarian restaurant within 7 minutes walking distance from the hotel called "Le Commensal" - which is a must go to for incredibly delicious, healthy, filling food. Finally, i think they should have supplied & supported a Canadian Brand of toiletries (shower gel, shampoo etc) instead of Molton Brown London products. We went to Canada to experience Canada, not to be reminded of london!! But, other than those 2 minor issues, it was just lush!! Would happily pay all over again for another stay. Seriously, forget the rest of the hotels in downtown montreal - this is the real gem!