My girlfriend and I just returned from our stay at Le Crystal. I spent a lot of time researching hotels in the city, and was surprised that this didn't make more 'best of lists'. I'm assuming this is the case because it is only a little over a year old. LOCATION -At first I thought we might want to be near old Montreal, but after walking through briefly, I understood why all of the natives frown on the area. I was considering Hotel Nelligan and am glad we opted for Le Crystal. Old Montreal is worth seeing, but it is filled exclusively with novelty tourist shops, a few restaurants, and obscure galleries. Lacks the charm of a Quincy Market in Boston, but was fun to walk through briefly. Le Crystal is right in the middle of downtown, great access to shopping and nightlife around the block, the arena across the street, and Le Queue de Cheval is literally across the parking lot. SERVICE -I originally requested an early check in to make the most of our stay, but this was not possible. Our trip did not get off to the best start, as we had to wait an hour and a half in the lobby. Needless to say, we were not pleased but didn't make any mention of this. When we were ready for check-in, they had upgraded us to the penthouse suite which definiely helped. The concierge was great as well, very personable and friendly. DINING We dined at La Coupole for brunch and really enjoyed ourselves. They featured an extensive buffet and everything was fresh and very good. ROOM -In terms of cleanliness, no complaints whatsoever. Given the room we stayed in, there were plenty of amenities. I really wanted a fireplace and the large tub. It would be nice if they had dimmers...plus, the bedroom lighting was a little lacking but the rooms were really as described. DVD player is only available upon request. Bathrooms are very spacious. The bed featured a very soft and comfortable Tempur-Pedic mattress and high quality linens. The kitchenette is definitely nice to have as well. POOL/OUTDOOR HOT TUB/SAUNA -Both were freezing, was really looking forward to spending more time in each and ended up using the tub which was much warmer. There are two saunas which are tiny, and can accommodate a couple per unit. The facility was great, just wish it was warm enough to make us want to stay and be comfortable. OVERALL My biggest complaint is that for the amount of money we spent, we didn't get to spend as much time to enjoy all of the amenities afforded to us. Would have really enjoyed the pool/hot tub more if they were heater but they were freezing. I really think that we found a great hotel there, and look forward to returning when it is not as busy. I don't think you will find another hotel with as many amenities, and the quality of the rooms and service was great. I think the W just seemed too modern and impersonal, and this was modern but warm, elegant, and classy.