As of booking for a July 2008 stay, Le Crystal was the newest hotel in Montreal. To my knowledge, the Quebec governments tourist bureau gives a 5 star rating to six to eight hotels/motels in Montreal. The Le Crystal correctly received a 5 star rating because the facility is outstanding, the rooms, as accurately shown on the hotel web site are palatial and luxuriously equipped while the staff aims to please and correct any problems. We want to specifically thank concierge Valerie for her assistance. Our deluxe suite had a living room, separate bedroom with safe and great dimmer controlled lighting (except in the bathroom), multiple closets that were as large as a room and an amazing bathroom of two sinks, double bathtub and a separate glass stall shower with multiple shower heads. The hotels outdoor hot tub on the 12th floor balcony provided a grand view and adjoins the pool and a small gym. There are new treadmills, cross training machines and other exercise equipment. We mention quibbles which should not take away from the general outstanding nature of the hotel. So please do not read these quibbles as major issues. For example and oddly, various suites and rooms have different facilities. One cannot discern the amenities at electronic booking. It appears to be hit or miss, as stated by hotel staff, whether a suite/room has an electric stove or not in the kitchenette, has a tub or not (double sized and deep to fit two), has a balcony or not, has multiple closets or not (all suites/rooms have ample closet space). Concierge Valerie helped visit rooms and pick an available another suite with both the tub and a kitchen with stove. The restaurant seemed to be training kitchen and wait staff as well as still underdevelopment. The food and wine lists are promising Live jazz at night would have been nice, especially during the week of the Montreal Jazz Festival. Le Crystal provided the highest quality and numerous soaps, lotions, towels, bedding, blankets etc. that some guests asked to purchase to take home during our stay. However and maybe because of confusion from the plethora of luxury, it was hit or miss if we got replacements for some finished bath salts, some soap etc. While all suites/rooms have one or two H.D. TVs, we could not get one of the few available DVD players. The DVD players were assigned to other guests. We were told to wait for a return that did not happen in the six nights we stayed. (Neither could we get simple wires to connect our lap top to the HD TVs.) Such seems silly when suites retail for $300 to $500+. Yet, better to have spent time sharing the amazing tub and out on the town than watching movies. Another review griped about the bathroom lighting. Yes, it would have been nicer to dim the bathroom lights for a romantic soak in the amazing bath. Such would be a slight quibble given the luxury of the overall suite. Le Crystal is close to the Montreal Art Museum that merits a visit. The location i near two Metro (subway) stops in a corporate center part of town. However, a brief walk or ride probably is required for most tourist stops. Yes, we hope to stay again at Le Crystal Hotel.