I found this hotel using tripadvisor.com and after staying there, all I can say is, what a wonderful find. It ranks up there with Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton properties you'll find in the US. By the way, there is a Rtiz in Montreal and it is horrible - it is not a "real" Ritz and not affiliated with the real brand, avoid it if you can. I originally planned on staying there until I found out about the Crystal. The Crystal hotel is located right in the heart of Montreal, within walking distance to tons of shopping, across the street from the Bell Centre and blocks from the famous restaurant/club district. Upon arrival we we warmly greeted by the professional and helpful staff. From the moment we arrived and throughout our 5 night stay, we were impressed by the decor, amenities and staff. The room had both high speed and wired complimentary internet, two flat screen TVs, large bathroom, high end coffee/expresso machine, microwave, refrigerator and separate bedroom and sitting area. The gym was nice and had great views of the Bell Centre - plenty of equipment and very up to date. They have an outdoor area with a hot tub - their pool is saltwater and located indoors, adjacent to the hot tub area, separated by a glass wall. All of the exercise areas are located near a full service Spa, which is actually independent of the hotel - my wife used the spa extensively and had a great experience. Our stay at the Crystal and Montreal was made even more special with the help of the hotel's awesome Concierge staff - Valery was awesome, she provided great dining, nightlife and shopping recommendations, even getting us on guest lists for hard to get into nightclubs (and reservations at the happening eateries). What I really appreciated is that she provided genuine feedback on where to go and where to avoid - unlike many other experiences with concierges, which I've found send you to standard tourist traps where they get free dinners and benefits (commission) for themselves, in return for referring business. To sum it up, this place is awesome and a great value as well - the rates on their website are very reasonable and you won't find a nicer place at a better price in Montreal. If you have a Platinum AMEX Card and use them to for the reservation, you might save 5%, but that's about it.