This condo/hotel should be completed by March 31, 2008. Spa/pool on 12 floor has wall of windows for natural light but view is of parking lots and roof tops. The deck will have 4-season access to a hot tub and view of Mount Royal. Very nice. There is an exercise room with cardio and weight machines. Floor 11 is a half floor owing to the pool on the floor above. That said, rooms on this floor offer guests a large balcony. Floors 4-10 Rooms: x04 are king sized suites with large sitting area, (pull out sofa, coffee table, two leather seats and 32" plasma tv), small desk, glass table and 4 chairs. Wet bar, excellent espresso maker and mini bar. Bed room has sliding smoked glass doors with its own tv. Bathroom has separate tub/rain shower, double sinks and Molton Brown toiletries. The room and hotel utilize contemporary styling (stone, stainless steel fittings and white oversized subway tiles in bath) but is very warm and comfortable. Rooms x08 are corner rooms with a rounded sitting area providing dramatic light. Same amenities as above in this very attractive King sized beds, offering a hotplate built into the wet bar and dining table for six. Room x10 are the smallest and be joined together with Room x11 for a two room suite by closing an outer door to the hallway. Room x11 has the same amenities as x04 but have fire place with a flat screen tv mounted to the wall above, a hot plate and a small balcony facing southwest along Blvd. Rene Levesque. Rooms x01, X02, x17 and x18 can be joined together by closing a common door. Room x02 has a small balcony and a view west up Rue de la Montagne of Parc du Mont Royal. The balconies are convenient to smokers because all the rooms are non smoking. The concierge, Luc Lavoie, a member of Les Clefs d'Or, will arrange for catering from any restaurant in town if you wish to entertain in your suite or simply dine in alone. He'll also stock your room with milk and oj for the kids if you call before you arrive. He also has DVD players and a few video disks for kids. It is conveniently located to downtown the Bell Centre and Crescent Street and all its restaurants. La Queue de Cheval, offering premium, dry aged steaks is a block away.