My family and I had been saving money for the last several years in order to take the kids to Disney. So I literally spent months reading reviews on tripadvisior about hotels. Once I had it narrowed down, I even took it one step further and called the local police department to see if these hotels were safe and if they were in a good area. This is why we decided to take a chance on the Destiny Palms Hotel. Coming all the way from Petersburg, IL, I was a little wary of some of the reviews I had read. But overall Destiny Palms didnt scare me like some of the others did and in the end I was SO glad I picked the right hotel. We stayed in Rm 310 from March 14th to March 26th 2012. Out the door, taxes, fees it was $753.67- to me one hell of a bargain for everything we got!! PROS of the hotel: ALAN was GREAT (the general manager)!! He went above and beyond to ensure our stay was pleasant. Having free breakfast everyday, having one less meal to make. My kids loved it!! (and they are all picky eaters). The outdoor pool was clean. Alan would even let my kids swim later at night as long as I was there with them. Having an on-site laundry was a blessing- I did so much laundry I was thankful we didnt have to go to a laundromat. They have a computer in the lobby you can use free of charge. The room was clean!!! Housekeeping was OUTSTANDING- they did a great job each and everyday. The kids wrote thank you notes that I know they really appreciated. The shower was big. There were four of us staying in the room and it wasnt cramped like I thought it would be. The refrigerator helped saved us alot of money. NO BUGS!!! The bed was comfortable. WE WERE SAFE!! Great location. We were 5 minutes from Disney and 20 from Universal. Loved the McDonalds right by it. And best of all, the room was modern. CONS of the Hotel: the ladies that worked the front desk were not very pleasant. They were not friendly and their customer service skills need much improvement. What they lacked the male staff made up for. The continental cereal says a name brand- when in fact they used a generic brand. Upon arriving there were black hairs on the toliet. The room was a little dusty. The smoke alarm went off in the middle of the night and made a loud beeping sound-the battery was eventually changed. At times the hotel does have a weird smell to it. The sheets were not form fitting. The refrigerator temperature could have been colder.