I stayed here last August with my two young sons (6 and 4) for 4 nights until my husband could meet us in Orlando for vacation. The staff is exceptional. Even though I was alone with two young children I felt completely safe and at home in this hotel.The room was more than adequate for the 3 of us, however if my husband had stayed with us we would have been a bit cramped. The free breakfast is great. Having a refrigerator and toaster oven in the room was very convenient. The room was updated, very clean and the bathroom a bit small, but updated and clean. The exceptional friendliness of the front desk, manager and general manager truly make this small hotel shine. On the day I was to check out my youngest son was ill and the general manager encouraged me to stay as long as we needed until he felt better without charge. This may have been just a few hours, but it was very much appreciated. The hotel is a small warm and very friendly place to stay. I found it convenient to Disney- very close to the Animal Kingdom and centrally located. Traveling alone with 2 young boys I liked the location. The value of the hotel can't be beat. I paid about $175 for 4 nights with our taxes and including a free breakfast everyday for all 3 of us. I would not have any problem recommending this hotel to any one looking for an unbeatable value without having to sacrifice in cleanliness, safety or convenience. When going to Disney if you are just staying for a few days or just looking for a place to rest this place can't be beat. I have stayed in some very nice hotels and didn't receive the service that I did here. I have checked into hotels and left because they were dirty or didn't feel safe even if it was only going to be for a night-that is not the case here. If I had to compare the hotel to a chain I would consider this to be very similiar to a Radisson on a smaller scale, but with more personal service. For the price I can't see how anyone could complain especially when visiting Disney-we just used the hotel to sleep in and have breakfast because we were so busy seeing all the attractions which is what we were there to see- Disney .If you need any information about the area attractions, recommendations for food or anything else the general manager and manager are very knowledgable and personable.