We choose this hotel purely based on the reviews we saw on Trip-advisor. And that was one of the best decisions weve made for our entire trip of two week stay in Orlando. On our very late arrival from Potomac - Maryland, we were greeted by smiling and courteous Tony at the front desk. And the room was somewhat compact yet very clean with great mattress, lots of lights, all new furniture, drapes, and comforter, flat screen TV, microwave, small fridge and larger than average shower cubicle. The air conditioning worked perfectly with an individual thermostat. And we did accessed wireless internet from our room on the second floor without a trouble. Although 1800hotels. com offers two booking options of hot breakfast and continental breakfast with the rooms with different pricing, the hotel only offers continental breakfast. According to Alan  General Manager, the hotel never offered hot breakfast to their guests at all. However the continental breakfast had good variety of food and they had 24 hour tea/coffee available in the dining area too. If youre planning to maximize your days at the Disney parks and if you were to have children in your group, having this free breakfast option is a super value for money. And you always have the option of going for All you can eat breakfast buffets within few blocks from the hotel at $3.99 per person. Alan  the general manager was friendly and helpful (although he doesnt smile as much as the other staff members do !!). And both Eddy and Pricilla are generously courteous and extremely accommodating. And in Chuck, they have a live-in mobile Disneyworld & Orlando encyclopedia with them !!!. He is unbelievably knowledgeable about the whole set up of Disney World and other surrounding theme parks plus Kennedy space center. Even though we pre-planned our two week Orlando stay in great detail, Chucks expert knowledge was extremely useful in getting around any bottle necks or finding good places to eat or advice on what we must not miss during our stay. And Chuck goes that extra mile to make sure every guest feels important and welcome at this place. What official role he plays in this hotel is not clearly displayed anywhere, but trust me, he is great asset to this place and to everyone who stays there. The hotel is a short drive to Disney world theme parks and about a 45 minute drive to Kennedy space center. If you pre-book, the rent-a-cars are fairly reasonable at around $15.00 per day. It is advisable to rent a car which could save you lots of travel time, especially if youre into park hopping. And it can also be useful in getting back to your hotel at 2:00 in the morning on the days when the Magic Kingdom closes at 1:00 in the morning..!! Destiny Palm Hotel is unbelievable for $31.00 a night!! Staff is so friendly that we felt like we lived here before. And are we going to stay here again? Of course were, on our next trip to Orlando. And can we recommend this hotel to anyone? Most certainly to anyone who want to stay in a comfortable, clean and most importantly economical hotel which could make you feel welcome.