My wife and I visited Secrets for the first time from March 14th-20th. This was our eigth trip to the Riveria Maya. The last three years we've stayed at the Excellence Riveria Cancun. We wanted to try a new resort, one that was a little closer to Playa Del Carmen. We picked Secrets based on the reviews here. We were a little apprehensive to change as we LOVED our trips to ERC. From the minute we arrived at Secrets, however we were not disappointed, though there were a few minor annoyances. I'll break down the pros and cons: PROS: Service: Hands down the best service we've had in Cancun/Riveria Maya. Beats ERC and that is no small feat. From the concierge to the restuarants to the beach, service was attentive and friendly. A HUGE shout out to Alejandro at the beach beds. This guy was fantastic! Carlos our concierge in Bldg 26 was great too. Restaurants: Overall, quite good. Italian, Asian and Mexican restuarants were our favs. Beach: Very well maintained. Loved the beach beds. Rooms: Clean, beds firm but not too hard. Great view from room 2630 Spa: Messages were great! Nice facility. Main Lounge Bar: Very comfortable with great non-watered down drinks...I mean it. CONS: Rewards Club: Not a timeshare, but similar. We had a $400 resort credit. As stated in other reviews, these were coupons. To get them, you needed to meet with the hospitality desk. Yes, we received a short sales job, but after I told him I had absolutely no interest in the offer, he back down as was not pushy in the least. We received our coupons and were free to go. Another couple we met, however, didn't have quite as brief a pitch, and ended up listening to a 90 minute presentation, but you just need to be frank and direct with them and they'll back off. Not the best way to start things off, but again it was brief. Spa: We used $160 of the coupons for our messages, which helped, as the messages were rather expensive. The only issue I had here was that in the middle of my message, the masseuse whispered that I had a lot of knots in my back and that she had a gel that would help get rid of them....for $20. I wasn't expecting that in the middle of my relaxing message. Just a bit annoying. Entertainment: We saw Zoomanity. Hmmmm....interesting. Kind of a cirque du kinky. Not the worst I've seen...not the best. These cons were minor overall. If you want to just relax or be active, this was a great place to go. Highly recommended!