We stayed at SMB 02-18-12 through 02-25-12. We had an Ocean view room, 4th floor, with the Preferred Club. My wife and I have traveled 13 times to Mexico/RM and Dominican Republic, Spain, Italy, visited most of Europe and Greece, we are not novice travelers. I recently read reviews about the resort and am a bit confused regarding some of the comments and concerns.................... I believe that some of the "reviewers" stayed at a different resort than SMB. The service at the restaurants, pool and bars was above outstanding. Our concierge (Carlos, Building 26) took care of our every need in a friendly and speedy manner. The food was second to none that I have experienced (includes dining at several 4-5 star restaurants in Paris, Madrid, Athens, Rome, Milan and many others,). I heard complaints that the portions were small, not so. With an appetizer, main course, bread, wine and dessert the meals were filling. The breakfast was the only buffet, which was very good. If anyone wants to pig out til you puke, stay home an visit an all you can eat grease pit buffet. The French restaurant (visited 3 times) was top of the line (server Hector was excellent, friendly, yet, very professional). The esgargot were the best I've ever had. Filet was great. Good bread and desserts. The Japanese restaurant was also way above average. The sushi was fresh and delicious, the fish we had was great. As always, service was outstanding. The Italian restaurant was unique and offered some "different" dishes rather that the old boring spaghetti with red sauce. I did not meet any of the "loud mouthed Americans" referred to in one review. Of course being American I'm probably used to them. Did run into a couple of overbearing/demanding Brits, not surprised, there's always a couple. We (my wife and I) have voted this one of the top 2 resorts we've visited. If someone was upset with restaurants, grounds, room, service or people I would like to recommend they save their money and stay home because if SMB could not make them happy, then no resort will ever make them happy. This is an A++++++ Resort, congrats Secrets. We will return. FishInc and Becky