This was our first time in the Yucatan Peninsula. Beautiful place, beautiful people, we felt home straight away. My best friend and I were on a girls getaway trip, we travelled from London and stayed in Secrets Maroma for 2 weeks (25th feb- 10th march). Arrival: We had booked a transport from the airport to the resort via Amstar. Yes, our van was a little late but as soon as we got out of the airport, their staff were around to keep us informed and our driver was so friendly that, 5 minutes in, and the wait and the 11hours flight were long forgotten. A few reviews mention that bumpy, dusty road that leads to Secrets Maroma. Its true, the first bit is bumpy but it only lasts a few minutes. Look around instead! Youre in the middle of a very dense if low vegetation, it is actually quite impressive to be able to drive through and it all clears up when you arrive at the resort. A very smiling bellboy will welcome you and will ask you to not worry about your luggage. Actually, from this moment on, you wont have to worry about anything but yourself! You enter the lobby and cant escape the wow factor. Nothing flashy, its simply beautiful. A fresh towel, a glass of champagne and a lovely Lucia made our check in pleasant, easy and super fast. The bellboy showed us our room and our luggage followed a few minutes later. Room/Hotel: We had booked a junior suite with partial ocean view, which is the basic room at Secrets Maroma. I wish the basic rooms I have been staying in had been that fabulous in every single 5 stars hotel I went to! We were on floor 2 and we couldnt see the ocean at all but the view of the gardens made up for it. A very large room with two big comfy beds, a very roomy bathroom with double Jacuzzi, shower and for him-for her sinks (and speakers so you can keep on listening to your tv prog or music), a dining area, a desk and a very nice balcony. Youll even have your very own coffee machine, ipod dock or dvd player. Everything was spotless and we found out later that a maid would come twice a day to refresh our room and that the mini bar guy would pass by to make sure you dont miss anything (special requests welcome). If you dont want to be disturbed, you turn on a red light at your door and they will respect your privacy. If they have anything for you, theyll leave it in your secret box. It cant be better organised. Go meet your concierge! He/she will be your personal assistant during your stay and will help you with anything. We were in building 22 and we met Romina, the most efficient assistant you can dream of. She was full of tips and advices and has been looking after us with style, care and kindness. The two little things that went wrong in our room (broken air con and locked safe) were dealt with and fixed in a matter of minutes. The next morning of our arrival, as we were jetlagged, we went to watch the sunrise on the beach (well worth it!) and had a very early walk around the resort. We both had massive grins on and they got bigger and bigger as we discovered our environment. Gardens, paths, pools, outdoors Jacuzzis, beach, everything looked amazing. There were birds singing, friendly wild animals eating, iguanas sunbathing and us. Restaurants, food and drinks You will be able to choose from French, Italian, Mexican or Asian cuisine, sea food or meat grills, a caf (Starbucks style) and a giant buffet. No booking needed. This means you can make up your mind last minute. Very, very convenient. In 2 weeks, weve been waiting once only, thirty minutes, to go and eat at the French restaurant, the Bordeaux. They estimate your waiting time, they give you a beeper and you can go and enjoy a cocktail in the lobby bar just aside in the meanwhile. Youre on holidays, I think its more than okay. I had read very mixed comments about the food so I was ready for average at best. The food is not average. The food is delicious and tasty, varied, fresh and very well presented, wherever you go. And you have about a thousand options in the world caf for your breakfast or lunch. In a restaurant, if you hesitate between two courses, they will bring you a bit of the 2 or even the 2 courses, if you are hungry. They want you to discover and taste as much as you can. The staff is outstanding. They will do anything to make you happy. We honestly felt like princesses. A massive thank you to William (Portofino) for being such a friendly, funny and yet professional waiter and to Freddy at the World Caf. The drinks dont disappoint either. Top shelf spirits, beautiful presentation. They have a drink of the day (alcoholic or not) for you to get inspired by but try their lychee martinis, theyre gorgeous. If you want to taste something totally new, ask to swap the gin for the very local Xtabentun (Chtabentoon), a delightful Mayan liqueur made from honey extracted from xtabentun flowers that grow only in the Yucatan peninsula and distilled with anise seed and rum. Nelvia, our lovely waitress from the lobby bar, will exactly know what youre talking about and will probably remember us, as it became our usual option of the evening. Pool/Beach Some reviews mention that you have to walk quite a bit to reach the beach if youre by the main building. Our block was the first one, so the furthest of the beach and it was a 2 minutes walk. Very doable. Plus, look at the bright side, it means youre very close of the front desk or most of the restaurants.. What I mean is, this is a charming small resort, so no matter where you stay, you will never be far of anything. There are two beautiful pools. The infinity pool is quieter and fresher. The fun pool welcomes some activities, has a swim up bar and is heated. Your choice to make. You wont be able to leave your bag/hats on a chair and go away for more than 30 minutes. They want the first arrived/first served policy to be respected. It might look a bit strict but it actually gives you a chance to find a spot by the pools, even if you get there late. At noon, they open a walk in grill just aside the fun pool so you can stay around and eat on your long chairs. The restaurants chefs also come round with large trays of canaps or samples of their cuisine. We never felt thirsty! The pool/beach staff does a wonderful job and come back to you on a regular basis to ask if you need anything. I have seen people who tipped, I have seen people who didnt tip, and seriously I never noticed a difference in the service provided. I am not talking about the pool/beach area only. This comment applies to the different sections (bars, restaurants, bellboys, maids, concierges). Now, please, do tip the staff. It is only fair considering how well they take care of you and how good, friendly and efficient their service is. You would do it home and they make their best to make you feel like home, so The beach is stunning. If theres a red flag on, take a walk on the right hand side when you face the ocean. Theres no other resort that way. Only a small chapel, a temple, an abandoned hacienda, the jungle and miles of soft white sand and clear blue waters. Truly beautiful. Entertainment/Shows Every evening our maid would leave the program and the weather forecast of the next day in our room. That way, we always knew what the entertainments team had planned for us, what special show will be on in the evening, if a movie will be screened, which restaurants will be open, This was a mine of information for us to organise our day. The activities offered are great and youll surely find something you like as it goes from yoga to kayak via bike tours, tennis, Spanish lessons, tequila tasting, darts, boats races, beach or pool volley ball, dance lessons, beach soccer, cooking or cocktails lessons and the list goes on. The entertainment team is simply excellent. They will try to get you on board but theyll never be pushy. Theyre all charming, lovely, funny, interesting and very entertaining people. Dont be afraid to try something new, everything will be done to put you at ease and youll have lots of fun. The pool volley ball is a must! Miguel the Mexican chocolate, Jacquelin, Jesus Banana, Alfredo, you guys are fab. Omar, youre the best! The evening/night shows are also quite impressive and professional. Again, lots to pick up from. We loved the Mexican fiesta with the Mariachis and the Zumanity show. Oh and the live rock band at the Desire Club put down very good classics and got us dancing around like fools. A night to remember! When we were up for quieter evenings, we would sit at the terrace of the lobby bar and listen to the gentle live music or we would go for a giant chess game in front of the Sugar Reef bar or would sway in a hammock watching the stars, realising how lucky we were to be in this little piece of paradise. Excursions At Secrets Maroma, you will be at a reasonable distance of all the fun out there. We went to Tulum, Coba, Xitchen Itza and Valladolid. We went horse back riding, we swam with dolphins. We shopped in Playa del Carmen Each excursion was booked directly at the hotel with the very lovely Manuelo of Amstar. Convenient and easy, you can usually book for the next day. We loved every bit of it. If you have to pick one only, Id suggest you go to Xitchen Itza. It is a very impressive mayan site, one of the seven wonders of the world. Theres so much to see! It is a bit long to get there but you cant regret it. Each time we came back to Secrets Maroma from a day/morning out, we were received by a pretty sweet welcome back home. And guess what? We felt like we were back home. Yes it was our first time in Yucatan but it wont be our last. As Omar told us, we brought back a piece of Mexico with us but we also left a bit of our hearts there. So, dont tell anyone but were already planning our next trip there. And yes, Secrets Maroma will be our home once again. Without the slightest hesitation. Thank you again for a fantastic and unforgettable time. Its been OUR pleasure! Go! Your only regret will be to leave the place far too early...