We have just booked Secrets Maroma Beach for our honeymoon. This will be our third visit in less than a year! On our initial trip, we were full of trepidation as we were quite concerned about the 'All Inclusive' type of holiday; and this was to be our first. We were particularly worried about the lack of restaraunt choice associated with this type of holiday as we were more accustomed to holidaying in wonderful destinations like Mauritius, Monaco, Thailand and Dubai. We had nothing to worry about. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted and swiftly checked in to our amazing room. Although our room was their 'bottom rung' jungle view suite, we were impressed by the layout, decor and comfort - easily matching Al Qasr in Dubai. Our first evening provided us an insight to what was to come. We ate in the French restaurant and couldn't believe the quality of both food and service. We knew then that we were in for an amazing fortnight. The following day we made our way to the poolside, after a plentiful breakfast, and enjoyed a lazy day soaking up the atmosphere. Thoughout the day there were numerous activities to enjoy, hosted by the entertainments team. Friendly (but competitive) games of football, volleyball and tequila darts were but a few to mention, to pass the time under the glorious sun. We often took strolls along the powder white sands of the beach before indulging in a couple of the many cocktails happily prepared at the pool bar. No need to move for lunch as this was provided by the waiting staff at your lounger - or you could wander into the poolside restaurant. After enjoying the a la carte dinner, available in each restaurant, we headed most nights to the theatre where we were regularly entertained by a variety of shows. All of them were hugely enjoyable and surprisingly professional. A nightcap in the nightclub Desires finished off an exceptionally well rounded off day. This format continued throughout our holiday, although we peppered it with the occasional excursion. Regardless of where we went, we were always looking forward to returning 'home' to Secrets Maroma. I urge anyone who is considering a trip to the Carribean to put Secrets Maroma to the top of their list. You will not be disappointed. Truly Heaven on Earth. I'd like to give a special mention to several staff members. Alex, Miguel, Alfredo, Jesus and Gerry from the Entertainments team became firm friends and ensured we were well looked after. Our favourite waiters were Pablo and Freddy - however they simply shone slightly brighter than their colleagues - all of whom made our stay exceptional. My advice is simply this - go and find out for yourself. You'll love it.