I wont go into great depth and repeat what other reviewers have said, other than to say all of the good reviews are absolutely true. The food quality is excellent, the hotel clean and the whole hotel is absolutely brilliant. One of the outstanding qualities of this resort is the staff. They perfectly balance friendliness with outstanding professionalism and service. Also the hotel management seem to think of everything to make your stay perfect. Just to emphasize how clean the hotel is, our first night I managed to get water all over the bathroom floor which I soaked up with one of the white towels, even into the corners of the bathroom. After this the towel was still as white as before I had started. We never had any issues with getting a bed by the pool or beach at any time of the day. While we were there, there was a business convention with 500 delegates. The thought of this filled me with dread but this also was managed extremely well. The delegates had their own buffet style evening meals in parts of the hotel not used during the evening so this really didnt have any impact on the holiday at all, or in getting a table at any of the restaurants. Again I think the hotel should be commended for such good organization. We went on two excursions while in Mexico, Chichen Itza and a combined Tulum/Xel-Ha. Both of which I can thoroughly recommend. Chichen Itza was about a 3 hour coach ride each way but I believe it was well worth it. It was really worth going around with our guide and discovering all of the history of the place. To address a couple of the negative points I saw while reading the reviews, the poor road condition on the driveway up to the hotel, in my opinion isnt really that bad. As mentioned we went on a couple of excursions while we were there and there were a number of hotels that we picked up from that had roads approaching them that were far, far worse than the one approaching the Secrets Maroma. Also we did get bitten a few times by mosquitos but they didnt seem to be as irritating as some of the places we have visited before such as south Florida. That being said we didnt go in the height of mosquito season. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel as the quality and attention to detail are second to none. We would like to say a special thank you to Roger who was our building concierge (building 16) who was one of the most friendly and professional people we met at the resort, and that is saying something as all the staff are amazing.