My husband and I went to Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB) with another couple for some much-needed rest and relaxation. After 5 wonderful nights, we didn't want to leave, and certainly were well-rested. Based on other reviews, we arranged a shuttle through USA Transfer for $80 round-trip. This was a smooth process. Our friends just hopped a cab at the air-port for $25 and had no complaints. Check-in was easy, and we avoided the time-share talk quite easily. We never felt pressured by them. The resort was great about allowing us to be in the same building as our friends, and we had swim-out suites 5 doors down from each other. Every day after our pool or beach time was over, we'd meet back in our swim-out pool for more Coronitas and some room service. The service was great at this resort also. Housekeeping each day and the turn-down service were fantastic. Please tip these workers, as they do a good job. Our waitstaff was also good at all of the restaurants. Our favorite was probably the Japanese steakhouse, followed by the Italian. My favorite meal of the day was the poolside bar and grill. The grilled mahi was to die for and the fresh fruit was so good! I also liked the taco cart that came around poolside one day. Mmmmmm. The breakfast buffet was also super delicious, with lots of healthy (and not-so-healthy) choices. I appreciated the variety. Drinks were always plentiful and flowing. I'm a bit of a vodka snob, and liked that they served top-shelf liquors. The only two downsides I could see to this resort is if you're looking for wild nightlife, as it gets fairly quiet after 9:30pm. The "disco" was open late, but several nights our group of four was almost alone in the dance club. We did take a taxi into Playa del Carmen one night, and had fun at the Blue Parrot as well as Mandala, the dance club on the corner. Another bummer were the amount of mosquitoes. As long as I covered myself in OFF, I was fine...but those little bugs found each inch of my body that was not covered. We also were there in November, which could have contributed to the large amount of mosquitoes. Our favorite day at SMB was the day we rented the beach bed. WELL WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY. I could have died happy this day. The weather was perfect, my friend and I read books most of the day while our husbands played beach volleyball, music on the Bose sound dock, and never-ending drinks. Ahhhh! Do explore a bit and go to the right of SMB (if you're looking at the ocean, walk to the right) about 5 minutes (before the light house) and go check out that deserted hacienda. Very creepy and cool. I enjoyed how SMB it literally next to nothing on the right. I ran one day several miles on the beach without coming to another resort. Plus, the beach and water are simply gorgeous. All in all, it was a fabulous trip. I kept saying, "I can't believe this is an all-inclusive!" it was so nice. Well done, Secrets Maroma Beach. You'll certainly see us again.