Such a beautiful resort and perfect beach. Secrets Maroma gave us an amazing first impression and lasting impression. We were promptly greeted and seated to check-in where we were provided with Champagne, a cold towel, a flower, and offered cookies and apples. We were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was upgraded at no additional charge and without even the need to ask! They said it's common to get an upgrade if they aren't at full capacity. We lucked out with the gorgeous and I mean GORGEOUS swim-up suite. We used this semi-private pool (you share with about 6 others) for a short while each day to get relaxation before heading to the main pools to mingle. Even if you don't use your swim-up pool, the ambiance is so nice. Granted, you don't get a view of the beach, but if you plan to be on the beach all day anyway you'll see plenty of it then, and not having to use stairs or and elevator is great too:) Customer service was top notch, and every "You're welcome", "It's a pleasure", etc. seemed truly genuine. All staff we met were happy, and there are plenty of staff available at your whim, most alwaysonly issue I had was a few times at the bars near the pool it was hard to get servedthe beach bar, however, was never an issue. We never had to lift a finger for even a beach towel if we didn't want to, and sometimes never had to leave the pool for food! Servers would swing by the pool with pizza, tacos, tamales, etc. for snacking. Food was great everywhere. My personal favorites are Oceana (mostly for the atmosphere, but food was wonderful too. Get the Sea bass! Yum!) and Himatsu (for both atmosphere and amazing food. Love the steak). Although everyone we spoke with had different favorites, including my husband. He liked Borduex for the steak, and we both enjoyed the escargot appetizer even though were both the type that think the idea of snails is more gross than a delicacychanged our minds though! We never tried El Patio or Seaside. Oh and I must mention Barefoot Grill for lunch. They had many options for being just a small buffet style grill by the pool. Silly to mention, but the fries were delicious and I'm not a fry person. Although, I think I was the only person diggin in to them, LOL. Ribs, tacos, fajitas, etc. of course were all good as well. And there was always a plethora of their amazing guacamole. Be warned of all salsa besides the pico de gayo. We like our salsa super spicy, or so we thought! Its a burn that lasts a long while! For breakfast we preferred Room Service. It was always brought promptly and perfectly, and placed in our "secrets" box if preferred. Note for those on the 1st floor. Once done eating, place plates back in Secrets box immediately or the ants will come marching in quick! Made the mistake once, but once the food was removed they went away. Oh and Im not so sure on the sushi. Tried it at Himatsu and it was good, but nothing like youd normally get. Id say sushis one type of food that is only good at Japanese Restaurants, but thats just me. Bring after bite because even with good bug spray I got a few mosquito bites which are never pleasant. Take the time to get out in the beautiful ocean water. It seems slightly cool at first but I promise it's to die for once you get in. You can walk out far and still be waist high. My best time was swimming in the ocean. Just like a dream! So peaceful. Surprisingly most almost no one went in the ocean. I couldnt believe it! Don't make that mistake! One final thing. Do the Adventure Photos session. It's free no obligation professional photos (like on a cruise ship). When we went (only a week ago) pictures were $15 a piece. Which is pricey, but so worth it! And not to bad if you only get 2 or so. Ours came out amazing and showed the true beauty of the beach that I just couldnt quite get on my camera. A plus is they are not pushy at all! Ok I lied...on more final thing, LOL. We met three seperate couples staying in building 23 and we used a hositality suite in building 21 once...no hot water at all. I'd say that's a HUGE issue. Our new friends we met in building 23 never had hot water during their 7 night stay. Eek!