My husband and I just got back from a week in Secrets Maroma. Oh my gosh, this place is awesome! We had the best time. We have been to quite a few all-inclusive/ adults only, and this was the best so far. The hotel is spotlessly clean. The grounds are beautiful, and they were always working on keeping it beautiful. The staff is so nice, and they all say hello with smiles on their faces. The entertainment/activities staff is really great. The head of the activities/entertainment, is Alesandro (Alex) and he is such a cutie!!!. And all the young staff that works for him seem to really love their work and do a great job. You can join in for so much stuff all day long, or do nothing and just relax. I liked the water aerobics every day, and the night entertainment was pretty good (certainly entertaining enough for Mexico!!!). We had fun playing poker...water volleyball, etc. I would have done more, but i needed to relax too! I would love to thank each of the staff individually, but dont really remember all their names. But thanks to Jackie, shes so sweet... Alberto, our concierge in building #24...Armondo, our beach guy.... Special thanks to a really wonderful man...Edgar, the maitre 'd of the Breakfast restaraunt. Just tell him thanks from Miss Jennifer Aniston...he will know exactly who I am!! He really made me smile every sunny morning. He is a gentleman!! The spa was absoulutely gorgeous, and we got great massages there. You must see it and use the water circuit. The food overall was pretty good, not the best. But I gained a good few pounds, and there are plenty of restaraunts to choose from with no wait anywhere. And the waiters and staff at all the restaraunts were just lovely. And you can drink the best drinks all day & night if you want...check out the frozen drinks...yum! Mango-Tango....yum! The beach and pools are beautiful. Heated water in the main, and cooler water in the infinity pool. I loved the heated pool! We were there a week and never left the property. The rooms are very nice, all with a double jacuzzi. We had the most beautiful view of the pools/ ocean/ resort. I cant wait to go back....this is a great, great hotel. There are lots of special touches that they do that I have not seen other places as well. I only hope they keep up this high standard. Go! you will love it!