My wife and I said "I Do" on the beautiful beaches of this absolutely amazing resort. We traveled with 15 of our friends and family to tie the Knot. From the moment each of us arrived at the front lobby of Secrets we were treated like royalty. Some people came for 3 nights and my wife and I were there for 2 weeks. Regardless how long each of us were there, their was one feeling, we all shared; we did not want to leave!!! I highly recommend a swim out suite, there is nothing like stepping out of your room into a pool. Sure its shared with the 9 other rooms on the first floor of your building, but we were rarely in the pool when another couple was. And when we were, we shared a drink and stories off all that we have done while we were there. We even brought cheap inflatable tubes from Wal-Mart to float and sip our drinks ins. The event staff here makes sure there is always something for you to do. There is always something fun for you to participate in. The food here is absolutely amazing, I never once had a bad meal; weather it was the Grill by the pool, one of the many restaurants or even the free food the walked around the pool with during the day, every piece of food I had was cooked to perfection. The staff here really does go out of their way to make you feel like royalty. Ive seen some people say they never tipped and I've read that people tipped every time. Regardless they all agreed the service was exceptional. I personally tipped most of the time, but I used to work for tips. Either way the staff does a great job of remembering you, your drink and yes even your name. the beach At SMB is breathtaking. When you are in the ocean you will see these "angle" fish, I suggest bringing some chips or bread in for them, its amazing how many will surround you, Its like being in an aquarium. I would and do plan on returning here sometime soon. The wedding staff made our special day the most memorable day ever, even though it rained most of the day, we were bale to get the ceremony in on the beach, the rain stopped just long enough and we didn't have to go to their back up plan. They moved our reception to the world cafe and it couldn't have been any better. all of our friends and family absolutely loved it. Our friends even said that they could not believe how amazing it was and they too are now considering a destination wedding! That is how great of a job SMB did.