Just got back from a wonderful 6 night stay at this resort. The food was very tasty, the beach beautiful, and the service amazing! Loved the French and Italian especially. This resort is super clean as well. Enjoyed the birds, coatimundi, and iguanas everywhere and the pretty landscaping. Never had any trouble finding loungers by the pool or at the beach. People constantly came by offering you drinks and food (even in the pool!) Also, the big pool was heated which was very nice. Loved the Barefoot Grill by the pool. The entertainment staff worked hard, but it did get quiet at night here. Still, my husband and I had fun dancing at the little night club and enjoyed some of the shows. The snorkeling trip run out of the hotel was fun and easy. Just took a 5 minute boat ride out to the reef, snorkled for about 45 mins. and back onto the beach again. Pricey for that, ($40/each) but fun. We didn't see a ton of fish, but we saw a huge puffer fish and my husband saw what looked like cuttlefish! We stayed in building 15 on the 3rd floor and could see the ocean. Not very far to walk to anything on the resort. Only saw people using the swim-outs twice. If you're looking for a peaceful, relaxing vacation with a beautiful beach and great food, then you'll be very happy with this place. On a side note, as to the one British reviewer complaining about the loud, obnoxious Americans, I think I know the group she was referring to because I also saw the wedding by the pool. I can say all the other Americans around the pool at the time were looking at each other and cringing. Let's not make it about nationality! There's obnoxious people from every country. :) Other than that particular small group, everyone else I ran into seemed very nice. And as much as I love British people (I married one!) I've seen plenty of obnoxious, loud Brits abroad in my travels, but I don't think they're all like that! Sorry, just get tired of complaints about only Americans. We're usually pretty polite abroad in my experiences. The only negatives about this trip that I can think of are: 1) The rooms need more insulation for noise. The birds were very noisy in the morning which is fine, but the doors onto the balcony actually had a gap so it sounded like the birds were in my room at 6am. 2) Wish the smoking/non-smoking areas were clearer. Nothing worse than enjoying your slice of paradise on the beach only to get a big face-full of smoke from all the smokers nearby. 3) A little too quiet in the evenings. Other than that, I highly recommend this resort!