This hotel is a fantastic all inclusive hotel. The rooms are spacious and very clean. We love the spa bath in the room, very relaxing. You have a concierge in each block and they cant do enough for you. They just want to make your holiday enjoyable, a great personal touch. One day we had a message on our phone from our concierge saying she had not seen us for a few days and stressing she was here for us. All staff are friendly and welcoming and the resort is spotlessly clean. The entertainment at all inclusive is usually a bit rubbish but this group of entertainment staff are very good. If you want to do the activities they are very inclusive if not, they dont pester you. The Grease show they did was excellent, even a gruff northerner like me was singing along. The food is the best we have had at an all inclusive. The lunches are great and they even have handmade chocolates which are very Moorish. How did I put on 7 pounds on holiday? It is a mystery! Our favourite restaurants were Himitsu (Asian) and Oceana (seafood). The show cooking at Himitsu was fun, but the main restaurant was equally as good. Green tea ice cream is to die for, very creative dessert. Oceana was so relaxing so well served and gorgeous seafood. All the restaurants were very good though and service was on the whole friendly and very efficient. Breakfasts are really good, plenty of variety and very fresh. We are big swimmers, good job too otherwise it would have been more than 7 pounds put on. The pool with the swim up bar was heated so people could chill and relax in here and they did. This left the pool at the front for people who wanted to swim as it was cold but not when you got going. The pool guys are very conscious of sunbed blockers and will remove towels and item off the sunbeds if they think people are reserving and not using them. This is good but it caused us a problem one day when we were swimming for an hour and came back and our stuff had been moved off the sunbed. Kevin the pool guy realised the next day that we were not sunbed hoggers and we never had a problem again. The nightclub played good music and was great fun. Watching white middle aged Americans trying to dance to music which is not aimed at them is great people watching material. It was a very friendly place the nightclub and everyone enjoyed it. The only negatives were that it was difficult to get served in the lobby bar sometimes and if you do not tip here you can get ignored. This was a great hotel and we loved our stay here. Well done to the management and staff for a great resort and a wonderful experience