We went to Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB) for our honeymoon and we loved it. On arrival we were warmly greeted, given a wet towel to freshen up and a glass of bubbly as we checked in. We were taken down to our room where we had a lovely swim out suite on building 15. Think this is the closest building to the beach that is not in the preferred club. It was also close to all of the restaurants and bars but far enough from the pool not to be noisy. We didnt see the preferred club bar but with regards to building location we wouldnt bother upgrading to preferred club in future. The swim out room was fantastic, you get a bit more outside space than upper floors and obviously a shared pool between about 10 rooms. Our pool never had more than a couple of other people in so it was great if you wanted to escape from the busy main poolside. Some afternoons it was a little busy by the main pool with groups playing and drinking but not too over the top. A great spot by the pool is one of the beds by the swim up bar as you got sun most of the day and they were just so comfy. The selection of restaurants was great; our favourite was Himitsu, the oriental restaurant where they have a Hibachi Grill, a really theatrical experience. The food in the A la Carte restaurants was excellent quality and in the 2 weeks there I dont think we had a bad meal. The staff were always very friendly and helpful, they never asked for tips and I think even if you didnt give one you would still get great service. We tipped occasionally if we felt they had been extra helpful or nice. Sometimes you did feel they were being very helpful to try and get a tip but after all they are in the service industry and tips really help as even in the UK waiters wages are poor. Mexico is a poor country so I feel if I can afford a couple of dollars to say thank you to someone who has looked after me then I do. That said if you dont like tipping then dont you will still be looked after. Our room was lovely a lovely big super king bed a, walk in shower, big Jacuzzi bath, & air con. The resort was always kept clean and tidy and even the non-service staff that you would see out and about during the day always stopped and said hello. The beach was lovely, sometimes there was a little seaweed washed up in the morning but there were teams of people to clean it up. The sea was a lovely temperature if a little rough at times when we were there. On a very hot day you could hire a cabana on the beach and this was like a bed with curtains that you could close to keep the sun off and there was excellent waiter service keeping you fed and watered. One thing I suggest people do before they go is learn just a little bit of Spanish. All the staff speak English and communication is not a problem but if you can say at least, Hello, Please & Thank you you will notice that it is really appreciated by the staff and at the end of the day, it is just polite. All in all I would recommend SMB to anyone looking for a relaxing place with great weather and good food perfect for a honeymoon.