After travelling to Sandals resorts I was hesitant to try another all inclusive! Secrets Maroma delivers with amazing service, top shelf drinks, and the food is good. We personally loved The French restaurant Bordeau the best, The steak house grill by the beach also is very good, amazing T-Bone, and fillet steaks. Breakfast was buffet, and there is lots too choose from. There is also a buffet lunch at World Cafe which is amazing. Oceana Grill is nice for lunch too. I am VERY picky about food and Secrets delivered! Sure its different that your saucy, salty American/Canadian cusine, its fresh, and tastes great! As for rooms we had a swim out room, this was the only room available when we booked and I did not think I would use it, we loved it, all the people in our building used it at different times, its heated, like bath water. So nice to come back to your room and go in your own private pool. The front lobby is a nice place to have a drink. There was a huge group here the week we came. We tried to get seats around the the pool a few days and gave up..many chairs were empty, occupied by towels( if you leave...take your towels)! As for the night life, there is none! They have a theater with shows each night, I found them boring. The Disco is okay. This really is not a party resort, its a quiet Zen like Resort, even the music by the pool can put you to sleep. The beach is nice if the water is calm, if its stormy there is tons of seaweed( bull dozer was removing it one day, all day). People from other resorts including children walk up and down the beach so its not exclusive to Secrets! We did a day trip into Playa Del Carmen which was fun, also went to Cancun. As for tipping, Yes they work very hard! Tipping is not allowed at Sandals resorts and this resort is being sold as a comparable to Sandals. We did not tip and had amazing service non the less. We tip very well back home where they do not always deserve it. Tipping is not expected here at all! People that pay for this resort pay a premium for it being an all inclusive, meaning tips. We met many people at this resort who had their bill paid by their company and some people we spoke with did not know what a night here costs. Although we loved this resort, the staff, and Mexico, we will probablly not return here. I prefer Sandals Whitehouse, and I heard Secrets Orchid is lovely. Is nice to try new destinations.