My wife and I visited Secrets Maroma Beach resort for 10 days during our 14 day visit to Mexico this past January from the 13th to the 27th. The reason for booking of Secrets was due to a 100% occupancy at Iberostar Grand Hotel Paraiso during the time we wished to visit Mexico this year. We had walked down the beach from Iberostar Paraiso the last two visits to Mexico in 2011 and were awed by the beach. From the beach you really dont get a good feeling of the resort as the lay of the land blocks some of the views of the resort. After staying at the Iberostar Grand Hotel Paraiso we felt that Secrets Maroma was more functional in design. I actually liked the look of the white concrete structures contrasted with the thatched roof style palapas of the walkways and theatre areas. People suggested that we would not be happy at Secrets after our last 2 visits to the Grand and to be honest I was worried. Our worries were soon forgotten as we chose non preferred suite on the second floor of Bldg 15 which was perfectly located in the middle of the resort, not too far from anything. We booked this trip through Expedia in April of 2011 and recieved one heck of a rate compared to most of the posted rates you see around. To our great surprise however, we were more that happy to have chosen Secrets Maroma Beach resort for our stay and would not hesitate returning in the future to this location. The reason for saying this is not due to the physical qualities of the resort but for the working folks at the resort that made our stay so special. Sure there are a few things that struck me as not positives during our stay but on the whole it was a most pleasant environment to sit back and relax by the pool or at the beach. We are in our mid to late 50's so not partiers by any stretch of the imagination. We enjoyed our quiet times as well as the busy times by the pool in the late afternoons watching and enjoying the people and many amenities provided by the Pool concierge staff. I would like to mention one person that stood out for his help, If you get a chance to say hi to Jaime, he will be there for you every time you need him with a smile and a hand shake. A couple of comments related to the restaurants on site. My wife and I had a favorite it was the Mexican (el Patio) we ate twice during our stay and thoroughly enjoyed our food. We also had a wonderful dinner in one of the more private hibachi tables at Himitsu that Cici the eConcierge had reserved for us. If you have any questions related to the resort be sure to look her up she is one of the Secrets treasures!! All of the restaurants provided wonderful food options that satisfied our desires. To be truthful I think I gained about 7 or 8 lbs during our stay at Secrets Maroma Beach. Not sure if this was due to the quantity of food or the fact that you actually never had to leave your lounger at the pool or beach as the food staff would bring snacks like pizza, tacos etc right to you daily during the lunch hours it was amazing. The drinks were fantastic as well, with the pool staff often bringing additional drinks to us at our loungers even before the first one was finished. What I really didnt enjoy was the fact that there seem to be always a waiting game at the restaurants each night. The resort was busy with near full capacity with a few groups(weddings and business) that seem to converge on all of the ala carte at approximately the same time we wished to eat and forced us to wait. I am the type of person that does not like to wait and therefore I enjoy the reservation systems that other resorts have set. I would like to make one comment regarding the constant feeling that at Secrets Maroma Beach that the administration of the resort was always trying to get you to spend more money. From the VIP checkin to the special dinners to the internet service, it seems like Secrets was attempting to get you to spend more. I dont see this as a negative however as I realize that any business is in business to make money and just part of doing business. We knew this was the situation going in as I am an avid reader of Trip Advisor and thankful for the contributions of others. A final comment as to how enjoyable our visit to Secrets Maroma Beach was due mainly to the Entertainment staff at Secrets. A special shout out to Angie, Jackie, Tania, Miguel, Jesus, Memo. My wife and I took in a number of the daily activities at the resort and everyone of these folks always had a smile on there faces and a friendly greeting that will remain with me for a lifetime. Every time we have been in Mexico we have attended the nightly shows provided at the resorts and thoroughly enjoyed each and every offering. It was always a fantastic way to end off the night. The theatre at Secrets in an open air facility and the staff and performers really know how to entertain! We are looking at a Christmas family vacation at the end of 2012 with all of our adult children and I do know that Secrets is definitly in the running Tim Cooper.