We just got back from a stay here and had a great time. I'm quite picky about where I stay and have travelled a lot so I feel well placed to comment. We booked based on the reviews on here and am amazed at what people will moan about! We were there at the same time as the banking conference mentioned by 'marranello' below and never had to wait for breakfast and hardly saw any evidence of people working - they definitely weren't doing it on the beach or by the pool! Maybe if you turn up for breakfast at 8am and demand a prime seat you might have to wait 10 minutes or so but you just need to think ahead a little. Having them there was nice in fact as it meant they weren't round the pool all day so there were plenty of free sunbeds despite the hotel being quite full. It is a purpose made resort which means there is a certain amount of concrete but it's very tastefully done and the buildings aren't offensive at all. There's lots of authentic looking thatching and the landscaping is well thought out so it felt green and tropical. The rooms are lovely and quite luxurious - good a/c and well equipped bathrooms though they aren't particularly enclosed so it's good to be sharing with someone you know quite intimately! The beds are huge though they did seem to call a twin room a double which meant we spent our first night in separate beds (actually quite nice after a long flight) - may well have been the agent's fault there. The staff were amazing - friendly and efficient without being in your face. I thought the food was fantastic and didn't have a poor or dodgy meal throughout the week though I am pregnant so was perhaps being a little bit more careful. My husband suffered on a couple of days but that may have been over indulgence rather than anything more sinister. Afternoons around the pool can get quite noisy with the entertainment staff doing their bit to whip up an atmosphere but if that's not your style, the beach is quiet and beautiful. They did lay on a lot of entertainment from Spanish lessons by the pool to beach volleyball to a slightly hair-raising fire show but there's no pressure to participate so you can do as little or as much as you like. We've never done all inclusive before and this was a real treat - we weren't disappointed. Would definitely recommend it. It is a long way from England but if you're looking for guaranteed sun and hot temperatures (it was 28/29 degrees most days) as well as great food and fantastic service then this place is definitely worth a look. It was also only about 30mins transfer from the chaotic Cancun airport which was nice.