My wife and I and two other couples stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from January 26 through January 30. We had a wonderful experience, and I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone traveling to the Mayan Riviera. Several factors contribute to my positive opinion of Secrets Maroma Beach, but none more so than the hotels staff. Everyone we met was courteous and friendly, and I would like to mention some of them in this review, as they are what made our trip truly spectacular. I know I will probably leave out some people, but here are some staff members that are truly exceptional, and I hope they realize how much they added to our vacation. Kevin (Pool Concierge), Alejandro and Clay work at the beach and pool areas. These three gentlemen are incredibly friendly and fun, and they take great pride in taking care of all your needs. Though they are terrific at their jobs, I will remember them for their kindness and humor. People like them make a vacation much more than just a day at the pool and beach. Our entire group absolutely loved getting to know them. Lizethe is a Restaurant Captain at the World Caf and Seaside Grill. She is an enchanting young lady who goes above and beyond the call of duty to make sure you enjoy your dining experience. Each day she greeted us with her beautiful smile and warm personality, and we all enjoyed meeting such a lovely nice person. She is a perfect example of the beautiful people of Mexico. A personal note to Lizethe- you must try the coconut ice cream! Armando (Seaside Grill) and Antonio (World Caf and Seaside Grill) are two waiters, and they are both really fun. They are great at taking care of you and making your dining experience truly special. Angelica, Jaqueline and Tania are three members of the entertainment staff. These young ladies are so much fun, and they always made me smile. They love their jobs, and they have amazing personalities. I was amazed at their willingness to go the extra mile to make sure guests were having a fun time and positive experience. Like the aforementioned Lizethe, they are also great examples of the beautiful people of Mexico. I cant say enough nice things about these three young ladies. There are many other things I could mention (amazing beach, sand, service, room etc.), but other travelers cover them quite nicely in their reviews. There is one thing I would definitely like to mention before ending my review. The staff at an all-inclusive resort such as Secrets Maroma all work incredibly hard for you, and they put in a very long day six days a week. Just because a resort is all-inclusive does not mean that guests should not tip and express gratitude to the staff. Please be generous with tips, and let the staff know that you appreciate all that they do for you. They deserve this. If you can afford to go to Secrets Maroma, you can afford to tip the staff! Thank you again Secrets Maroma from Me (El Tigre Blanco) and my wife Amy, Mary, Greg (El Corrupto), Pam and Kelley