This was our first trip to this region of Mexico. We had read all of the reviews and from them choose the Secrets Maroma Beach Resort as our ultimate location. The only thing we can say is that the great reviews did not do justice to this fabulous resort and we have no idea where those individuals with the negative opinions stayed. The first most pleasant aspect of the trip began with the flight. It took us only two hours to reach the airport and the flight was non-stop. We have visited several other tropical destinations, which took us many hours in an airplane seat and several layovers before arriving at our final destination, wasting most of an entire day in travel. Going through customs at Cancun was very easy and reaching the transportation area didn't require a mile long walk through the airport. We were pleasantly surprised to find the Secrets Maroma Beach shuttle service was also non-stop directly to the resort. Upon arrival we were greeted by several bellmen who were extremely friendly and made quick work of collecting our luggage. We were escorted to the registration area where we were given a warm towel to refresh and a glass of wine to relax. We planned our trip for mid-December so our room was waiting for us following check-in. One of the BEST decisions we made was to book a swim-out room for our stay. We had worried about the water and weather being to cold in Mid-December to enjoy this extra expense; however, the weather was warm during the day and while cool in the evenings our swim-out pool was heated. The room itself was beautiful. It had a seating area recessed from the bed area, a huge bathroom with a two person Jacuzzi, and a lanai larger then some rooms we have stayed in, which stepped down into our pool. Our swim-out room was one of the best highlights of our trip. One clarification, we had read a few reviews, which stated the swim out pools connected to the main pool - that is definitely not the case. Each swim out room has an individual pool shared by several rooms. However, the design and landscaping provided great privacy. We used our swim-out pool every morning and late evening only occasionally seeing other couples. Since this vacation was for relaxation and the celebration of our anniversary (37th) we didn't book any outside excursion prior to our arrival. This was an Apple Vacation, so we knew we would have an opportunity to plan any extra trips during our "mandatory meeting" with the on-site Apple representative. This was the only part of our vacation, which was not perfect. Our representative, while friendly, was thirty-minutes late to our scheduled required meeting and provided very little information other than the pre-packaged Apple excursions she was trying to sell. We decided not to purchase any of the activities but rather stay and enjoy the many amenities at the resort. (My shopaholic wife did have to make a trip into Playa del Carmen  a week without shopping was just too much for her.) We can't begin to describe the true beauty of the Secrets Maroma Beach Resort. The landscaping was stunning, the hotel beautiful, and the facilities were outstanding. Our main attraction (outside of our swim-out pool) was the resort's pool. There are actually two pools, one main pool and one reflection, allowing for plenty of deck chairs and actually allowed swimming, which didn't involve stand next to twenty other people. We found the pool the most relaxing part of our trip and the area where we spent the majority of our day. Since we spent so much time at the pool we wanted to talk a little about the pool complex. First and foremost was the swim-up bar, which we loved. Great bartenders, top shelf liquor, interesting people, and good conversation could always be found there. The pool service staff was one of the best we've ever experienced at any resort we've traveled world round. Whatever food or drink item you wanted was quickly delivered to your deck chairs. Once your server knew your drink preference it seemed as if there was a fresh drink handed to you as soon as your last was almost gone. (We became attached to the "Tropicana Mexicali" (be sure to try at least one!) As with many resorts we have visited, there was a recreation staff that provided entertainment each day. Unlike some resorts, these individuals were actually enthusiastic, friendly, and fun. Our favorite pool activity was the morning water aerobic classes, which gave us an excuse to indulge guilt free in the food and drink throughout the rest of the day. When we were planning our trip we were very hesitant to book an "all-inclusive" resort. We really don't drink and eat like we did in our younger years and we questioned the quality of food and drink that would be available at an all-inclusive. These days we are much more interested in the quality of our food and drink than we are the quantity. Once again, the Secrets Maroma Beach resort quickly put that concern to rest. There are seven dining choices at the resort. The World Cafe is a unique buffet where we enjoyed breakfast each day. The selections spanned the entire gambit of breakfast choices. Traditional selections as well as unique international items actual made us look forward to breakfast. My favorite were the cooked to order eggs, as many as you wanted and prepared anyway you requested, but then again I also enjoyed the crepes and huevos rancheros. Lunch was a struggle; having eaten so much breakfast, it was hard to consider lunch. When we did order lunch it was always from the poolside restaurant the Seaside Grill. Hamburgers, pork chops, steak, and chicken sandwiches (cooked to order), tacos, polenta, and sushi were always available plus all of the sides you could ask for and again all were unbelievably good. (You would think sushi from a poolside "snack shack" would be uneatable - think again, it was excellent.) However, perhaps our best poolside dining experiences were the strolling "food carts" serving different items throughout the day. The tacos and chicken polenta were our favorite. As if we didn't have enough food with breakfast and lunch, diner at the resort was our main focus and it too was exceptional. The resort has five  la carte dinner restaurants. During our stay one restaurant was closed each evening. It was our intent to plan a schedule so we could try each one; however, that changed. We found the resort also puts on dinner shows several times during the week. We decided give a dinner show a try on our first evening. It was a traditional Mexican dance performance, which included a Mexican buffet with large banquet tables from which to eat and enjoy the show. (While tipping is not necessary anywhere on the resort we always tip when our service is worthy  and a five-dollar thank you to our hostess took us to a center stage front row table.) Both the entertainment and food were wonderful and we meet several interesting couples providing us with a truly enjoyable evening. (One side note  while this is and over 18 only resort, it is not a place for singles. All of the people we saw were couples (primarily newlyweds or older couples celebrating their anniversaries.) By attending these evening dinner shows we needed to eliminate two restaurants. We decided to bypass the Mexican and Pan Asian dining options (the Mexican dinner show and poolside sushi were the reasons behind our decision). We chose the Oceania for our first sit down dinner. This turned out to be our least favorite restaurant, probably because our food and drink consumption those first two days were catching up with us by that point. I had the fresh fish of the day and my wife only had soup and an appetizer. While the service was excellent our meals were only so-so. Our next evening was spent at the Mediterranean/ Italian restaurant Portofino. The food, wine, and service were first-class, we again had a very enjoyable dinner. The following evening we went to the French style restaurant the Bordeaux. This was the only restaurant we had to wait to be seated. The reason quickly became obvious. Everything from the appetizers through the desserts were delicious. My entre was one of the best filets I have ever enjoyed. However, the most incredible component was a blue cheese foam served with the filet, it was out of this world! Once again the service was impeccable. The following evening was another dinner show we had originally planned to attend; however, I was able to talk my wife into going back to the Bordeaux. This time we both ordered the filet with the blue cheese foam and she too thought it was incredible. For an all-inclusive resort the Secrets Maroma Beach had first class dining that rivaled many of the restaurants we frequent in New York and Chicago. Our week passed very quickly. We went to the ocean a few times but the sea was too rough to enjoy. We were amazed at the quality of the beach. The sand was as white and fine as granulated sugar. There was a tremendous amount of seaweed but the resort maintenance men kept the area cleared. We also attended several educational presentations. How to make guacamole and an introduction to tequila were our favorites. All too soon we found ourselves at the resort checkout. Our bags were already loaded on the airport shuttle and checkout was a breeze. We had enough time before departing for the airport to make a stop at the lobby bar. We ordered two "Tropicana Mexicali" and toasted one of the best vacations we have ever taken. I would not hesitate in recommending Secrets Maroma Beach resort for a first class vacation. The facilities, dining, and entertainment were wonderful. It is a truly amazing resort and a very relaxing and romantic destination.