In simple words; read all the good reviews only! Just came back from my honeymoon whilst staying out at Secrets Maroma for 14 nights and I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel and their staff! The hotel standards, food/restaurants, room standards was simply divine. But what was lovely was the all! The staff from the front desk, breakfast, bar and entertainment staff (basically all of them) we some of the kindest people I have ever met. The made you feel so welcome and made a real effort to make you feel special. Also, as the hotel staff was of large volume enabled each staff to go out of their way to almost act like your personal waiter (no honestly no lie!). There might be loads of beautiful hotels in the world and out in Mexico, but you will find it hard to find one that treats you so well as would want to be treated. I would definitely love to go back and certainly will recommend to friends and family! The hotel had a mixture of tourists who came to stay, people from America, Canada, England, France etc and also of all ages and backgrounds, which was nice. I could go on and on in how brilliant this place is, but as there so many good reviews, my advice is, believe them! Top Tips if your thinking of visiting this hotel; - Definitely consider getting their hotel photographers to take amazing snaps of you at the hotel and on maroma beach . Visit Adventure Photos Shop (right next to the Mexican restaurant on resort). You can have a free complimentary session (yes FREE!) and you can also take away 1 photo for free! As they took such amazing photos I had to have more. They also charged at a reasonable fee for the photos. In total I only paid 150, however online I was quoted by a good mexican photographer for similar standard of photos and he was going to charge me 600 ! So in my opinion I definitely got myself a bargain. Here's a link of the hotelier photographer's website and hope you agree they are pretty good (and I definitely wasn't disappointed! : ) in fact I got lots of compliments from my friends. http://secretsmaroma.adventurephotos.com.mx/#/home-3/ - Personalise and paint a piece of pottery at the hotel market stall. There is a stall at the hotel behind the seafood and grill restaurant (placed towards the beach side of the hotel). I and a few tourists had a great afternoon sipping on cocktails whilst painting a lovely piece which I could take with me as a memento. If you decide to go, I promise you, you wont be disappointed.