I went to Secrets Maroma two months ago and the experience was great! I've been to few all-inclusive resorts and this is the best one by far. First thing I must mention is that the customer service is superb, almost everyone we talked to remembered our names and always say hi and and asked us if we need anything every time we passed them. Our room is preferred club swim-up which I think preferred club is not really worth the money. The only thing we used was internet and it's pretty slow. The private lounge area is nothing special unless you need higher end liquor. I like the idea of "swim-up" room, but it's not connected to the main pool. However, after 5pm (when it's getting dark), it's very nice to just chill by the pool in the back of our room and also the pool is always heated. Food is excellent. There are only few choices and the restaurants are quite small, but it gave you a very intimacy feeling. Other resorts I went to before, you can always feel you are eating in a "all-inclusive" resorts. But Secrets Maroma's restaurants provide very warm, high-scale and private dinning experience. I also love the grill lunch by the pool; we ate there almost everyday! Beach is breath taking. The ocean is soooooooooooo beautiful. I went to another resort few blocks down couple years ago and I couldn't even get into the water. This time, I was in the water play with the wave and enjoyed the sun for hours! We rented the beach bed (about $40 per day) and it's TOTALLY worth the money! Not mention the bed is very comfortable with curtains around it to block the wind, our private concierge, Kevin, probably checked with us to see if we need anything almost every 15 min. I actually wanted to tell him to stop coming (haha, sorry, Kevin, I appreciated you took care of us). When we got there in the morning, towels were provided, icy cold water in the bucket and flowers by the bed. The experience was just beyond the words. Poor is good size and heated with very nice lounge chairs and beds around it. By the afternoon, the entertainment team would come out and interact with everyone which was very fun. Spa is ok. It's a bit expensive and the treatment is nothing really special. The steam room was broken and the hydro treatment is a bit awkward design. so I wouldn't suggest it unless you REALLY want a spa. Night entertainment is the only thing I am disappointment. There's not too much of it and the resort was actually very quiet at night. I don't know where everyone went?! The other resort few blocks down I went couple years ago had a lot of night entertainment and people were out dancing and drinking at night, but not at Maroma. Overall, I gave this resort five star rating and I enjoyed every minute of it. This is a resort I definitely will go back again. I also strongly recommend it to couples. Tips: There are a lot of mosquitoes, so bring some spray. Plan what you want to do at night because the resort does not have too much night entertainment.