My wife and I decided to leave the kids at home and take a trip as a couple. I did a lot of research, including Tahiti (more than double the price), various other places in mexico and the caribbean, and I can say I definitely picked the best option. The room was always well stocked, clean, and we had a great view of the pool, beach, and ocean. Only negative (really about the whole stay) was that they were grinding tile or something during the day at the neighbouring resort, and you could hear it. I felt the AC worked great, bathroom was nice, bed huge and comfy, room service was pretty quick, and mini-bar actually had decent things in it. My wife loved that they had this little cubby hole so room service could leave your food there if you had the do not disturb on. We signed up for the preferred club to get free internet, and a slightly better room, which seemed somewhat worth it. The free appitizers and access to the club was not worth it, since you can eat elsewhere and bars are everywhere. One pain is that when you arrive, you have to get carted over to the club to check in, which probably took us an extra 20 minutes over just checking in at the front. We glanced at the swim up pool rooms, and I never once saw anyone swimming in the pool, so you could probably save your money. The pool is great. They have several pools that are completely separate, one of which was heated. There are plenty of chairs, although you may have to come out a little early if you want a prime spot in the shade all day, but it is nothing like the craziness that happens at most resorts. They have some events during the day, but if you want to chill and relax, it is a great place to hang out and read. The beach had awesome sand, and had plenty of places to hang out, since so many guests hang out at the pools. Regarding booze, I never felt like I wanted for a drink. Service at the pool is great, and they're regularly coming by (even when you don't tip). Bar service is pretty speedy, and so is the service at the restaurant. Note that the wine at the restaurants are crazy overpriced (california wines were 8x or more prices at home), so I just stuck to beer. My wife thought they actually made stiff drinks, so they're definitely not watering them down. Also, they actually blend the drinks instead of just tossing some in ice into some Pina Colada mix (which happens at some resorts). We felt the food was great at every restaurant. We ate pretty early (around 7) so never encountered a wait. We did have to book the habachi grill 3 days in advance, but that was the only time we weren't seated within 15 minutes. The habachi grill was excellent, and the french place was great as well. We ate at the steak and seafood places as well, and though it was pretty good, while the mexican place was pretty mediocre (especially considering we were in mexico). Overall I thought the food was better than any other resort we've been to. The resort overall was VERY couples focused. We made it to a show, the night club, restaurants, and pool had tons of couples, and I rarely saw anyone single. The club was pretty tame (head to cancun for that), but it was relatively fun (especially after a long day of drinking). One seriously crappy thing about this resort is that the road from the highway to this resort (maybe 2 miles) is a little dirt road followed by a 1 lane brick road. It is absolutely terrible, and wastes a lot of your time (I'd estimate 10 minutes each way). With such a great highway and a great resort, I have no idea why they haven't fixed up the road. Overall we had an awesome time, and would stay at a Secrets again, and would consider going back to Maroma Beach for sure. It is easily one of the best all inclusive resorts on the planet, and is one of the best resorts in the world.