Spent 10 nights in January there. A lot to say. The beach is amazing, powdery sand , not one rock on sand or in the water. All seaweed is raked every morning. Nice blue colors. No real fish , have to go 10 minutes up reef to see any. The reef is about 1000 feet out, you can take a free kayak or hobie cat out there. No trash anywhere.Butlers arounbd all day.Plus at noon thye set up a BBQ and cook for you.The private cabanas woudl be nice to get out of the heat on a really hot time but dont see any other point than that. The pool is amazing, very warm, clean,different days have different events around the pool. Its more nosiy than the beach. The infinity pool is cold. I heard the swimout pools are pretty warm not cold like other reviewers say, the preferred club told me they were heated. Again very clean around the area. Theres a buffett for most of the day at the pool and a sit down rest right there too, plus day beds to sit in all day for free. The restaurants were pretty good. The service was excellent. Sometimes you just get tired of the same thing. Only restaurant we didnt do was french. The japanese was best I thought, habachi grill was good ( needs reservations) , the sushi was simple but good, the other plates were good as well. Had to wait 2 times for a seat about 30 minutes but there pager works anywhere.By end of trip was so tired of buffets and sub par cooked fish meals.At japanese rest you must try the Tempura ice Cream its very good there. Rooms , we had partial ocean view preferred club. They were nice, had everything you need.The only bad part is room service, sometimes be gone all day till 4 and room wasnt cleaned, then if it was it was hit an miss whether we got towels again or soap. The mini bar was restocked maybe 5 of 10 days. Not very good. of course you could make a call and get whatever it was you needed. Room service was good, service was excellent.Carlos our concierge was excellent.Also you can request different pillows, the down ones were nice. Preffered club, not sure if it was worth it. The preferred club lounge is nice to get a snack ( very light snacks) and a top shelve liquor. It felt very corporate in there though, plus the VIP services lady tried to talk to us about a timeshare.The check in is nice , you dont go into main lobby. Also when you go to travel agent in main lobby to confirm your pickup time and date etc the agent will try to sell you on activities outside the resort since they are a third party, kinda lame , secrets should handle this. I think maybe we got better booze and snacks in the mini bar but not sure , cold M&Ms an Pringles, plus OJ, beers and water , plus 3 nips of booze, whiskey, rum and vodka. Activities team , the guys and girls who get people involved , set up and play the games or teach the classes are so very good. There a very funny group of good people. To me this group made the trip so much better. Dont get me wrong the entire service at the resort was excellent ( besides room service cleaning and mini bar). They get to know your names and you get a lot of laughs. I hope thye are taken care of they work a lot. Weather was nice, not too hot maybe 85, many days were cloudy but had sunbreaks.Had a few days that were sun all day. No rain during the day. Humidity was low. Mosquitos werent bad, after the rain thye came out and at the Sugar reef bar in the middle of the resort there were tons. I would siggest having bug spray after 4pm. Wi-Fi was slow but sufficient , the big drag is having to sign in constantly throughout the 10 days.Seemed like every 12 hours. There is free wifi with a code in the lobby. Plus free in the preferred club theres PCs in there to use. The grounds of resort were nice and well kept but nothing spectacular. The shows in the evening were fun, like Rock of Ages , Zumanity and American idol, the magician was boring seeing the same type of tricks over and over. They have movies too in the theater that are nice and thye have a bar in there and butlers. The night club was fun if you like to dance or people watch. Again the activities team gets involved they make you laugh.One night might be karaoke for a while, sometimes a duet or a solo singer then it turned into a DJ after those. If I were to go back again 8 nights would be plenty, after 7 days the schedule is repeated again. The free water sports is a nice touch and the only ones I seen on the whole beach.The lame part is they have no boogie boards or skim boards and those would be a lot of fun.I dont think they have snorkels an mask but i could be wrong. I would go back in a heartbeat due to the beach, the pool and the service. Plus all the many activities and special nights to keep you entertained. I heard the other 2 secrets in cancun cant compare to this one. Hope this helps you! if you have any questions just ask.