We just returned from Secrets Maroma Beach and absolutely loved it. I would not hesitate to go back again. Because we have also traveled to Excellence Playa Mujeres, I thought it might be useful to some to do a comparison of the two, based on typical criteria that I have seen in other reviews. Entrance  EPM I wouldnt normally care about the entrance to a resort, but I thought I would mention it as it was surprising how rustic SMBs entrance was. It did not affect our vacation at all, but driving up partially on a bumpy dirt road, and seeing the old signs for Secrets on the way in definitely would have given us more pause if we hadnt read about that in other reviews. Once you pull up to the resort, its fine, but a bit surprising before that. Check-In  SMB Love the small tables at SMB to sit down with the front desk person. Rooms  Very Slight Edge to SMB Not exactly comparing apples to apples here. We've stayed at EPM twice and both times we had a Rooftop Terrace, and at SMB we had a swim out. If I were comparing a basic room to a basic room, I would say they are even. EPM's rooms are bigger, including a much more spacious shower. The layout of the SMB rooms are better though, in my opinion. The bathrooms at SMB are separated from the main room by curtains and a bathtub, rather than the bedroom and the bathroom just being separated by a ledge at EPM, and swiveling mirrors. The plus for EPM is the tub location that is just in between inside and outside. I also found the bed at SMB a bit more comfortable than the bed at EPM. Also, the swim out at SMB is a must do. The swimouts at EPM arent really all that useful, in my opinion. You have to walk across a patch of lawn to go in and they arent heated. The SMB swimouts are semi-private and right off of your patio, and they are the temperature of bath water. Its probably best to have one in building 15, 14, or 12 (if you are non-preferred club, as those patios get sun during the day). Be aware that you will definitely hear more foot traffic on the first floor at night if you are in a swimout suite. This one could really be a tossup, but I just cannot forget how warm the water was in the swimout, so the edge, albeit slight goes to SMB. Food  Slight Edge to EPM I enjoyed the food a great deal at both places, but EPM gets the edge as I had food two times that had bones in it (and wasnt supposed to have bones in it) at SMB. From other reviews, we had stayed away from the Tapas place at EPM and the Italian place at SMB. All the other restaurants were good. Entertainment  Slight Edge to EPM Both entertainment staffs were much fun, and we enjoyed the shows and sports activities. I think EPMs physical layout is a bit better for the entertainment, with the theater and the plaza centrally located. At SMB, the theater is kind of tucked away in the back, so you have to be intentional about going to shows. Service  EPM Obviously, this is subjective (it all is, huh?) but it just seemed that the service at EPM was better than SMB. At both resorts, they went out of their way to make you happy. It seemed that the staff at EPM were somewhat more fluent in English and thus more comfortable interacting with special requests. (I do realize that I am in Mexico, and do not expect people to speak English, however it seemed appropriate to include that as I am comparing the two resorts.) I also had three times where a drink/food order was forgotten at SMB, and I dont recall that ever happening at EPM. Spa  EPM Both spas were beautiful. The massage that I had at SMB was just average, and the showers in the mens locker room would not get warm, when I was there. Also, the staff was more attentive to leading you through the hydrotherapy at EPM. I have had two great experiences with different massages at EPM. Beach  SMB If youve read a review of either place, then you know that there is no real competition here. The beach at SMB is beautiful. We also paid the $40 for a beach bed, and that was just heavenly and highly recommended. You get even better service and your own shaded bed that looks out onto the most beautiful water. Pool - SMB From the reviews I have looked at, most people would give the edge here to EPM, but I liked SMB better. They don't have as many different pools as EPM, but the ones they had are so well spread out that it was really nice, and never felt too crowded. I'm not sure what occupancy was when we were there (mid-January), but we never had trouble getting a chair by the pool, and they often had beds available by the pool too. Grounds  SMB The grounds at SMB are much more natural and lush, which to me, is definitely a plus. EPM definitely is very nice in this regard also, but just didn't seem as set in the jungle. The coatimundi's at SMB also approve of the more natural setting there. Also, if my memory serves me correctly, there is piped in music everywhere at EPM, and there are times when walking around SMB, that it is so quiet, and quiet moments in a natural setting on vacation are really nice. Intangibles  SMB There are a number of things that just make SMB great in my opinion. The food service around the pool every day, and then the great experience on Saturday with chefs in kayaks in the pool delivering food. They went all out for the NFL playoffs with big blow up football players, and great decorations. Overall  SMB Maybe I feel this way because we just got back, butthe overall experience with the swimout suite, the beach bed, the incredible beach, and the great pool food service was amazing. If you are not sure which one to go with, then just pick one to go to first, and then go to the other. My feeling is that you will definitely have a wonderful time at either, and nothing (other than price perhaps) should get in the way of being comfortable with your choice.