This is a review of our honeymoon trip to Secrets Maroma Beach in July 2011. We have broken it down by the different aspects of the vacation, but the short version is we had a fantastic time at SMB. Check in: We arrived to Secrets via the private transportation that was arranged when we booked our trip. We were greeted by extremely friendly staff, a glass of champagne, and a cool wet towel. It was a pretty hot that day, so this was a nice start. The main features and layout of the resort, restaurants, activities and so forth were explained to us during check-in. We were given some other information and our room key and told to go to another desk. I guess we had not read some reviews closely enough, because we were not prepared for the sales pitch they give you about the time shares and rewards club. It did catch us by surprise and was a little off-putting. We scheduled an appointment to meet with a salesperson the next day. This was one aspect of the trip we didn't like, and we deliberated about what to do much of that first night. We really didn't want to spend an afternoon with a sales agent. However, it ended up working out fine, we just showed up the next day at our appointment time and said we were not interested. We were firm in our answer, and they did not press any further, and in fact were pretty nice about it. All was okay. The point is, be prepared for the "hard sell" and just say a polite "no" if you're not interested, and you will have no problem. A staff member led us to our standard room which was on the 3rd floor of Building #14. Room: As stated, we had a standard junior suite on the 3rd floor of Building #14. The resort put a honeymoon sign on the door, and even though this was on a lot of other doors, it was a nice touch. We absolutely loved our room. It was huge, with nice marble floors, a large comfortable bed, great bathroom with separate toilet and shower areas, Jacuzzi tub, couch and desk, flat screen TV, refrigerator, coffee maker, safe with digital lock and a nice balcony. In terms of the view, we could just barely make out the ocean over the tops of the trees, otherwise, it was a nice view of the palm trees and resort buildings. The grounds and design of the resort are beautiful, and the lighting at night was pretty to look at. The room was very clean, air-conditioning worked just fine for us, as did the two-headed shower. The only thing that lacked was the Jacuzzi tub. It worked okay, but is not much bigger than a regular bathtub. We didn't use it much. The maid and turndown service were excellent. Every day we returned to a clean room, and at night, after dinner, we would come back to a made bed with the next day's activities and schedule laid out on our pillow. The refrigerator was always stocked with water, soda and beer (Coronas). Also, whenever we asked for extra bottles of water, someone would leave it in our Secrets box by the door within minutes. In addition, and this was important to us, it was quiet. We only heard noise one afternoon when we were trying to nap, there were some people in a swim-out room below us who were partying a little too hard and got fairly loud. No big deal, we just turned on some music (iPod dock in room) and tried to ignore it. This was our first and only "5-star" hotel stay, so, we are by no means experts. But the room overall definitely had a luxury, 5-star "feel" and look to it. It certainly felt like an oasis to be pampered in and we were impressed. Food: Having never stayed at an "all-inclusive" resort, I think we were expecting the food and drink to be kind of watered down, average, so-so. That was not the case at all at SMB. The food was awesome at every turn. We had breakfast just about every day at the World Cafe, it was a huge buffet with any food you can imagine, and it was all fresh and good every day. Period. The fresh tropical fruit of all kinds were definitely a favorite. If we weren't that hungry in the morning, we would hit the Coco Cafe and have a snack and a coffee. The staff at the cafe made that one of our favorite spots, they were always smiling and friendly. The Italian restaurant (Portofino) and the outdoor seafood restaurant (Oceana) were probably our favorites, although literally just about every meal we had was delicious. The house wines were very good as well. The Japanese restaurant is the only one where a reservation is required, we did not have to wait at any of the others. We also really enjoyed the casual poolside grill which cooked food hot and fresh every day. At lunch, even if you were too lazy to leave the beach or the pool to walk over there, a waiter would take your order and bring it back. You could get pretty much anything you want: sandwiches, burgers, paella, tacos, seafood. As far as drink, we are not very picky about top-shelf alcohol, so we were easy to please. The Mojitos, Margaritas, Miami Vices and numerous other tropical drinks all tasted great to us. There were a few beer choices too (Corona, Modello, Pacifica) and they were always ice cold. Overall, the food exceeded our expectations and the atmosphere at all the dinner restaurants was upscale and romantic. There is so much to choose from, depending on the length of your stay, you may not visit any of them more than once. But we did go to Portofino twice because we just enjoyed the service and atmosphere there. We did order room service a couple of times, more just for fun than anything else. It never took long to arrive but in terms of quality was not as good as what we found at the restaurants. But if you are just wanting a drink and chocolate cake at 3 AM, go for it, it truly is 24/7 service. Staff: I literally can't think of anything negative to say about the staff. The maids, wait staff, bartenders, entertainment staff, all were incredibly friendly and helpful. Anything you needed was quickly addressed. Our concierge was extremely helpful with any questions we may have had, and checked on us occasionally to make sure we were doing okay. If we ever asked for anything, she always followed up to make sure we were taken care of. Again, maybe we were easy to please because we're not used to this type of vacation, but we genuinely felt like we were treated as royalty the entire week. The entertainment staff were involved in all kinds of things from nightly shows to tequila tastings to Spanish lessons and they were a lot of fun. Big thumbs up for the staff and service. Pool: The pool at SMB is amazing and so it was moderately crowded most days we were there. However, we still never had a problem getting a couple of chairs in a good spot. Great, comfortable chairs by the way, both at the pool and beach. You might have to look a little bit, but usually the turnover was quick enough that there were always a couple of chairs with shade available by the pool. We definitely were not early risers either. Having heard horror stories about the "towel games" people play, we did not feel this was an issue at all at SMB. As far as the pool itself, it really was gorgeous and the water was perfect. The swim-up bar is a cool novelty, but we didn't spend a lot of time there since you can get whatever you want from a waiter just lounging in your chair. The area near the bar can get slightly rowdy in the afternoon, but still nowhere near a "Spring Break" type of atmosphere. If you wanted to just relax by the infinity pool in relative peace, you could. For both the pool and beach area, the resort keeps plenty of fresh towels stocked. No complaints at all about the pool. Beach: This area was much more important to us, as we are more beach people than pool people, and we spent significantly more time there. We had absolutely no problems finding chairs with shade any day, and again, we were not early risers. I'd say most days we rolled down to the beach between 10:00 and 11:00. There were always less people at the beach then at the pool. As far as the beach itself, it's pretty much the textbook Caribbean beach you would expect. Soft, white sand. The water was not 100% crystal clear, but still very blue and tropical, and it was warm and calm most days. There were a couple of slightly windy days where the water became a little choppy, but not enough to keep you out of it. We did not experience any rocks wading out into the ocean, just a nice soft bottom the whole way. There is a beach bar and also wait staff available to provide anything you need. Another cool thing about the beach at SMB is that there's only a resort on one side, on the other it's just a long stretch of beach which is nice to stroll down and feel more isolated if you want. The bottom line is this: If you just want to relax on a gorgeous, quiet, Caribbean beach; you will find what you want at this resort. Activities: The cool thing about SMB is you can be as busy or as lazy as you want to be. There are plenty of things to do if you don't want to just lounge on the beach and be pampered all day. We had thought we might do an excursion but found so much to do on the resort, we ended up not going anywhere. We did the organized bike tour, tennis lessons, beach volleyball, tequila tasting, poolside Spanish lessons and enjoyed several of the shows they put on at the theater (our favorite was the fire show.) There was an acoustic concert on the beach one night too that was great. Also, one day we went with a group on sea kayaks to check out the Great Mayan Reef which is just a short distance offshore, and we took a hobie cat out with a guide one afternoon. You definitely won't get bored unless that's what you want. Overall: Overall, we could not have been happier with a resort. Beautiful grounds, beautiful beach and pool, excellent food and service, we couldn't have asked for more. We lucked out on weather too, it only rained for about an hour one evening, the rest of the time it was clear and dry. As far as the heat, yes, it got pretty hot. But we didn't seem to mind the heat when laying by the pool or beach with ice cold drinks. As far as mosquitoes, we actually got a little scared on our first night when they came out just as the sun was going down. We were eating at the outdoor seafood restaurant and were thinking, "Oh boy, what have we done?!" But they were only out really bad that first night for a little while. The staff were quick to hand out repellent wipes which seemed to work fine. We didn't notice a swarm like that the rest of the week. I think the biggest testament I can give about Secrets Maroma Beach is that we would definitely recommend it to family and friends, and we would definitely go back ourselves. In fact, we're already planning a return trip for a future anniversary.