This was our second time at Secrets Maroma Beach. We had a wonderful time there 2 years ago and loved it again this trip. The accommodations and food are excellent, with plenty of variety in the eating options. We really enjoyed our swim-out pool, which was heated. (A change from our prior visit.) The resort pools are also excellent. As before, the staff are welcoming, friendly and go out of their way to make the experience a positive one. This year we were there over New Years' and were impressed by the New Years' Eve activities that were arranged by the entertainment staff. We usually aren't big on going to such things but we enjoyed the Mayan fire show and events in the ballroom to ring in the New Year. On our prior visit to Secrets and other area resorts, we did a fair amount of sight-seeing. But this time we primarily stayed at the resort and relaxed. However, we did enjoy a morning of shopping in Playa del Carmen and were impressed with the art work at a shop on 5th avenue, between streets 12 and 14, where they had various pieces made from Amate paper, which were amazing! One of our group also went on the tour of the Secrets kitchens which was very impressive -- clean, highly organized and huge. And we all enjoyed the free Tequila tasting! One minor point of annoyance was the cost of the photos for pictures around the pool area. One day they brought in a toucan and took a lot of photos, but the prices were outrageous ($25 per photo if I recall) just to get a jpeg burned to a CD. Of course they don't tell you the price before your picture is taken. A few other hints for fellow travelers: 1. If you're planning to buy tequila, check the prices at home before you leave. Even the duty free shop tequila was higher priced than what we pay for the same product in NY. 2. Realize that the area around the resort is swampy and that bugs are not uncommon, so bring your bugspray. 3. If you use conditioner for your hair, bring your own. The hotel provides other nice accessories in the rooms but conditioner isn't one of them. 4. If you like to watch movies, consider bringing some DVDs with you to use in the DVD players in the room, which work fine with US DVD formats. 5. Check out potential sightseeing options on the web before you go. There are many tour operators available and some are better than others. (We had a problem with the Best Day rep.) Two of our party arranged to go scuba diving but the company in Playa del Carmen that was most highly rated was booked way in advance. They went with a different company and had a great time, but making arrangements in advance may be useful. Above all, prepare to have a great time!