We stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from Dec 29 - Jan 9, 2012 and it was absolutely PERFECT! The weather was colder (between 75 & 82 degrees) than in past years, but we never missed a day at the pool. This was our second trip to this Secrets resort, having celebrated New Years 2010 there we had very high expectations, all of which were exceeded. I agreed 100% with the reviews written by ilovethesun80, Jennifer J, and TTPFred. It was really nice to see that after two years the property has maintained its high standards. The staff was FANTASTIC! Maybe even better than our first trip. The service, food, entertainment crew FANTASTIC!! (even the landscaping crews would take a moment to offer a smile and and an "hola") Last year for New Years, we stayed at the Excellence Playa Mujeres and while it was a very nice vacation, the food and service weren't as good, the staff wasn't as friendly and the resort overall had an uninterested vibe. We had a great time, but everything there, didn't seem like a pleasure. Ringing in the New Year in the ballroom at Secrets Maroma Beach was FIRST CLASS FUN! Just as it had been in 2010, this resort knows how to through a party. All of the other restaurants were also available for those wishing to celebrate with a more intimate dinner, but in my opinion, the ballroom is the way to go on New Years Eve. We had an Ocean View Junior Suite on the 4th floor of building 26, which was a Preferred Club room. The view from the balcony was beautiful and the location (close to the beach) is why we chose to spend the extra money for this room. The only time we used the Preferred Club Lounge was for the quick and hassle free check in. I had read about timeshare salespeople in other reviews, and noticed some personal tours, but we were never approached by or bothered by them. We loved the maid service, our mini bar guy, and our concierge, Carlos, was the best we've ever had. We were unsure about the paying for the upgrade to the Club, but the guarantee for a room so close to the beach made it worth it for us. The only time we left the resort was for a night at CocoBongo. Escorted by the entertainment staff, the VIP seating was incredible! We never miss this show when we visit Cancun or Playa Del Carmen. Within the last 3 years we've stayed at The Royal, The Eldorado Royale, Secrets Capri, The Excellence Riviera Maya, The Excellence Playa Mujeres and The Iberostar Grand, all Adult Only and rated 5 stars, but Secret's Maroma Beach is our favorite in Mexcio. Also, the day before we left, we witnessed the most beautiful destination wedding I have ever seen, Congratulations to this young couple and best wishes to you for a lifetime as beautiful as your wedding day.