We stayed for 2 weeks in October 10 and had a fantastic holiday. (Yes 2010, I'm lazy) We have been to Mexico 4 times now and all hotels have been good, but this was at a new level. The food was fantastic. The rooms were similar to other hotels we have stayed at in Mexico, with the jacuzzi in between bathroom and bedroom, and a lounge area between the king size bed and balcony. Rooms were clean and I even manage to get free wi fi as we were next to the preferred club rooms. However you do get free wi-fi in the hotel lobby & bar areas. Staff were friendly and glad to help. A tip was not expected, but it does go a long way and these guys work so hard. The entertainment staff were good fun and I enjoyed beach & pool volleyball, table tennis games during the day. The restaurants were all al a la carte and unlike other hotels in Mexico you didn't need to reserve. You just turn up at what ever restaurant you wanted to eat at and you would be either seated if they had a table or given a pager. you never had to wait more than 20 mins. But you'd just go to a bar, get a drink and wait for it to go off. You could wander back with your drinks no problem or leave them as you didn't pay for them anyway (we didn't do that being Scottish) The food was 1st class too. We had good meals everywhere but enjoyed Portofino & Bordeaux. Once tip is to go for a sandwich and a coffee at the World Cafe. We used to go in the afternoon instead of lunch some days and it was great. Alcoholic drinks are all international top brands which is a plus. The beach was very nice. Probably the best in Mexico so far. We stayed round the pool most days. Although this could get busy and with people reserving loungers as early as 06:00 a lot of the best spots were taken. I hope the hotel addresses this somehow, but I suppose its the same everywhere. The pool attendants a very helpful and friendly and again a tip and simply chatting to or acknowledging these guys goes a long way. Kevin was great. There must be hundreds of guests there at any one time with people coming and going every day and he remembers everyones name. Great guy. The entertainment was better at this hotel than others in Mexico. They actually hire in external acts and it was not always the entertainment staff performing like other hotels. The rock band, Grease and Mexican idol nights were extremely good. They also had an Elvis impersonator from the US one night in the night club who was amazing. My wife did the yoga / pilates / exercise classes every day which she enjoyed. We played tennis once day too. They have good courts which are free. Rackets and balls included. We both had a massage at the Spa and that was good. Overall you won't be disappointed if you stay here.