I could not be happier that I didnt listen to the odd ball bad review this place got, it was INCREDIBLE!! We booked with Trip Guy, Jennifer Toren, and she was absolutely fabulous! Great price (even got a free upgrade) and the comfort of knowing we could call her if anything went wrong. SERVICE: I agree with a prior review, the perfect definition of the service here is JUST ASK! Everything we asked for was not only immediately received, but always came with an, it is my pleasure, no problem, anything you want. Exceptional hospitably!! FOOD: THE GOOD: Breakfast, dinner and room service Im a bit of a foodie and had resigned myself to the fact the food at an all inclusive would not great. I was very pleasantly surprised! The quality of breakfast, both the buffet at World Caf and room service, was great. Huge, HUGE, variety and you can get most of it freshly cooked to order. Our favs were a green kiwi juice mix at the juice bar, which my boyfriend and I loved, along with fresh eggs and crepes! Boudreaux was fantastic! Loved the beef carpaccio and caprese salads (tomatoes and mozzarella were so fresh and the balsamic was good quality). The bread they give you comes with olive oil, balsamic and a big spoon full of fresh parmesan right off the wheel. Absolutely delish! Beef tenderloin and lamb were my favorite entrees, both had great sauces and were perfectly cooked (medium rare for me). On my birthday my boyfriend asked them to do something special so they set up a candle lit dinner with rose petals, got us complimentary lobster and wrote Happy Birthday Laura in chocolate on my dessert plate. Porto Fino was also fabulous, the crme brulee here was better than some Ive had in Dallas (home), and the tomato tartar appetizer was killer! Entrees were also well done and flavorful. THE BAD: Lunch, El Patio and the french fries. Weird little list I know. But there isnt a single place on this resort that makes a decent french fry, they all taste like they were made last week. In the grand scheme of things, hardly a deal breaker. Lunch at the Oceanair restaurant was terrible and the service was painfully slow. The barefoot grill and the world caf buffet are much better but not up to the excellent standard set by breakfast and dinner. El Patio was by far our least favorite restaurant, the appetizers and entrees had some unappetizing flavors and over cooked meat/veggies but the dessert was very good. We loved this tres leches cake and the vanilla/blue corn four cake in rum sauce, both were exceptional. ***Note, yes the portion sizes are small but they expect you to order 4 courses and had NO qualms over us ordering extra appetizers, entres ect. (Though I must say we didnt need it.) ACTIVITIES: I like the variety of activities each day, and the fact that no one bothered you about joining in if you didnt want to, to the point that they were easily missed unless you made a point of showing up. The tequila tasting and cocktail classes were our favorites. They also had kayak tours, yoga in the mornings and a variety of other things going on. No problem staying occupied on the resort. KNOW before you go: Dont book ANYTHING with the travel guides at the hotel, my boyfriend wanted to try that and we both regretted it. Wasted time and money on something totally commercial, wish we had just used trip advisor to book on our own. Also, theres a great scuba/snorkel shop to your left when you walk out on the beach (just past the kayaks), this was better than the scuba trips we booked through the hotel (which were pretty boring). Yes the partial ocean view is really a tropical view, as long as you are expecting this its not a big deal. (Still a nice view!) I was worried about the room being cold enough but we had no problem with this and even used the comforter at night. The rooms were very spacious, nicely finished out on the inside and always clean! Another note, the beach is sublime, absolutely amazing!!! It's been 4 months and I still dream of going back and just laying on that beach. All in all nothing is perfect but this place comes pretty close! I could write 10 pages of things I loved about this place, asolutely cannot wait to go back.