I'd read many fantastic reviews about this resort and expected the best. Hence, my jaw dropped in disappointment upon arrival at its main entrance and getting into the lobby. The Xmas decorations were totally horrid, as if straight from the cheapest all you can eat buffet place. Usually great resorts have really impressive, elegant lobbies and this was not the case.The lobby furniture belonged more on a patio than in a good hotel. The bar chairs and armchairs had horrible plastic covers, as if soaked people were expected to occupy them. I was very nervous and I feared a major let down. Turned out, completely unnecessarily. Things only got better from then/there on:-). The grounds, the buildings, the rooms and all the amenities were impeccably maintained and esthetically pleasing. The beach is supposedly the best in the entire region and I believe it. The sand is white, powdery and always very clean. The rooms are well appointed, comfortable and very pleasant. The buildings are surrounded by beautifully tended vegetation. Each building has its own concierge at your disposal, eager to help. There are seven restaurants and a few bars. I found the food to be great in most places I've tried. I loved the French restaurant Bordeau and The Oceana near the pool. I was not too impressed with the Italian one, Portofino. Did not try the Asian one, Hibitsu, but heard good reviews. There was fantastic food service at the pool. The staff would walk or swim around with trays full of goodies. There was a grill in the pool area, not to mention the beach service. You could order lunch at the beach, as well. I found the service at Secrets Maroma truly exceeding this of other resorts I've been to. Everyone tried his/her best. People were extremely service oriented, friendly and professional, and it was not tip based. Overall: beautiful resort, great service, good food, good entertainment (beautiful theatre, interesting program). The New Year's Party was fabulous. Lots of fun! Great band to dance to. No Wi-Fi in rooms was a minus, but one could use the Business Centre for internet access. TV had many English channels, including (surprise!!!) unrestricted Playboy channel. As I mentioned, my friends and I visited at New Year, and the weather was on a chilly/cloudy side. For that reason, I'd recommend to choose a later month. Thumbs up for this one. Don't mind the lobby.