Mrs. Fred and I had a fantastic time celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary here January 5 - 8. The photos don't do the property justice--they can't capture the attentive, courteous service provided by each and every employee of the resort. Each request was met with the reply, "It's a pleasure." It is no wonder why Secrets Maroma is on tripadvisor's "Most Romantic Destination" list. Everyone there makes every effort to create a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere for the guests. Speaking of my fellow guests, most of the clientele seemed to be there to celebrate honeymoons and anniversaries, as opposed to "getting wasted drunk with their bro's." Everyone was respectful of each others' space...no yelling could be heard, other than the activity staff goofing around in the pool area. The food was top-notch. The breakfast area had pretty much whatever you could think of, from pastries to fruit to waffles to omelettes and casseroles, but my go-to included smoked salmon, smoked trout and the tamales cooked in banana leaves. One day at lunch, we ate a la carte at the Sea Side Grill and enjoyed ceviche and grilled shrimp. For dinner, we really enjoyed Bordeaux--so much so that Mrs. Fred insisted that we eat there two nights in a row...she couldn't get enough of the tenderloin topped with a demi-glace and roquefort, with rosemary potatoes. My bone-in veal chop (1st night) was quite tender and tasty, and on the 2nd night I went with the duck breast and the lengua from the mexican restaurant next door (El Patio). The scallop appetizer both nights was great. The final night, we dined at the sushi bar at Himitsu, and watched the hibachi "show" from our perch above. I love to cook, and I love to eat out. I live and work in the 4th largest city in the US, and I am a restaurant snob. The quality of the food, and its presentation, at Secrets' a la carte restaurants was better than I imagined it would be. Heck, it was much better than most restaurants in town. You sort of forget you are at a resort. Even the coffee at Secrets was really good, whether we had it delivered by room service in the early morning, or if we visited Coco's for an evening espresso or latte and chocolate brownie. We stayed in a 4th floor room because we wanted to be able to see the ocean, and it was very nice to have that view. Although we were aware that someone was staying in the room next to us for at least part of our stay, we never heard them--the walls must be very thick. The bed was very comfortable. Regarding alcoholic beverages, I noticed every bar area had Corona on tap for the beer drinkers, and their liquors included Crown Royal, Johnny Walker red and black, Herradura reposado, Stoli, Grey Goose and Absolute vodkas, Tanquerey and Beefeaters gins, Havana 7 and Appleton's rums, along with other brands I didn't pay attention to. Of course, they have all sorts of frozen and tropical drinks, as well, each made to order. I recommend reserving a beach bed for at least one day. For just an extra $40, you'll have at least 3 people waiting on you, getting you food and drinks while you read, nap and listen to the sounds of the surf. Finally, I brought along $50 in $1s and $5s to hand out as tips. If you get really good service, reward the employees for it. It is not expected, and they don't hold their hands out, but they'll remember your generosity the next time you ask for something. Secrets Maroma isn't the cheapest place to go, but it is the perfect "special occasion" destination.