We are a couple that travel to many 5+ luxury resorts. Secrets Maroma is a spectacular resort. It is a bit smaller than other resorts we have visited, however, our favorite! It was at 99% capacity while we were there (around 480 rooms). We expect top notch: food, beverages, service, beach, comfort, fun, peacefulness-relaxation, entertainment and appreciate it when we request something and our request is seen to immediately. Secrets Maroma meet all of the these expectations! We chose a jr swim-up room and it was the way to go; heated pool, very private from others walking to their rooms. Shower was hot and great! The room was perfect! Air/heat was A+++. Everything perfect! There were a large selection of restaurants/grills to chose from but we fell in love with - Bordeaux. We both found all of our favorite dishes here (escargot, lobster, steak, veg, potatoes, creme brle, pistachio cake, etc). We loved how the chefs continually pushed around hot grills with food while you lounge by the pools, etc! The chefs also float around in the pools in kayaks passing out finger foods to guests in the pool. How amazing is that! Maroma Beach was the most beautiful beach we have been to at a resort. Very very clean, no rocks, white sand, awesome swimming & snorkeling area. You can also take romantic walks for several miles either way. Take your camera for gorgeous photo shoots! Definitely go to the Tortuga Bar!!! Swings instead of bar seats and the bartenders are soooo much fun!! Disappointments if you want to call it that---- We did take mosquito repellant - used it 2 times. Nothing to even complain about! Very slow service at dinner time. Plan to be there at least 1+ hrs. But well worth it!!! We were warned not to waste our time regarding the time share - we didn't participate. Out of all the places we have been----we cannot wait to return to Secrets Maroma on our very next vacation!! And to all of our new found friends ---- caw caw ca caw!!! We are all meeting back here again!! Yes, it was that Great!!!!