We just finished staying at SMB for our 4th Christmas, staying 16 days this year. Having stayed a total of 72 days over the past 4 years, we can honestly say that we have never had a bad or unpleasant experience. Always great food and accomodations, which has us returning year after year. But the truly best part is the service and management team. Thank you to GM Gino, Rafael Cordova, Daniel Navarro with special mention to Ivan and Barbara. A lot of reviews have covered details of tours etc. and we choose to just give our view of our experiences. One tip I will pass along is that with most travel agents and on-line websites, you are given an option for shuttle service to and from your resort. We learned several years ago, after having to wait for "the van" to be loaded and waiting on one or two people, and then dropping off, when all we want to do is "get to our resort", that there had to be some other way. We found out about Cancun Transfers. We go to their website about a month prior to our trip and book a private car. They wait outside the airport with a sign with your name, they load your luggage and off you go. We usually get to SMB in 25-30 minutes. It has also always cost less than our agent wants to chare. Only $82.00 return for the both of us. You don't pay until you are at the airport. We have used them for the past 3 visits and they have never let us down. As you read in the majority of reviews for SMB, the staff is impeccable! They are there to make your vacation perfect for you and no request is too small and always met with a smile. They are delightful and happy from the restaurant staff, pool concierges (Paulo, Kevin and Jamie), room concierge (Sandra, Carlos and Roberto), chefs (especially Chef Angel in Himitsu), bell hops, pool wait staff (Areceli and Gaspar). From the friendly girl in the morning who makes you the best cappaccino at Coco Cafe, to the World Cafe (Edgar, Antonio, and Freddie) Everyone there including the gardeners and cleaning staff always have an Hola for you! We are constantly asked by family, friends and aquaintances why we keep returning to the same resort and the answer is simple. Having been all over Mexico we have found the Mayan Riviera to be the best of the best. No resort can control the weather so that has never factored into our decision. We save all year to have one great vacation and to get away for Christmas. Why not return to the resort that gives us everything we want in food, accomodation and service. We have never found another resort (other than Secrets Capri) that once we have returned home rested, we truly feel like we have been pampered. We feel very fortunate to have found SMB and if you have any questions we would be more than happy to respond. And no, we are not travel agents, just a late 50ish couple who are delighted to share this jewel in the Mayan.