My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach for 5 nights in early December. It was wonderful! This Secrets does everything right and I would highly recommend it to other couples. More specifics: The room and facilities: We were in a preferred room on a higher levelwhich is what I recommend to others. I loved the view from our balcony! We could see the beach and much of the complex. The view from the lower floors would not be as nice and although a plunge pool such as those you can get on the first floor would be nice-I would not trade our view for it. The room was clean and comfortable, the mini-bar was refreshed every day, and we had an in-room coffee maker that produced a good espresso. The beach in front of the hotel was great-wide and soft white sand. Although I should note that if you walk away from the property you will start to see trash on the beach. The pools were also quite nice. I liked to sit at the infinity pool looking across to the beachgreat view and everything else I might want was close at hand. They do monitor the pool area so that you cannot claim a lounge in a prime location and then wander off for a few hours. I like that they do thisbut do wish they would give guests just a little longer then 30 minutes to return before moving their things. 45 minutes would be enough time for a relaxed breakfast. They also had a spa tennis courts, and fitness room although I did not use them. The food: A highlight. The World Caf was the only breakfast option (other than a continental breakfast at the preferred club) but it was excellent. There was sufficient variety of both Mexican and American dishes and the food was of high quality. I continually saw staff refreshing the dishes. They also had a couple stations for eggs so there was never a line for an omelet. The fresh fruit was awesome! For lunch we usually went to the poolside grill. They had great ribs. We also enjoyed the ceviche at the poolside restaurant. Finally, dinnerwe tried all of the restaurants except the Asian restaurant. Our favorite was El Patio (Mexican) but the other a la carte restaurants were also quite good. Be sure to order the lobster tacos at the Mexican restraint and the veal chop at the French restaurant. In addition to the restaurants they offered pool and beachside serviceand most afternoons the chef prepared some sort of special treat for the pool. The drinks: They had top shelf liquor (grey goose vodka, for example) at the bars-but I am a wine drinker so did not try any. For years I had difficulty finding wine I could enjoy at an all inclusive. Secrets had a nice blanc de blanc and a brut champagne that were both good for poolside drinking. They also made some very tasty champagne cocktails. The bars were a great place to meet new friends before going to dinner. The staff: It is the staff that makes this property special. Nothing was too much to ask. The guy who helped put up umbrellas around the pool, the servers, the bartenders, the maids, and the conciergeall were smiling, friendly, and helpful. This is especially impressive given the long hours many of the staff work. Stand-outs included Angie at the pool, Francisco at the Mexican restaurant, and Roberto, our concierge.