We stayed at the Secrets Maroma Beach in December 2011 from the 21st through the 28th. For simplicity I am breaking up this review of SMB into three parts, the Secrets, the Maroma, and the Beach. Secrets- This is an adults only all inclusive resort. This means that there will be people 18 and up at the resort. I have found that there are 2 factors that seem to be reoccurring themes in vacations that determine if I will be having fun or not. First is that there are no kids there. If you miss children you can go to the beach and walk 200 yards north along the shore and see the kids and families jammed in like sardines on the beach and in the water, screaming, crying, eating sand... Luckily the distance was enough to not only have us not notice the neighboring resort, but also not hear them and not care about those poor souls. Capacity is second. We were told that during Christmas, the resort is at about 60% with an increase in capacity up to 100% for New Years, the apparent opposite of family resorts. There is also a significant price difference that occurs during that time. Different price points seem to attract different clientele. If you are a dont talk to me or make eye contact because I am on vacation and bring me another cocktail type, you will probably fit in fine anywhere. We felt that guests we met and talked with were calm, down to earth types. There was a general lack of pretention and positive attitudes among the guests and staff. The more we vacation, the more we tend to make new friends on our Mexican adventures. We did notice that as the price point changed, so did the people and formality, after Christmas we noticed more people wearing cufflinks and jewelry at dinner. I was planning on sprucing it up by wearing socks but mine were all dirty already. I dont think that you can anticipate capacity but it does have an impact on service. Suddenly there were wait times at dinner at some restaurants, the lobby bar was more crowded, and one evening we didnt have hot water. Im not sure that this is entirely due to capacity or the season or what, but there seemed to be a shift. I should note that through our stay, there were plenty of open chairs on the beach and at the pool, and plenty of floats to go around. Secrets has a solid reputation for good food, drinks and service. All the food we had was good with the exception of the meatballs at the Italian restaurant. Not that I carry my nose so high in the air, but I am used to being pampered with Italian food with my family and in my home town. Also I cannot explain why with all the options on the menu I chose to order an entree of pasta with meatballs along with my very delicious sea bass entree. We were pleasantly surprised with the large variety of sushi available at Himitsu. The rolls are cut into 3 pieces, we are more accustomed to 6, and there were a lot of different kinds. They had no problem with us ordering almost the whole menu. We come from a part of the planet where sushi is kind of hit or miss and we were very pleased. If you ask to sit at the sushi bar, you can only order sushi but it gives you a birds eye view of the restaurant. You can watch a hibachi, the chefs preparing the sushi, and people watch the whole restaurant. People raved about Bordeaux, the French restaurant. Everything there was amazing, however it took about 2 hours to eat. Not that we had anywhere to go but it might be longer than some people expect. Drinks are good. Bartenders are prepared to mix up something to your liking, caipirinahs are my poison of choice and they are well made with my rum of choice everywhere in the resort. Shots are not watered down and are BIG so be careful. If you buy a round of free drinks for people, they will probably return the favor. They keep the Don Julio in the fridge which is a nice touch. I did notice that a martini I ordered at the Fire and Ice show did not have the vodka I requested, but I didnt really care. Maroma- I have no clue what the hell a Maroma is. I think it is the scent that is in the little candle pots around the resort; perhaps not, it is the name of the beach. There are several things which I feel are unique about this resort. The Coco Caf is a large hidden gem. It is a coffee shop located around the end of the lobby bar. They make a variety of cappuccinos, latts, whatever kind of iced or regular coffee drinks you are interested in. It also has a little glass case with pastries in the morning, sandwiches in the afternoon and desserts at night. It is a great place to go for serenity, if you could possibly tolerate any more. Its hours were 7:00 am to 11:00 pm, I think. We had no problems with mosquitos or bugs but SMB provided bug repellent wipes just in case. The cigar shop was well stocked and has very reasonable prices. There are sales that occur for cash on different days during the week and you can get deals if you are buying several cigars. There is also a cigar lounge above the humidor up a treacherous staircase. Lunch poolside was quite an event. Large woks of paella (I have no clue how to spell this but I think this is what it was) with rice and vegetables, shrimp, and other seafood were served. Pizza was served by waiters. Tacos were made to order on portable grills. Fresh fruit kabobs were served. It is quite the fiesta. You have to keep an eye on the birds though because they know when it is lunch time too. If you step away from your chow on the pool deck, it will be dive bombed. The pool side barefoot grill also serves delicious chicken, ribs, big burgers, fish, rice, salad, fries, nachos, nacho cheese, sushi, hot wings, and more. Yes, I did say sushi, all in the comfort of your bare feet and wet swim suit. There are just a few tables and chairs so you have to be quick to get one, or eat at your lounge chair. We did force ourselves to eat at a buffet one day for lunch. We were not disappointed. The swim out pools that we saw were private from the rest of the resort. You may have to share with a few neighbors but you wouldnt have to worry about any other guests doing cannon balls outside your back door. From what we heard, the swim out pools were heated, as is the pool with the swim up bar. The other pool is not heated. We had an ocean view suite which had a great ocean view on the 4th floor. Each building has a concierge. David was ours and was very attentive to our needs. We took some time to talk to him and he told us when he was going to be off and who to call then. The concierge is the person you call about more hangars, more pillows, replacing all the regular soda and sparkling water except the coke light with Fanta in the mini fridge, sending up extra Fanta, providing a foot soak filled with Fanta for me to soak my feet in to lift my spirits after a devastating beach volleyball loss, filling the Jacuzzi with Fanta, that kind of stuff. Alas he was not able to meet our needs with those last two requests but he is still an all around swell dude. David had our room decorated to celebrate my birthday, he also arranged for the staff to sing to me and give me a slice of chocolate cake on the beach with a side shot of tequila on my birthday. There are a variety of shows and activities. The band Quartzo? is really, really, good. The shows are good but own your choices, I mean how really thrilled are you going to be watching someone do card tricks. The theater is very comfortable with soft lounge chairs. On Christmas day, they showed the Bear - Packer game on a big screen projection TV complete with all the tailgate fixins except bratwurst. It was moved from the beach to the World Caf outdoor patio due to the threat of rain. They served coronas in buckets of ice and were quick to keep us true to our my team scores, you other team fans drink a shot game. This got us wildly intoxicated and was quite fun. It inspired a karaoke duet of Paul Revere and Baby Got Back at the Desires Nightclub which was having karaoke night. Luckily for all the guests, karaoke does not last long and they play danceable music and have a nice bar. Before I talk about the beach, the room is good sized, there is a built in couch in the room and on the balcony. There is a phone near the toilet so that you can call your friends in America for a $5 connection fee and additional charges while you preside over your kingdom. There is a spa channel and a separate secrets channel which is like a sepia tone national geographic special if you were really really high. There is no way to really explain it, sometimes there are voiceovers, people swimming naked with elephants, all kinds of weird stuff. The Playboy channel is free. Regrettably the tv always goes back to the now showing movies channel whenever you turn it on so you cant leave it on the playboy channel with the volume all the way up and tell your wife to see whats on while you slip into the shower. Beach- Why did you pick this resort? The beeeeeeach. It is truly fantastic. It is better than most people say. I heard a story of some honeymooners who stayed in their room and ordered room service for a week. After being at the beach for 5 minutes, that story will make you cry. The sand is soft and never too hot to walk on. It is soft like butter. We were blessed with some rough water for a few days which allowed us to play in the breakers and body surf without any fear of being scraped up if we got tumbled. Rougher water means that things will get churned up and there was some seaweed and some garbage in the water. Not like syringes or anything but an occasional piece of plastic or plastic bag and some seaweed, nothing unexpected. The surf did claim a pair of cheap sunglasses from me but I got a new expensive pair at the gift shop for only $20. A few days had calmer waters which made the water sports like kayaks more usable. We found that SMB had heated the ocean to an appropriate temperature. You can walk quite a ways, like miles, on the beach if that is what you are into. Although I can never seem to keep up with the latest European trends in mens swimwear, for both men and women being topless is always a classic look. Lets bring it back. We rented a beach bed for several days. It comes with its own butler who has an intricate satellite spy network set up to see when you set down or finish a drink so that he can bring you a fresh one. Kevin and Alejandro were true masters at making us comfortable, bringing us towels or whatever we needed. They expressed concern when they saw us returning from the pool with cocktails, seemingly fearful that they had missed an opportunity to get us a drink. They made the bed for us with towels in the morning and gave us cool damp towels to freshen up with when we arrived at the bed. There is a menu available also for food service, although I believe it extends to the whole beach. One quick note, you know why you dont eat nachos in bed at home? Well the results will be the same on the beach bed. The beach beds are on platforms with canopies and white sheer curtains attached at the top and bottom. These can be adjusted for privacy or shade as you see fit. The beach beds are staggered in two rows, some closer than others to the ocean, so be mindful when you are making your reservation. The presidential bed/deck is farthest from the ocean. Each bed also has a beach lounge chair beside it and is about 12-15 ft from the next bed over. Privacy was not a problem or concern for us and no one pelted me with ice cubes for snoring, however low privacy was the top reason my advances with my spouse were rebuffed. I will have to try more booze next time. I believe the beds are the same place the romantic dinner on the beach happens. They are available from 9am to 5pm. Secrets Maroma Beach exceeded our expectations. It is expensive, but from now on I know we will be comparing all of our vacations to this one, until we visit again.