We stayed at this resort in November 2011 for our winter break. Check in went smoothly at reception, friendly and efficient. Our room was well appointed and very clean and spacious (each room is a junior suite). This resort stood out a bit from other 5 star resorts we have been to on an all inclusive basis as all evening meals are served a la carte. The restuarants were outstanding, in decor and quality of service, the food was also outstanding in all restuarants we tried including French, Italian, Seafood and Mexican. Unfortunately our experience at the Steakhouse was dissappointing so we never returned there (very poor quality steak which my husdband just couldn't eat). I would like to think this was an exception as all other meals were superb. The staff are well trained in service and exceptionally polite and helpful and genuine with it. We do like a quiet vacation and spent most nights in the lobby bar after dinner or just before, the cocktails are wonderful and very well presented. There is an option to pay for bottles of wine however we found the house wine was enjoyable and sufficient for with dinner. Our days were spent by the pool area, which was peaceful in the mornings and became a little livelier every afternoon as you might expect. I suppose one criticism is why we must endure pool volleyball and all the yelling that comes along with it every day (the later in the day the louder it gets and if you don't want to hear it you had better move). The pool service was excellent and staff were on hand to serve you most of the day. Chefs often brought food round the poolside at lunchtime such as paella or BBQ items and the quality most of the time was excellent. The beach was beautiful and well kept (I think there was volleyball there too) - not sure what the obsession is with volleyball but there we have it. Location is excellent. We took a trip to Xel-ha which is a must if you enjoy snorkelling and only a short drive away. We booked out trip via the hotel and easy to do. You can easily spend a day at Xel-ha and if you want to you can swim with dolphins which are well looked after within the natural environment of Xel-ha. High points: quality of service, food and drinks. Clean room and well appointed. Resort is very well looked after. Lobby bar is wonderful. Low points: rowdy guests one night (resort needs to find a way to re-inforce its own rules here please). All said and done - would recommend this resort and would go back.