My husband and I stayed at the SMB from December 15th to 22nd to celebrate my 30th birthday. I can't say enough about this resort, it was simply a perfect vacation! You will hear "welcome home" the minute you arrive and all throughout your stay. They definitely go out of their way to make you feel at home and give you anything you need to be more comfortable. I'll agree with previous reviewers that when you first drive up to the resort, it's definitely not as impressive as some of the other resorts you will see in PDC. Don't let that fool you; what is behind the initial large cement structure is amazing! We upgraded to a swimup room and it was worth every penny! We were in building 24 which I would highly recommend. The pool is a lot more private than most of the other buildings. In building 23 for example, you have a walkway right in front of the swimup and the foliage is sparse so you can see right into the swimup rooms. But in building 24, the only walkway is on the end of the building next to the higher number rooms. We were in 2411, the second room in, and it was incredibly private. The water was very warm, much warmer than the main pool. We used our pool every single night. We only saw one other couple in there at the same time as us and they were all the way at the other end so it felt like it was our own pool. We brought one of the floating mats from the main pool to our room one night and kept it for the whole week. I'd book a swimup again in a heartbeat! Also, Alberto the concierge is a wonderful man! He had my room decorated on my birthday and personally delivered a beautiful birthday cake. The beach is stunning! We rented a beach cabana for our last day ($40US per day) and we wished we had rented one sooner, and more often! You are waited on like royalty! They have your name (Mr & Mrs) in a frame on the cabana which was a nice touch. They come by checking on your drinks constantly and also brought by fruit kabobs. They also bring you the lunch menu and you can have lunch delivered right to your bed. At one point, it started to rain a bit and they were all out closing the drapes on everyone's beds within seconds. We stayed in the bed and never got wet at all. I had requested bed #2 based on another reviewer and I'd highly recommend it as well. Total unobstructed view of the gorgeous ocean. You also have a chaise longue next to each cabana and they set it up for you in the sun in case you want to work on your tan. This whole experience was total luxury!! I've travelled to a number of all-inclusive resorts and the food here is far superior! Rack of lamb at Portofino is amazing, as was the escargot at Bordeaux. Scallops at Oceana and my husbands NY steak marinated in beer at the Seaside Grill were mouth-watering. The tempura ice cream at Himitsu was our ultimate favorite dessert! You can also make requests for different sides so don't be shy to ask if you want to switch something. They are incredibly accomodating and make good recommendations if asked. The resort was incredibly clean and very well maintained. I'd always see someone cleaning the washrooms or doing some gardening. The drinks were really good at all the bars. We brought our Ipad with us but did not purchase the wifi. Instead, every night before dinner we would go to the main lobby, grab a great drink from the bar (they have an extensive martini list and they are all good - I loved the toasted almond one!), listen to the live music (love the piano player and singing duo) and use the free wifi there. You have to ask the people at the front desk for the wifi code and it's only good for 60 minutes but that was more than enough for us to check-in with home. They gave us a new code every night when we asked for it, no questions asked. We didn't see the need to pay for wifi in our room when we could get it for free while enjoying the live music and great drinks at the lobby instead. I'd compare the service at this resort to be like "cruiseship service". I was shocked when the concierge who helped us book our beach cabana the day we arrive remembered it was my birthday the second he saw me get out of a tour van in the lobby! And when we went back to Portofino for a second time, our first waiter remembered what we drank and had our drinks sent to our table, even though we weren't sitting in his section and he wasn't our waiter that night! Amazing service everywhere we went! Unfortunately, the magic show wasn't to our liking but the Rock of Ages show was amazing! Everyone in the audience was up dancing and singing. It was so much fun! Whatever you do, do not miss that show!! From what I saw, I don't think the preferred club is worth the extra money. Our check-in/check-out process was very fast and smooth and we didn't pay for wifi. You can get the same continental breakfast at the Coco cafe (great coffees, including frozen flavoured lattes) if you are in a hurry in the morning. We didn't stay in the preferred club but the extra $$ didn't appear worth it to us. I don't know what else I can say about this resort! We didn't regret any minute or any dollar spent here. It was a perfect resort with amazing staff. We look forward to coming back here one day soon!