Initial reactions I had the pleasure of staying at this resort for two weeks in early December, 2011. Initial impression was very good, Ive seen nicer hotel fronts and lobbies, but it was still a very inviting-looking resort. The only gripe is the road from the main road to the hotel itself which is riddled with potholes. This apparently is common as nearly every resort in the area has the same type of entrance roads. A local told me its due to how the government owns parts of the roads leading up to the hotels and they dont care much about them. Its quite clear the hotel is secluded, and although there is another resort next door in one direction, the other is a thick impenetrable jungle. Check-in & Rooms We had booked a jungle view room with a king size bed as both swim out and ocean view rooms were already sold out. On arrival, it turned out that king-size bed rooms are on first-come basis, and as such we had to switch rooms 3 days later to get the king size bed. As annoying as that seemed at first, the two split beds were huge, nearly big enough for 2 people, so we didnt actually mind. We finally ended up in room 2033, with a fantastic view of the jungle. All swim-out rooms are all on the first floor (for obvious reasons), whereas view rooms are up on higher levels. We were on the third level (highest for our building) and we had an amazing view of the Jungle and the sunrises. Looking at the swim-outs and ocean views we were very happy we had booked this room, and according to hotel employees every room is exactly the same, theyre just in different locations. Another good thing about building 20 was that it was near the main hotel but off to one side, so it was quiet all the time. Swim-out rooms have nearly no view except of a pool. Room itself & Beds The rooms are huge and very spacious. The bathroom is big enough for 2 people and has two sinks. Theres a Jacuzzi bathtub, a stand-up shower room and a toilet room. The main area has the bed(s), two side tables, a flat screen TV inside a large commode, a lowered area with a sofa, a table and a desk, and then a balcony that has a sofa and chairs on it. Its more than enough space for two people. Theres also a free-to-use mini-bar stocked with water, soft drinks and beers that will be refilled daily. The odd thing about the toilet is that it uses the same type of door as the shower, a thick glass-door that doesnt really close as its on a swinging hinge. The glass itself is not see through but there is a large hole where the door handle is. Luckily the toilet fan is very loud so it will drown out any noise, so its not an as uncomfortable experience as one may initially think. The Jacuzzi bathtub is a nice touch, but its unfortunately not very functional as it takes forever to fill due to water coming out very slowly, and the bubbles could be better. The beds are incredibly comfortable. So comfortable in fact that Im on the hunt to find out what mattresses they use so I can buy one for home. I have rarely slept so well. I will say that the queen-size mattresses we had before the room got changed felt better than the king-size but the king was also amazing. Even with jet-lag I would wake up in the middle of the night and not want to get out as it was so cozy. The hotel will re-fill your mini-bar and also put plenty of water bottles around the room. They also give you anti-mosquito wipes (2 per day, although we stopped getting them after we put out our own on display). There is also a turn-down service around 8pm that will change old towels, fix up your bed and give you some chocolates and a printout showing tomorrows weather and which restaurants are open and all the activities available the next day. We were amazed how continuously fixed up and clean our room felt. We didnt really have any complaints about the room apart from the Jacuzzi-part and that in both rooms we were in, the closet doors were always hard to close (too big). Hotel grounds & Pool(s) The hotel is pretty to look at but on the outside its quite basic. Its much more pretty at night when palm trees, pools and fountains are lit up. The grounds however, are beautiful. The gardeners clearly work their butts off keeping everything neat, and theres blooming flowers and loads of palm-trees and various other bushes and shrubs all around. All paths twist and turn, so its almost like a maze. Theres also plenty of wild life everywhere including some funky half-raccoon animals, lots of Iguanas and very clever (but annoying as they steal your food) birds. Theres a large open-air (but covered) theater in one area where most of the nightly entertainment takes place. A fountain right in front leads you slowly down to a sports bar and the main pool which surrounds the sea side grill and ocean side grill. On the right side of the pool is the lunch-time barefoot grill and another bar, and just behind the pool beyond a few palm trees, theres a white-sand beach and the tropical sea. Its very pretty. In the main hotel building theres 4 restaurants of which 3 have outdoor seating (Mexican, Italian, French). Japanese is inside-only. Theres also a bar, 4 computers with free internet (WIFI is sadly not free except for 1 hour a day in the lobby area, but honestly we felt like we didnt need it with the computers there) and a coffee-house (Starbucks-style). Theres also a fairly good souvenir shop and a nice clothing store (that changed clothes daily) and a cigar shop. Theres sun chairs and beds (quite literally) scattered throughout the pool area and even hidden in some places, and more of them on the beach. All of them have umbrellas and the beach ones have thatched roofs. We rarely had any issues finding beds although the main pool area will fill up fairly quick. The beach was never full. If you do not leave something on your sun bed they will collect your towels and you may lose it. We liked this as it prevents hoarding. Apparently they also clear off any towels in the morning, so theres no early birds stealing beds. Beach towels are easy to find and theres plentiful, you can change them whenever you want. Theres also showers near the beach.The main pool contains a swim-up pool bar and the water is warm. The pool nearest the ocean is a cold water pool and perfect for those wanting to swim (to stay in shape, youll need it!). Theres floats to float around on so you dont need an air mattress. On the beach theres a pretty beach-bar on the left beach-entrance that uses swings instead of bar-chairs, and its surrounded by more private lounging where you can draw curtains if desired. Theres also private dining in this area at night and its quite stunning. I did have some very minor gripes. First, the bar nearest the ocean is more of a servers bar (meaning, youll only go there if you really need a drink quickly), and it felt a bit dull and out of place. I would have liked it to look more like a beach bar which would be easy enough to do. Also, if youre on the beach, the toilets will feel like a bit of a trek. I did see them building something behind the servers bar, so perhaps this is being rectified. Service Ill do this section before I touch on food & drinks, because this is part of everything. The service is no short of outstanding. From breakfast to lunch to dinner, to room service, staff, cleaners, entertainment people, bell boys, reception the list goes on. Everyone, with perhaps the rare that one guy, was truly amazing. Everyone was truly happy, friendly, and always went well out of their way to make even the smallest thing memorable. This of course assumes that you treat the staff with some respect and that youre friendly in return. We saw some guests who were acting very rudely and I really could not understand why some people treat staff like theyre slaves. Even these people were treated with smiles although they did not deserve it. If you speak a few words of Spanish the staff will love you even more. We made friends with a few of the staff who happened to serve us at our favorite restaurants and at breakfast, and we will truly miss them. After two weeks they became like friends. Manuel in World Caf who told us about the different areas of Mexico at breakfast and flambed Singapore pineapples at lunch while giving us the rundown on different chilis. He was working his butt off and it showed. Or Cleydorn at the sea side grill who was as happy to see us as a parent who hasnt seen their kids in a year. Theres many, many, names of staff that we had such wonderful encounters with. I cant say I ever learned names of staff at other hotels Ive stayed at. When you are on your sun beds there will be waiters walking around continuously asking if you want anything to drink, so youll never have to lift a finger. I find nothing to complain about whatsoever service-wise, its just amazing. I know others have complained about the concierge not answering the phone, ours didnt either, but there was never anything front desk couldnt fix just as fast. And apart from one day which may have been our own fault (possibly left the do not disturb light on), the mini bar was always restocked. Tipping We are not American and therefore not accustomed to tipping unless it was extraordinary (and our rep. told us not to tip unless it was). We felt it wasnt needed either, as there is not much of change in service if you do or dont. The staff dont expect it and I almost feel like its a bad trend to tip if its all inclusive. If someone made your trip better, give them something in the end to make you feel better if you must. Food & Drinks Breakfast is very good, its a huge buffet and theres stations where you can have your eggs cooked to your liking (including omelets) and everything youd expect including the unexpected (loads of Mexican-style breakfast choices). I think its served from 7 to 11. Lunch was also good. We ate at the Barefoot Grill a few times, but it gets old quite quickly as its mostly the same every day. The World Caf lunch-buffet is fantastic though. I highly recommend the cooked-to-order Spaghetti Bolognese, slightly spicy. Its seriously good. Lunch starts at 12.30 and at 13:00 for the World Caf. At night, we tried all restaurants except the Ocean side (seafood  I dont eat seafood) and although they are all at least great, for us there were two that stood out above the others, the Mexican and the Sea Side Grill. We ate at these countless times and found them to be excellent. The Mole chicken at the Mexican is mouthwatering, and the steaks were always cooked to our exact specifications (and were huge) at Sea Side Grill. We did the Himitsu at-the-cooking-table food-show one night at the Japanese and had really fun, the food that came out of it was also good. If you eat at the sea-side grill, make sure to try the Coconut ice-cream as dessert, its mindbogglingly good. Youll be eating yourself to death, theres non-stop food, and should you somehow manage to go hungry, either the caf in the main building has sandwiches or you can order room service (for free!). I had the club sandwich one late night from room service and it was delicious. Drinks and cocktails were always great. They use top shelf liquor and its all included except for some special champagnes and tequilas or brandies. Theres a load of special hotel cocktails to choose from (apart from every normal cocktail ever invented) and some are really good. The pomegranate Cosmo and Pink Flamingo to name two. Wine is free if you stick to the house wine (2 reds, 1 rose, 2 whites), and its a very good Chilean brand that will be fine unless you feel like you must have something special. In that case, theres a fairly basic wine-list with wines from regions around the world. You can drink yourself to death 24/7 if you so wish, and its probably quite easy to do so when everything tastes so good. We saw someone having tequila shots for breakfast, so thats saying something. Luckily people didnt seem to get too drunk. Timeshare This is a gripe, because you will see lots of it and might be tricked in to it. Id say this is a big negative with the hotel even though its hassle-free. They might tell you that you have coupons waiting at the front desk or that they want to show you a different hotel or something, its all timeshare in the end. Youll see plenty of people going for it, theyll be dressed up and look out of place, and they will always be shown the rooms that face the ocean. One guest told us they had sat through one of them and it had taken no more than 2.5 hours, and they ended up getting free tickets to Xcaret (worth $100 / person at least), so I guess if you can stand it, it might be worth the time. If not, as little as it bothers you, it lessens the experience that theres people running around looking to buy a timeshare while youre on a luxury vacation. Outside of the Hotel (Excursions) We booked with our rep. but theres other options if you wish to do it by yourself or with a fixed price Taxi. We went to Xplor, Xcaret and Coba and loved all of them. Coba was great as you are still allowed to climb the pyramid itself (and its much nearer than most others). Xplor was a really fun adventure day (start with the zip lines as they can get crowded) and Xcaret was just so big we barely saw half of it, and the night show at the end is a must-see, seriously! Each one deserves their own review but they were all excellent. We also went to Playa del Carmen twice, once during the day and once at dusk. Its not a hassle-free zone by any means, but Id say go at night as theres more people then and less of a hassle to shop. Theres a few great shops and a lot of repetition of others. Make sure you compare prices!! And haggle. For Mayan goods (masks, hammocks, clothing, textiles) I oddly enough recommend the gift shop at Xcaret which had very competitive prices and was absolutely huge (their Mayan crafts village is good too inside Xcaret), or theres some other Mayan shops if you do tours (our Coba tour had a stop at one). A hand-made hammock was 300 pesos in the Mayan villages, and much more even after haggling in Playa del Carmen, just to give an idea. In Conclusion In conclusion there were very few negatives with this hotel, and a whole lot of very positive. Id come back in a heartbeat if I was in the Yucatan area as we had such a wonderful time that we didnt want to leave. Its an amazing hotel, that very well may look like a lot of others in the area, but we loved the smaller size (compared to some), the very spacious rooms and the outstanding service. Do not hesitate to book a few weeks here, you will love it.