I've only stayed at one other All Inclusive before, one of the Sandals locations, so I don't have a lifetime of experience to compare Secrets to, but I can't imagine the service getting much better than this. SMB is what I think of when I picture "all inclusive". All meals and drinks included (including name brand stuff), a stocked mini-bar and 24 hour room service. But they go beyond that. The service is outstanding. You can literally ask any employee for anything, and they'll get it for you. With a smile and a "it's our pleasure". Truly outstanding, in my opinion. The food is just plain amazing. Gourmet food selections in each restaurant. And there are few of them; Italian, Japanese, French, Seafood, Steak-House, and, of course, Mexican. As you would expect from a high-end place, the quality of the food and the presentation are carefully done. And the portion size encourages the tasting of multiple courses. You can have appetizer, soup, main course and desert, and not leave feeling over-stuffed. And the coffee-house is a great touch. For those of us who are addicted to our multi-syllabic caffeine drinks, you can stop by all day for latte, capp, coffee and deserts/sandwiches all day long. One of my favorite parts of the place. The grounds are spotless, employees are everywhere, and for those of us who didn't take the time to learn Spanish, they all speak very good English. There's always someone to ask for help, instructions, what time X is open, etc. We had the Swim-up suite with Preferred Club. I thought as long as we were splurging for vacation, we should get the upgrade. The members-only club is fairly small, about 25 or so seats, but it was never packed. You could stop in anytime they were open to relax in semi-private with a personal bartender who seemed to be there no matter what time we came in, he must work 15 hour days! Again, the service in the club was excellent. Rooms have daily maid service and nightly turn-down service. And security was never an issue. Rooms have private safes, of course. One day we forgot to lock ours, and returned to our room to find our concierge waiting for us to inform us the safe was open, and to ask us to check our valuables. Might be to cover themselves, but it's clearly labelled that your stuff is your own responsibility, and they could have just left it open. Points to SMB for this one. Rooms are high quality, no complaints. More than enough room for 2 people, and the swim-out pool really is a nice benefit. Multi-stepped up to about 4' deep, great to relax in seclusion. The pool is shared between suites on the first floor, but he far end of the pool is "walled off" by plants and landscaping so you feel like you're off the property. Pool area and beach are excellent also. Always plenty of towels, always plenty of space, and wait-service everywhere. Just to be nit-picky, they could do with more wait-staff at the beach, it looks like they only had 1 or 2 at a time, and they really ran their butts off. And I'm not the type who likes to be bothered on the beach by someone selling hats or sunglasses. Seriously, I'm at an all-inclusive, and on the beach. I have no cash on me, and I won't tomorrow either. Overall it was an amazing week. Easy to eat at a completely different place every night for a week and never leave the grounds or rely on room service. You're taken care of 24 hours a day. The clientele was always respectful, never had to deal with drunk/rowdy guests. Quite and restful for the whole week. We will be back.