We just returned from an amazing 7 nights at SMB. Best vacation ever! I like to highlight everythingeven things that can be tweaked/corrected/improved if needed. We scheduled our transportation with Cancun Transfers (4th time using them) and were not disappointed. Our driver even provided us with cold Coronas. Round trip was $82 for the 2 of us, private transfer. Check in: Upon arrival to the resort we were greeted and immediately taken by golf cart to the Preferred Club for check in. Our check in was quick, smooth and fantastic. We were greeted with cool washcloths and champagne. Our building concierge, Roberto, was off on the day that we arrived but he quickly tracked us down the next day and introduced himself. He was fantastic! We could not have asked for a better concierge. Room: We were booked in Building 25 (our agent requested 16 but we didnt receive it and we were totally fine with it as 25 is where we will continue to book). Bldg. 25 has shade over the swim out so most people want the other side. It was totally fine for us. We also booked a swim out suiteamazing. The water was perfect. Definitely not too cold. It is heated. We were in it every day. We absolutely would not do anything other than the swim out now. The rooms are beautiful and you always have plenty of room with his and her closets, safe, TV, mini bar, fridge, shower, double Jacuzzi tub, desk, couch, nightstands, ipod player, etc. Our maid service was fantastic every day! We used turn down service twice and it was fantastic as well. We always had plenty of towels and toiletries. We did have to request that our fridge get restocked a couple of times. We found that it wasnt done as needed but after making a call they took care of it right away. I do wish that the swim out rooms were given 2 beach towels to use on their patio. We would bring 2 with us every day from the beach, but having them available at the room would be nice. We would also use a towel across the floor as well for coming in from the pool as the marble is super slick. We would have a drink occasionally in the Preferred Club and then choose to bring a drink back. They would put the drink in a plastic cup for us to bring back. It was nice being able to do that. Our first full day we spent 8 hours in our pool and ended up calling room service for a 6 pack of Bud Light. They brought it right to us in the pool. Great service!! Our favorite room service person was Jaime. He went above and beyond to take care of us! He even brought food straight to us in our pool. He was fantastic! We never had a problem with mosquitos and were prepared for them due to reviews. We saw 2 the whole time there in our swim out. Room service is fantastic! We cant review on the restaurants for dinner as we did room service every night for dinner and once for breakfast. We go to solely relax with no time constraints, no need to get dressed up, etc. Room service was always great. If you dont see it on the room service menu just ask for it. Sometimes you can get itsometimes you cant. The secret box is fantastic. Pools: They are beautiful but we didnt use them since we had our own. Beach: Absolutely beautiful , well taken care of beach. We love this beach! We tried to rent a palafito (cabana or beach bed) our first full day but they were booked so we booked it for the next day through our last day (5 days). Find the pool concierge by the palafitos near Bar Tortuga, the swing bar. An absolute must and well worth the $40 per day. You dont have to worry about finding a chair on the beach as yours is ready for you whenever you get there. We knew that we could get up, go eat breakfast and head to the beach and our bed would be ready for us with our name on it (nice touch). Alejandro and Kevin were absolutely amazing with us for the week! We could have received better butlers on the beach. Once we arrived daily they would make our bed, close the sides off if we preferred, ice our bucket of water, pull out our lounge chairs and lie the towels on them and then they were at our service all day for drinks, food, whatever. If you never want to leave the bed for anything then dont! They are there for you all day. We typically would lie out in the loungers, get into the water (also amazing!), come back and lie out longer, do lunch, water, lie out and then in the bed for a nap or to get out of the sun. Our only complaint was that we had a couple who brought their chairs and sat in front (not directly but in direct view) of us for the last 3 days. They were asked by management to move and they refused (sadly some people are just rude), but other people were very respectful when they were asked to not place loungers there. This was money well spent and we will reserve these in the future. We do wish that somehow they could get the taco carts and other carts that make it around the pool down here as we missed them most of the time due to enjoying it down there. Rent beds 2 or 3those are your best view. We had bed 2 all week and would get that one again. Meals: We ate at Oceana several times for lunch as well as Barefoot Grill. Great food. We do wish that they had Shrimp Ceviche and Crab Won Tons like DRC does, but the food is great at both places. The taco carts around the pools are fantastic tacosbest ever! We did World Caf for breakfast every morning. You can get anything that you want there. The crepes are fantastic and the girl making the crepes (I didnt catch her name) does such a great job and is so sweet. Entertainment: It was all our own. There is much to do there but again, we didnt feel like going anywhere most of the time so we didnt partake. There is literally anything that you want to do thoughgo to a movie, see a show, disco, etc. We cant speak good enough about this resort. We will return next year for a longer stay and will recommend to everyone!