I won't repeat what has been said here hundreds of times... the food, service, beach, etc being great. They all are. AMAZING. Don't hesitate. The food is like going to a nice restaurant in Canada. Not a 'top end' restaurant, but a really good one. The food was good for sure. We typically enjoy staying at more 'down home local friendly' resorts, which on the western side of Mexico are priced fabulously and are amazing. But I HATE the lower priced AI resorts on the eastern side... they're just different. So for our honeymoon we splurged and came to Secrets Maroma. Everything was WONDERFUL! However, if you're not into fancy frills treatment (ie. drink service at pool/beach, food service at pool, luxe chairs at both), and don't want to get a swim out... well... not complaining about anything, but probably don't bother staying here for the price it is. But if you want luxury, this is your place! Neither my husband or I are into fancy treatment, so while the above things were nice, we're perfectly happy to get our own drinks, food, hang on plastic chairs, etc. Two things made this property SO worth the money for us: 1) The swim out suite. Almost nobody used them in other buildings from what we could see, and very few people in our building even used it, even though ours was in FULL sun all day! We spent many a day swimming in the warmest, most beautiful 'private' pool, and sunning on the deck. Many a night were also well spend skinny dipping after dinner. The swim out room made our trip what it was. Even if the service had been bad (wasn't), or the food been crummy (wasn't), the money would have gone to good use on how much we enjoyed our (seemingly private) pool. THE BEST. Really can't emphasize that enough. 2) Gibran (a pool side server). We seriously don't mind getting up to get our own drinks. Especially because on vacation in Mexico, it's fun to have daytime drinks and swim in the pools and we don't expect anyone to serve us at the rate we drink when we're in the mood. While the other servers were polite and great, Gibran went above and beyond. He found us spots at the pool even when we were late to arrive (his section or not), and once we ordered the same drink more than once he would just bring another.... he chatted freely with us. He was pretty much the only reason we left our swim out pool during the day to stay at the main pool. A HUGE asset to the resort. I know when people recommend certain people at the resort on tripadvisor, I usually forget their names. But remember to look for Gibran. He is really special. Everything at this resort was amazing. But the reason we will be returning (in many years when we can afford it again), is for the swim out rooms (especially block 21). It really doesn't get more luxurious. Enjoy your stay, it's beautiful. PS. Take a collectivo ($12 round trip for two adults) to Tulum. $7 for two admission. Rather than get a guided tour, we just tagged along with other guided tours. Beautiful day, and try Charlie's in town for the best fish tacos. PPS. Recommend taking collectivos everywhere. So cheap and fun.