First of all, I should mention that my husband and I were both suspicious of the other reviews of Secrets Maroma Beach - we thought they were too good to be true and perhaps even fake. But after a 5-night stay, we can vouch for the fact that the good reviews are accurate! We have previously traveled to both Secrets Capri and Secrets Silversands and found that our Maroma experience was the best of the 3, even though we also had an absolutely great time at the other Secrets properties. Overall, this resort is fantastic. I will outline the good and the bad, but keep in mind that the "bad" stuff is really only if you're REALLY looking for things to complain about. The good: -the beach is beautiful - sugary white sand! -the private beach cabanas are totally worth the extra $40 USD per day - awesome service and total relaxation -the staff at this resort are incredible. Super friendly and helpful - just awesome -the food was good, and we enjoyed the variety of restaurants -the drinks were delicious -our room was clean and comfortable. We had a swim-out room in building 16 which was lovely. It had a heated pool and plenty of sun, and it felt private -concierge service was great - thanks Roger! -the facilities are in good shape - the staff do a good job of taking care of the property -the music in pool area was different every day and always enjoyable -transfer to/from hotel was easy (we booked through WestJet Vacations) -the little things, like the giant screen for watching Monday night football and the Tuesday evening stargazing party, were really fun! The bad (again -- LOOKING for things to complain about here!): -the bathroom area of the room was not very private (the toilet area only had a frosted glass door and there is no proper door to the bathroom area) -one of the womens toilets near the pool did not have a toilet seat -there were some ants in the room -the power went out for about 20 minutes one day -the sales pitch at check-in for the timeshare/"travel agency" was not a friendly way to be welcomed to the hotel  it left a bad impression on us for the first day -both of us had upset stomachs one day (but this often happens in Mexico) -on a few different occasions, there was a bad smell near the sports bar area (possibly due to a sewer?) -could have used some extra towels for the swim-out room (but we also could have called and asked for some) Despite the few bad things listed above, I have to say again how great this resort is. We would definitely recommend this place to friends and family. As we were leaving, we were envious of the people arriving! Book it and have a great vacation!