We stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach for 5 nights at the end of February 2011. We had never stayed at an all-inclusive and were willing to take the chance. Our travel agent suggested this resort and were we ever impressed. Direct transfer from the airport to the hotel was smooth and seamless. We were taken by golf cart from the front of the main building to the Club check-in, Again, smooth and seamless. We were offered an upgrade to the Presidential Suite (which we later found out was the Imperial Suite), which we took, at an extra $1,000. It was worth every penny for the upgrade. Amazing room, about 2,000sf. Minibar was a kitchen (no stove). Two terraces, jacuzzi and direct oceanfront. The resort is gorgeous, the staff incredible and amenities excellent. I was worried that I would not like not being able to eat what I wanted when I wanted, but that was never the case. Room service was great if you needed a snack before dinner. The many dining options ranged from good to excellent. The experience is not about the food, so I did not set my sights terribly high. I was pleased with the food overall (an 8 out of 10). The beach is amazing, the water perfect and again, the staff serving on the beach went above and beyond. I had booked us in a swim-out club suite, which I am sure would have been great. Having the upgrade made that whole experience perfect. There were ONLY two negatives. One was the pool volleyball. If you are sitting near the net when the activities begin and you don't want to get annoyed, move. The other was regarding the huge L shaped sofa in the suite. It smelled. I guess the overuse of Febreeze and the occasional humidity impregnating the fabic gave it a smell. Not horrible, but a smell. We arrived on a Thursday and the place never felt crowded. By Saturday, the place was full and it felt full, but never crowded. Always found a chair at the pool, always had a table where and when for dinner. By Monday, the place was "quiet" again. Oh, we are a gay couple. The staff was totally cool and there was no sense of homophobia from any guests.