All of the wonderful things said in previous reviews are true: immaculate grounds, beautiful, modern decor, genuinely friendly and helpful staff, pretty good food (for an all inclusive resort), and beach was great (compared to others I have been to in Mexico) but here are some small issues to be aware of: 1. I really only have one true complaint: private events. The first night we arrived, we wanted to take a walk and check out the facilities. This was nearly impossible thanks to the massive amount of private parties (wedding dance, corporate dinner, live band for a private group dinner). We felt like we were intruding and didn't want to walk through the events so ended up back in the room. The first night was the worst as far as events around the pool area but it made us feel a little uncomfortable the rest of the trip - not knowing if it was a private event or a public resort event (ex. resort BBQ). Clearly, many couples are deciding this is the perfect place to have their weddings. I agree - its beautiful, all inclusive, etc but with the weddings often come large groups of young adults - don't get me wrong, we are both 28 but I am on vacation to relax, not to listen to the frat party next door at 1 in the morning. We only encountered this once and apparently we weren't the only ones who didn't appreciate it because the music was turned off in about 30 min and the party dispersed within 1 hour. This resort needs to be very careful with the amount of private events overtaking the resort and continue to be diligent about breaking up the after bar parties in the rooms. 2. Be careful if you use the iHome radio for an alarm - our clock was off two hours on arrival so we changed to correct time. Next day it was two hours off again. This happened to another couple we talked with there and they had been using the clock as their alarm and luckily didn't have anything planned for the day because they would have overslept. 3. We bought internet for the entire week for 804 pesos ($67). We had good signal but only on our bed - unable to use in living room area or porch. Did not work at all one day - called front desk and they said service techs were working on it. 4. A little disappointed when we arrived to find a schedule indicating which nights each restaurant would be open/closed. I was under the impression they were open every night but this was not the case - there are many options so we just had to plan our meals out a bit more but it was particularly frustrating that during our entire stay the steakhouse was only open 2 out of the 6 nights! Also, the room service menu was a bit limited. Overall fabulous stay - best all inclusive I have been to and best resort I have been to in Mexico overall.