We visited SMR in November 2010. We traveled with several other couples -one who had not been to AI before nor Mexico but is well traveled and the other who had been to Mexico several times and lastly ourselves who had been 8 times prior to Mexico but never Secrets. Several weeks prior to departure we checked and they were overbooked. After some negotiations we were able to spend our first two nights at Zoetry and get a cert to come back for four free nights within a year so we jumped all over that one (I did a review of Zoetry last year but not Secrets). Had a fabulous time just like countless others and our first time AI's said it was one of the nicest resorts they ever stayed at. Well we returned for our free nights in October and I'll review on that. Very consistent from last year- no drop in service or quality. Found ourselves in food coma and needing detox after the trip. We did every restaurant once except the steak. Breakfasts in World Cafe don't miss the crepes or the Aztec Cakes but there is something for everyone. Watch out for aggressive birds if you sit outside there. When you get up to go inside for something extra I saw several birds divebomb onto people's plates (they won't bother you while sitting there, just attack tables with food left on them). I"m allergic to seafood but rest of party raved on the sea bass and other seafood dishes. Because of this I opted to have a filet mignon every night and can say it was very good- best beef I've found in Mexico. Doesn't quite rival my fave steakhouse here in the states but very,very good. Also love the burgers by the pool, Mayan Coffee in the Mexican, onion rolls in the dinner restaurants, and tempura ice cream in hibachi. Lots of healthy stuff-haha.-- but there is plenty of healthy food and fresh fruits if you so desire. Liquor- top shelf- just make sure to ask for it. House wines acceptable and usually had a glass with dinner. Other than free internet Preferred Club really isn't worth it to us personally. We had Preferred Club first trip and not the second. Other plus is closer buildings to the beach but we ended up close to the beach without preferred club as well. Did notice that the turndown service and fridge stocking wasn't as good this year and never had a single towel animal but those are so minor really not worth mentioning. Loved the beach and beach service as well. A bit overcast some days due to rainy season but no rain during our time there. Sand is soft and beautiful and water blue. Not much to say that hasn't already been said but we summed up this trip by deciding that we don't see any reason to go elsewhere on our future couples trips because we may be disappointed. (