Got back yesterday morning and here is my very honest opinion about the whole experience. I am trying to only mention things that no one had said before. Overall it was one of the best holidays we have ever had and we go on holidays a LOT, always to 5* hotels (Mauritius, Egypt, South Africa, Greek Islands and Vegas all in the last 2 years). Cancun airport The only thing to make you aware of here is that there are two queues when you get off the plane: a quick one for immigration where you get your passport stamped, and a second ridiculously slow one to get your luggage screened through the X ray machine. Be prepared for that, i.e. bring a bottle of water from the plane and use the bathroom before you queue. Secrets Maroma Beach Transfer time is v quick. Took us 25 mins door to door from the airport to the hotel. A breeze. The hotel is SUPER UGLY. I was absolutely shocked when I saw it. It looks nothing like the pictures on their website. The entire thing is an ode to concrete. The building is concrete, the walkways are concrete, even the floor of the pool leading from the lobby to the main pool is a dirty grey/brown colour. Also the sunloungers are packed close together like sardines around the main pool. So on arrival, my first impression was underwhelming. However, my disappointment in the appearance of the place was tempered when we were offered a cold towel and a glass of sparkling wine and whisked off quickly to our room. Along the way we saw lovely fountains and tropical plants, brightly-coloured birds and butterflies and a few lizards. That perked me up and I started to ignore the concrete. We were put in 1514, a swim-out suite. THANK GOD for the swim-out. The main pool has a huge number of enthusiastic people in it, whooping hollering and high-fiving each other from 11 am to 5 pm every day. It sounds like a nightclub. We sat by our swim-out most days or went to the beautiful beach which is peaceful and calm. So, if you want a boisterous party holiday then don't bother with a swim-out and go straight to the main pool. If you want a bit of peace and quiet then book a swim-out. Everything else is exactly as other people have said. Amazing rooms. Comfiest beds I have slept on in years. Amazing amazing food and drinks available all day long: grilled shrimp, lobster tails, steak, smoked salmon, scallops, excellent quality wines and other drinks. Free room service 24 hours a day. Beautiful beach with pure white sand and turquoise warm sea. Fantastic staff who could not do enough to help and had pleasure in answering all requests. We thought the whole thing was brilliant value and we would definitely go back. One final thing - weather: 30 degrees every day, most days were sunny in the morning and cloudier in the afternoons with a few spots of rain. Lovely balmy evenings with stunning sunsets. Great weather for tanning!