first of all, i have to thank tripadvisor for providing such a travel tool. have had very good experiences after weighing out pros and cons from other travellers. so away we went in high hopes of a good time to celebrate our 25th anniversary. we were met at the airport by our FAMAR driver. i just booked one way with beer on board as a treat. (we took a taxi back to airport- also very good- and much less $$). arrived at hotel for cocktail hour i guess, as the lobby bar was buzzing. had a quick drink, then whisked in golf cart to our 'preferred club ocean view' room. had hoped for a 4th floor, but we were on the 3rd floor bldg 26. just perfect! didn't see the view til daylight, and were happy with view of both pool area and ocean- with palm trees framing it all up. it was great to have a room so handy to the beach and the preferred club was really nice. we popped in for a bite and drink at least once a day. especially on our way to dinner. nice to doll up and meet fellow 'clubbers'... hey texas! on that note it was surprising to see what some consider appropriate resort-wear. hey folks, there IS a dress code.leave your car washing duds at home. the restaurants were all good. especially the french. and still can't get over the amazing food by the pool. the RIBS! YUM. we'd load up our plates and take lunch to our beach chairs. had a couple of breakfasts from room service. really good. world cafe buffet had anything you could dream of for breakfast. loved hanging out oceanside. wedding watching was fun. the beach loungers are so comfortable. had thought we'd splurge for the $40 beds but not necessary. where the hotel is on that beautiful beach is perfect. no other resort on one side so nice private beach walks in that direction. all of the service was top notch. so many happy staffers all over to bring drinks. and carlos our concierge a doll! our room was perfectly tended to twice a day. impressed to see non-stop workers all over. the whole property is immaculate. it seems secrets employees genuinely enjoy their jobs. the entertainment staff keeps things lively. other than the shows, which were all a lot of fun, we didn't do any of the MANY other activities. just nice to know there is stuff to do if you get restless. our spa treatments were wonderful. good timing as it POURED the day we booked. bit pricey but you can use coupons to help. we only had one night with yahoos next door. sheeshk- drinking and swearing til 6 a.m. this is not the place for that low-grade behaviour. security helped, but that was a long night. overall though, great fellow guests from all over. many a special celebration. this is a very romantic peaceful place. we have stayed at MAROMA (2 doors down) and loved it , but it isn't all-inclusive. and almost too quiet. have also stayed at LE BLANC(cancun). it is perfect, but doesn't have the tropical setting on that baby-powder beach and lush gardens. there too, pretty dead at night. also loved GRAND VELAS(puerto vallarta) but that beach doesn't compare and not as fun as secrets where you can take or leave group stuff. the odd day things got kind of loud at the pool, but we were happy under our palapa at the beach. after we were dropped off, we did not see or hear a car for 10 days. ahhhhh. this is THE place. great escape from city life. and oh so very romantic! don't think we'll wait another 25 years to visit again. thanks secrets, for making our trip that wonderful.