You really cant go wrong with this choice. The staff are excellent, and the place is beautiful. If I were to offer any advice I would recommend it more for a vacation than for a honeymoon. For something special I would rather be somewhere a little more exclusive with a lot more privacy. Clearly just a personal preference as most rooms were marked with honeymoon banners and looking at the other reviews not everyone minds spending this time in shared spaces with so many others doing the same thing. We received an upgrade to a room with a swim-out entrance in the preferred club section. We took advantage of it, the water was warm and unlike the main pool it was not busy. Before you pick one of these rooms you need to realize these are all shared pools. One afternoon we had people smoking at pools edge on one side of us and on the other side a couple was complaining about their lack of privacy, as if they were expecting all the other guests in earshot to go inside for their benefit. Our room was attractive. It had a comfortable bed and an exposed bathtub for two. Our main complaint was the noise. The rooms all have a service cabinet at the entrance with a separate outside and interior door where you can receive and drop your dishes without having to open the main door. It seems like a great idea, but possibly as a result of it, there is absolutely no soundproofing between the room and the corridor. It is really annoying every time someone passes by. Particularly when anything is being wheeled by in the early hours of the morning or drunk people are returning to their rooms late at night. Our room location on ground level near an elevator obviously did not help the situation. The beach is nice, and the staff is hard at work by sunrise to rake up the seaweed and bury what they can before most guests are out. I assume the seaweed issues are seasonal, I dont think this beach would be as renowned otherwise. We were here in November. All-in-all this is a solid choice for a large, adults-only, all-inclusive resort.