My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma 11/9/2011 - 11/16/2011 for our 30th Anniversary and her 50th birthday . We booked through Orbitz and did have a couple of issues with our transfer which was with Grey Line , paid for a private transfer ( which I called to verify the day prior to travel ) and Grey Line insisted I had a shared transport , the representative at the airport had us wait 45 mins. and when no other travelers showed up we were finally driven to SMB . The Grey Line rep. was extremely rude !! But hey I was not about to let this ruin our vacation. Check in at Secrets was quick , I did not however like being escorted to the time share people right after check-in , if they ask you and you want to listen to there pitch that is one thing but that is not what they do , they just escort you to a waiting time share rep. I quickly ditched this guy and headed to our room which was in building 12 , room 1240 . The room was great , we had a real good view of the ocean right from the bed and enjoyed watching the sunrise a couple of mornings. Room was always kept clean , nightly turndown was never missed , fridge was always kept stocked . They did a great job decorating the room for my wife's birthday , thank you Ethal , who was the concierge .We used room service a few times and they were always earlier than they said 15-20 mins. and our food was delivered . Great menu for room service. The grounds at SMB are very well kept and manicured , lots of palm trees which I just love , gives the resort a nice tropical feel. There is a long ankle deep wading type pool that leads into the main pool which is heated and has a swim-up bar . There is also an infinity pool located between the main pool and the beach . There are plenty of lounge chairs with both sun and shade to be found , I never saw anyone looking very long to get a spot. Both pools were well maintained and cleaned. O.K the beach , I couldn't wait to see Maroma beach with all the hype it gets , the hype is well deserved , Maroma beach is beautiful , soft white sand , great color , nice and wide , and you can walk in both direction for a long ways. We walked North to the Iberostar complex and South to El Dorado Maroma and in both directions I couldn't believe how nice the beach was especially for that distance . It was also fairly clean. Food- I hate reviewing food but here goes . Breakfast was Buffet style and there buffet was really good , eggs and omelets cooked to order , ham , sausage , bacon ... Pancakes , waffles , fruit , cereals, breads , pastries , doughnuts .. typical breakfast food . I couldn't imagine not finding something that you wouldn't want to eat every day. Oh , they also have a separate place called the Coco Cafe , which serves coffee espresso , cappuccino , pastries , sandwiches cookies ... great little place , if you go to SMB don't miss stopping here Lunch , I was a little disappointed with lunch , there was three different places to eat lunch at , first the barefoot grill , which was a self-service place you could get burgers , ribs , fajitas , tacos .... , there is also a sit down order off a menu place right next to the pool , they also served burgers , sandwiches , salads , fish ...There is also a buffet in the same place that breakfast is served . I say I was disappointed because I have stayed at both Secrets Silversands and Secrets Capri and I think lunch at both those two places was just better , more variety and better food IMO . I ordered a burger well and it was really rare and not edible , my wife did the same a few days later with the same results and we both hate to complain about food. Dinner - dinner was great and there are six different restaurants to choose from plus there are different theme nights that offer food , BBQ , Mexican night ... The restaurant choices include French , Italian , Mexican , Seafood , Steak , and Japanese . Our favorite was probably the French , but the Japanese and Italian were also really good. I think dinner at SMB was better that at SC and SSS . Service - service at dinner was always top notch no complaints , breakfast was a bit slow especially if the place was real busy but I think you have to expect that , lunch service was not that great . I also think drink service both around the pool and the beach is slow and I tip well , still slow. Entertainment - they have a good entertainment staff there , not to pushy but they work hard to see that everyone is having a good time. The nightly shows were good also. They do broadcast American Football( right by the pool ) which seemed to be a big hit . Overall we really enjoyed our stay at Secrets Maroma but I can say that if it were not for the beach I might opt to return to SC or SSS. I almost forgot after we checked out Grey Line did not show up to transfer us back to the airport , we had to take a taxi , the first taxi we took didn't make it to the front gate before it broke down , had to get another one , just a headache getting back to the airport , I wouldn't ever consider using Grey Line again nor would I recommend them to anyone !!