We stayed 7 nights from November 4-11, 2011, celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary. I don't even know where to begin. We went through our local travel agent to book the whole package, air fare, transfers, travel insurance, etc. The Room: We reserved the Preferred Club Junior Suite Ocean View, but when we arrived, we were offered the Honeymoon Suite Front Ocean View. We asked to look at both rooms before making a decision, and were promptly shown both rooms. There was no hesitation, we upgraded to the Honeymoon Suite, 2nd floor, Building 27. It was a fantastic room, with a breath-taking view of the ocean! No words to describe the beauty of the view. The room (kitchen area, living area, bedroom and bathroom) was spacious. The floors are all marble, with rugs scattered about. We had a large balcony with separate sliding doors opening into the living area and the bedroom. There was a large hot tub in the corner on the balcony. On our last night there, the staff came up and heated the hot tub around 10:00 p.m., and we basked in the warm water, in the moonlight and watched the stars. It was heavenly. I have seen some discussion about the lack of privacy of the toilet. Perhaps this is an issue in the smaller rooms, but in this suite, the toilet was in the vanity area, with a thick frosted glass door that swung closed. Also, included in this suite, was another bathroom with vanity and commode, as you entered the suite. It did have a wooden door that shut for ultimate privacy. There was a TV in the living area and one in the bedroom. There was a large jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, separated by a thin curtain into the bedroom. The king-sized bed was extremely comfortable and you had a choice of 3 different softness of pillows. Every thought was put into this room for the comfort of the guest. There is a "secret" door right by the entry door that the 24 hour room service could leave your food; or, you could leave your empty dishes, if you did not want to be disturbed. There was even a weight scale in the bathroom! That was a first! There were spacious, dual showers, one on each side with double shower heads in each area - all in tile and marble. There was a little refrigerator which was stocked every day. If you had a special request, they would refill it every afternoon. The Service: On my goodness - it was delightful! I did not meet one unhappy person/employee the whole time! Everyone had a smile and a greeting, from the lawn maintenance to restaurant staff - just everyone! It was like my wish was their command! Truly, a dreamlike fairytale! I can't say enough about the attention and happy attitudes everyone had. Sandra Kelley was our concierge and she was fantastic! She helped us so much with calling and scheduling different activities that we wanted to do each day. She was more than willing to help or answer any question we might have. There is a concierge located at each building by the elevator, so they are there to help the guests in that particular building, personally. Some even remembered our names each time we saw them! On our day of departure, one of the waiter staff came over while we were waiting in the lobby and started a conversation with me. When we left, she leaned over and gave me a hug - it was so sweet and genuine. Overall, that's how I felt - all of the staff was genuine and sincere. We had turn-down service every day, and on the last night we were there, we came in to find rose petals scattered all over our bed, with a rose-petal heart in the middle of the bed. The resort: There were so many "classes" and activities every day, that we didn't ever have to leave the resort if we didn't want to. We got an agenda every evening that gave the next day's activities, times and the "Drink of the Day." Everything was very well thought out and prepared for. In case of little showers, there were umbrellas all around the resort, you could grab one. There was also a thatched roof that was over a lot of the sidewalks, so we could walk pretty much everywhere and not get wet. There were beach beds you could rent for $40 a day, which were very cool. We did not get around to doing that, but I would recommend it. I've seen some discussion about the unavailability of the chairs by the beach, but there were always empty chairs, perhaps the time of the year, it was less crowded. The beach and water was absolutely gorgeous! I believe there were 4 weddings held the week we were there. We also had the couples Swedish massage at the Spa. The whole Spa area was so peaceful and beautiful. It would take too long to describe, but you must indulge yourself and have one (or more) of their various massages! The cost was extra, but you could use some of your coupons towards it (if you get the package). Food/Restaurants: Nothing but excellent! We ate at El Patio, Bordeaux, Portofino, World Cafe, Himistu, and used room service. It was all a delectable treat! We also had two private dinners on the beach, with lobster and steak, and shrimp and steak, respectively. It was breath-taking to see the full moon's light rippling on the water. Such a beautiful, peaceful sight. The private beach dinner is extra, unless you bought an anniversary or honeymoon package. If you choose Himistu, be sure and reserve a place at the table where the chef cooks the food in front of you. That's the only place that you really have to have reservations ahead of time. They stocked your room with plenty of bottled water every day, and so I never did drink water from the faucet; although it was treated and safe to drink, I didn't want to take any chances. Attire: Most of the restaurants required that the men wear long pants and closed-toe shoes, no flip-flops. The women could wear pretty much anything except their bathing suits. Naturally, most everyone did dress up to eat in the evenings. Other observations and tips: It struck me as showing so much respect and restraint (perhaps training) that as many beautiful, young women wearing bikinis, and being scantily clad all over the resort - that I saw NONE of the staff oogling or staring at them, giving them the "once-over." They looked straight into the guests' eyes, while talking to them. Nothing ever seemed to come across flirty or suggestive - they were all very professional! I was very impressed. Also, with everything being included, you are not required to tip, but we took $100 in U. S. dollar bills and gave $1-$2 out as tips to everyone that did things for us. It seemed so small, compared to what we tip in the U.S., but they were very appreciative. I heard a lot about the mosquitoes, and yes there were mosquitoes the first of November, but they had a spray can of Off in each bathroom, plus we brought our own spray bottle, and so that was not a problem, unless you forgot to put any on, especially around your legs and feet. If I had anything in the least bit negative to say, it would be about getting a message that someone wanted to speak to us the next morning after we arrived. We met the person at the designated area, and she began to show us other Secrets properties and offering us special deals if we would spend a little time finding out more about them. I was taken aback a little, because I was not expecting Secrets to have someone doing this. I had been warned about the other time-share requests, and no one had even bothered us about that. When we told her no, that we weren't interested, she did inquire why, and, we told her that we just weren't interested, and we left. It was really not a problem - just unexpected. I hope we can return again next year. But I would not want to settle for any other room besides the Honeymoon Suite Ocean Front, 2nd Floor, Building 27!! I hope this review has been helpful to the reader!