I'm going to try and do this review a little different, rather than just repeating what others have said. Overall, this is the best resort I have stayed at. Sure, it's more costly, but there are a lot of good reasons why. It's a perfect choice for a honeymoon, totally relaxing, yet fun, and very luxurious and romantic. -Love the idea of unlimited beach towels... no towel cards, you just go out and grab a fresh towel from the chairs or beach area, however many times you want in a day -Food OUTSTANDING... Japanese was amazing.. the Sushi at the rest of the restaurants wasn't as great, but at the Japanese, it really was awesome. I loved how they would come around the pool at lunch time with snacks, tacos, pizza, sushi, how I miss this food. -Room service secrets box, FANTASTIC idea... we used this a lot, breakfast, middle of the night, whatever and whenever you want, it comes within 30 mins! -Pillow menu, I've never seen this at an all inclusive, I ordered down filled pillows! -Turn down service, I never knew what this was, but I wish every resort I stay at would have this! They would come in the evenings, clean up the room again, provide fresh towels, and leave the TV on with this relaxing channel, provide a sheet of activities for the next day, and chocolate on the pillows -Each building having a concierge, so convenient. We were ever so lucky to end up in building 23 with Alberto as our concierge. He TRULY made our trip... how unforgettable. The most amazing staff member I have ever met on a trip. He was always so pleasant, would address us by names in the hallway, and always cheerful. It was my husbands birthday during our stay, and he surprised us by decorating our room, having one of the staff members track us down while we were at the pool, to come back to our decorated room to find some staff, and himself, with a cake to sing happy birthday to my husband. Unbelievable service. They truly make you feel like royalty here! -the beds were extremely comfortable, and the sheets so soft, I wish I knew what sheets they used so I could buy some ;) -they actually use brand new toilet paper here... this may seem insignificant to some, but I hate cheap toilet paper......... -to those who love their alcohol, they have an amazing variety. We asked for grey goose vodka with our drinks, and they always provided it! If you want top shelf, all you have to do is ask. Lots of variety of beer too. -we did the lobster dinner on the beach, it was nice, but not sure if it's really worth the extra $$ -the beach, how could I forget... powdery white sand, crystal blue water.. if you bring some bread in the water, the fish instantly can tell and swarm around you!! It's amazing. -one night they had a bonfire and band on the beach, gazing under the stars -entertainment was great, watch the fire show, they are really talented, and the rock of ages was cool too. -we tipped quite a bit, but didn't notice a change in service whether you tip or not. -I recommend the Adventure Photos if you're on a special trip or honeymoon... they made us this gorgeous honeymoon photo book, and it only took about 30 mins of our time to get some nice shots, and it was a fun photo shoot with Mario... highly recommend this! Our book arrived at our house about a week after we got back! -we had a swimup suite... it was nice, but I'm not sure if it's worth the extra expense... no one was ever using them, and ours got shady around noon. It's nice to have for a special trip like a honeymoon, but I wouldn't bother paying for it next time, I'd rather extend my stay for the same price :) -Ground are gorgeous and well kept... very simple and basic though... nice wildlife, lots of birds and iguanas, and the occasional coati... very cute harmless little animals. -Mosquitos...... I don't get this complaint.. every resort I've ever been to had mosquitos, I can't say they were any worse here than anywhere else... and at least they provide bug wipes, no other resort does that! The only thing missing was towel animals... I guess they want to make this place more luxurious and upscale, but I really love those... but still, that's the only negative thing I can come up with, and it's hardly an impact on a great vacation! And oh yes, our AC was not very cold.. we stayed in late September, so it was very hot still, and a lot of people had this issue. Our room wouldn't get colder than 74 degrees. I truly miss this place, and was seriously depressed to leave. I wish we could afford to always vacation here because I don't think anything else will compare. Go here, enjoy it, you can't go wrong!