My husband and I went October 24-November 1 2011 for our honeymoon. The minute we walked in they said, "welcome home". We sat down to get checked in and they brought us a cold rag and champagne. When we got to our room, there was a honeymooners banner and flowers w/ a welcome card. The room was amazing. We ended up getting a swim out room which was cool but I think we only used it 2 of the days. So, when I go back I don't think that upgrade is really necessary. We were in building 12 and Ethel was our concierge. She was AMAZING!!!! She got us everything we needed. I would definitely recommend her. She was the sweetest person I've ever met. Actually, everywhere you went there was someone asking if you needed anything. Their favorite saying was, "its my pleasure." Unfortunately on our trip my husband got sick. We ended up taking him to the doctor and the resort. The doctor was VERY helpful. He gave him some medication and a strict diet so he could get better and enjoy the end of our vacation. What I thought was really cool is the doctor would call to check up on him.. He even did a followup exam for free. While we would've much rather him not get sick...knowing he was in such great care was a good feeling. Ethel would have Gatorade delivered to the room just so he would stay hydrated. We were fortunate to meet some really cool people during our trip which made it really fun and helpful for me since my husband was sick. If you are going to attend the beach plant your chair by the Tortuga bar. That was our favorite spot...partially because the drinks were close :) But the water activities were nearby as well. As for the food, we tried them all but the Mexican restaurant. My favorite was the Seaside Grill (Surf-n-Turf). Then it would have to be the Hibachi restaurant...the dessert is amazing!! Entertainment was good. We only attended a couple of the shows. My only complaint is I got eaten alive. The mosquitoes were pretty bad. But they never affected my husband so maybe I'm just too sweet..lol. They have repellent in the room for you but I suggest bringing some of your own. I put it on daily. Well, I hope this helped!! We are definitely going back for our 5 year anniversary if not sooner. Happy Vacationing!