This is our first time to Secrets Maroma. We had been the Silversands twice and had heard that Maroma was top notch. As soon as we arrived they brought cold wet towels to freshen up and champagne. We had one swim-out room and one Preferred Club room. To check into the Preferred Club we were taken by golf cart swiftly and checked in at the Preferred Club lounge where there were appetizers, a full bar, and business center. We had our own concierge at each building that took care of every need. The preferred club rooms had upgraded amenities like liquor, pringles, peanut m&ms, and upgraded toiletries including razor and toothpaste. On Saturday when we arrived we had lunch at Seaside and was so pleasantly surprised to see people walking around the pool with appetizers. There is also a grill by the beach that does special dishes like paella and tacos on different days. The Barefoot Grill is great! It is right by the pool, convenient and the food is good. Of course if you really do not want to move off your lounge chair, they have a poolside menu that you can order from. All the restaurants are great. At the Oceana restaurant you can order baby lobster which is pretty much lobster tails. It is not on the menu so be sure to ask. We did not have trouble getting into any restaurant. When there is more than two people however, there maybe a wait as most of the tables are set up for two. Room service is included and is decent. The cream of cheese soup in particular is great. For our beach day we decided to rent a beach bed which is by the swing bar and water sports hut. It was a great experience as you get a personal butler. The mosquitoes were definitely out and about. They provide bug wipes in the bathrooms but you will need spray if you are susceptible to mosquitoes. On the windy days you do not have to worry about it but on the calmer days they are definitely out but it wasn't horrible or anything. All in all I was very pleased and happy with the experience and definitely like it better than the sister resort. The only minor caveat is that all the staff (bar, restaurant, etc.) were very friendly and helpful except for the pool bar and the swim up bar. For whatever reason those employees were not all happy or that friendly. They were not rude by any means. It was just not what I expected at the two busiest bar during the day...maybe that is why they were not that happy.