I traveled to Secrets Maroma Beach with my husband to celebrate our Anniversary at the end of October. I read every review there was on trip advisor all month to be prepared, here's what I can say for my trip: 1. That bumpy road people complain about is the main road to enter multiple resorts on that street, not Secrets' fault! It lasts all of 2 minutes. 2. The mosquitos were a small problem, (it rained most of my vacation) however, I brought OFF spray with me and sprayed it on before bed and didnt have a problem. My husband didnt use it and got bit up horribly. I also brought a citronella candle and lit it for our balcony and that helped out also. The resort has alot of trees and with the rain, your going to have bugs! 3. The check-in at the preferred club was quick, very friendly and very accommodating. I read that building 16 was the way to go on previous reviews and requested that building. The concierge did confirm that this building sees more sun per day than others and let us change. She was wonderful! 4. We got a swim-out suite, and although it wasnt sunny the whole trip, we were glad we did! The pool right there was awesome! We wanted seclusion and privacy and we got it. Thr only minus was not having the tiki bar option like you do in the main pool. But you can ask housekeeping to overstock your minibar and we drank all day without having to leave the room. The room service was great and delivered hot and fast. The secret window is genius so you're not disturbed. 5. Beach was beautiful and theres a bar on the beach with swings, very relaxing. 6. We ate at Bordeaux, El Patio and had the romantic lobster dinner on the beach. Everything was fantastic! Service, food and atmosphere! The barefoot grill was great during the day, and World Cafe for breakfast everyday had a million options. This food was not like the typical "all-inclusive" buffet at other resorts. We ate lunch once at the Seaside Grill and service wasnt too good so we didnt go back. 7. Cyntia at the preferred club bar was fantastic and we loved her! Rogelio, our concierge was professional and very sweet. The resort goes to great lengths to make you satisfied. We mentioned we were celebrating an anniversary and Rogelio put a banner across our door and a bottle of chilled champagne in our room with a nice letter for us by surprise. He arranged our beach dinner and any other requests we had very quickly. All in all we loved it! We used the gym also and that was clean and had enough options. We had no problems with room temp. or water temp.Every employee was courteous, very friendly and professional. We even considered extending because the weather was going to improve on our last day because of the service alone. We don't usually go to the same place twice but Secrets is worth a second trip!