We booked Secrets Maroma from Oct 29-Nov 5th and cannot express how much fun we had! Everything was superb from the service to the food and drinks at this hotel. If you are looking for luxury, this is definitely the hotel for you. We had the swim out room and the pool was heated and decor was nice. The beach at this resort is AMAZING. My husband and I never wanted to leave. All of the restaurants were very good and the buffets never became repetitive. During the afternoon while lounging by the pool, wait staff came around with trays of shrimp and pizza which was very nice. They also have a fajita cart that comes around with fresh tacos/ fajitas. Tips if traveling here: bring plenty of smaller denominations, like fives, tens and ones. They will have trouble breaking larger bills and if you do not want pesos back (as your change from a purchase) I strongly suggest going to the bank and asking for plenty of tens, fives and ones. We decided to go to Chichen Itza, which was very cool and interesting. If you book this trip, book it when the weather is going to be rainy at the hotel. Chichen Itza is two and half hours away, so it will be sunny there and you won't miss a good pool / beach day at the hotel. I also want to let you know this is an all day event, so if you plan on afternoon tequila tasting you wont be back for it. So make sure you have nothing planned for that day. The other excursion we did was Xplore which has zip lines, ATVs and underground swimming, great time and also highly recommend! The only thing I would suggest is bringing with you some type of swim shoe or swim sandal with you w/ good treads on the bottom. If you don't your sneakers will get wet, or you may loose a flip flop during the zip lines. You could go barefoot, but it will be extremely slippery and uncomfortable because there are towers you need to climb in order to get atop of the zip lines. The gift shop sells them but be prepared to spend about 30-40 dollars per pair of shoes. As for the restaurants, if you wish to sit around the Hibachi make sure to book this early. If you dont care about sitting around the actual Hibachi there isnt a problem getting a regular seat at the Japanese restaurant. I cannot say enough nice things about this hotel, trip and excursions. The staff was exceptionally friendly and could not do enough to ensure you have a great time.