We traveled to SMB from Oct. 25 to Nov. 3 and loved every minute of it. Believe all of the good reviews you have read because they are bang on accurate! From the moment you arrive until the minute you leave you will be treated first class and nothing less. Some of our experiences: Arrival: Greeted with cool scented towel and champagne and taken directly to check in. This went as smooth as possible and we were not pushed towards any time share rep. Our room was not yet ready so we were taken to the World Cafe by our check in rep. as my wife and I were both starving. Food here was delicious and it is where you will be treated to your daily breakfast buffets which are incredible!! After we ate we explored the resort and the pictures do not do it justice. The place is beautiful and so very lush!! The resort is not to big and not to small......just right!! We checked out the grounds until 3ish when we went and checked out our building and we were met right away by our concierge, Laura, who was incredible!! She sent for our bags right away, took us into our room and explained everything we needed to know. Our room: We were in building 15, swim out room. It has to be the BEST building in the entire place! It was right in the middle between the main building and the beach. It was literally a 20 second walk to the pool and and 2 minute walk to the beach! It was great for our swim out because we had the morning sun right up until the afternoon! It is true that not many people use their swim out but this was not the case for us. It was amazing to sun on your private deck and lounge for hours around your own private oasis!! Building 15 is so private that no one can see you from the walk ways as the foliage is so grown in and beautiful! Room itself was great, we had no issues with our AC and Laura provided us with a floor fan as soon as we requested it! We had no problems with water pressure or hot water and we actually took advantage of our in room jacuzzi. The water was crystal clear and always hot!! Pool: Pool was great for sure. We never had a problem getting a lounger and the pool side service was amazing. Servers were always around offering you more cocktails making sure you were happy. Lunch at the barefoot grill was great as the food was perfect for lunch. Hanging out at the pool bar is a great way to meet people and we honestly met some of the most interesting, fun and nicest people ever. Beach: The beach was nothing short of amazing!! We had the unfortunate luck of being there during hurricane Rina so the water was never very calm but we took advantage of the waves by body surfing every chance we could! The beach service was the best we have ever experienced. Servers were always bringing drinks and be sure to order lunch or a snack from your lounger........it is such a treat to be served food and drinks on the beach. The nachos and hot dogs were so good!! We rented a beach bed, there is a double decker one that we rented for $50 and it was so nice! When you go to the top to lounge you have an amazing view of everything. Service here is also over the top!! Restaurants: Bordeaux was our favorite!! We ate here twice and both times had the fillet mignon with scallops to start. The fillet was so tender it melted in our mouths! We had the italien (Porotino) and we did not find this to be near as good an Bordeaux but this is only a matter of opinion. Ocenaside was good and my 16 oz T-Bone was so tasty!! Take advantage of the 24 hour room service.......we did a number of times and always enjoyed it! So nice to be able to order basically whatever you wanted, drinks included, turn on the privacy button and get your food out of the secrets box - such a nice touch!! We also reserved a table around the grill at the Japanse restaurant which was alot of fun. Food was great and it is also a nice way to meet people as you are there together for almost 2 hours so you are forced to get to know them......whether you like it or not, haha. Staff: The staff here are nothing short of incredible!! You will not run into anyone who will not smile at you and say hello. Either they are very good actors or they genuinly enjoy what they do and really want you to be happy. We were there for my bday and on the day of our concierge Laura and about 7 other building concierges arrived at our door with a cake and all sang happy birthday.........it was so shocking and so very nice!! Entertainment staff are all very good and you will have a blast if you choose to join in with the activities or if you want to be left alone they will not bother you. Bars and booze: We had such a good time at the lobby bar with the great people we met. All top shelf liquor is included, just be sure to ask for it. They may not have it our on their shelves but if you request it, they will get it for you. I indulged nightly with double shots of grey goose on the rocks!! We had a great time at Desires on hallowen and the DJ was great. Again.......double grey goose on the rocks, even in the disco!! Conclusion: We were there for 9 days and only had sun for 4 of them. You would think that with such bad weather we would have been miserable........not the case!! The place is heaven on earth, staff will always have something for you to do. Secrets deserves every award they get and it is truly a 5 star resort. We have stayed at The Princess and Sandos Playacar in Mexico and although both were good in their own way SMB has them beat in every aspect!! We have been home for 4 days and I am certainly missing this place like crazy! I really hope that someday my wife and I get to return back because it was the BEST vacation ever.....even in a hurricane!