Visited this resort for my honeymoon on Oct. 22nd-29th and had a truly positive and amazing experience. This was our first trip to Playa del Carmen, stayed in a few AI resorts over the last few years which were all excellent but Secrets Maroma really takes the cake. We booked our trip through Michael McHugh of Dream Makers Vacation Services and would highly recommend using them to book any trip and I will continue to use them for our future trips. Michael was able to accomodate ALL of our requests and we had a fabulous trip because of their services and rapport with the resort. We stayed in the Preferred Club section of the resort and had a very quick and seamless check-in process. The head of the Concierge came and greeted us and mentioned Michael McHugh's name so we were able to check in before noon and had the top floor of one of the best buildings (26). Our concierge was Carlos who escorted us to our room and proceeded to give us information about the resort and all of the amenities as well as what was included in our honeymoon package. We did not have to sit through any timeshare speech nor were we even approached and we received a couples massage, romantic dinner on the beach, photo shoot, just to name a few...there were not gimmicks or catches involved in receiving the free items. The food was the best food that we've ever had at an AI resort and my husband is a very picky eater. The room was beautiful and bed comfortable although got very humid toward the end of our trip. Beach and pool areas were gorgeous....definitely recommend renting a beach bed at least for one day..so worth it!! Entertainment staff kept us entertained, my husband won the Secrets Idol competition and the prize was a free 3 night stay (recommend joining that =)) Drinks in the lobby bar were delicious...Alicia was THE BEST waitress and so super sweet!! In fact, all of the employees were so friendly..service is impeccable here. Overall, we have no complaints about this resort....visit Secrets, you will not be disappointed and I am super picky about where I stay. The only problem that I encountered were the mosquitoes at night but my husband didn't have a problem...like the others said, bring OFF. We are looking forward to visiting Secrets next year!!