This was our 2nd (and not last) stay at Secrets Maroma. We love this place! The beach is world-class, accommodations romantic and comfortable, food and drinks are excellent and service is top drawer. If you want more details, here you go! General: Secrets is part of AM Resorts and caters strictly to adults. Families are directed to Dreams. Maroma is widely recognized as one of the top beaches in the world and this setting seems to ensure higher rates and occupancies than say Secrets Capri which is located further south. The overall ambiance is one of luxury aimed at couples. Many of the guests are either getting married on site or are on their honeymoon. We did also see some groups, again mainly couples but also some groups of friends. Arrival: Entrance to resort is via a bumpy and sandy, non-paved road which has a shared entrance from the highway with a fairly unfriendly security guard. Once down the shared road, the private road is of better quality through the mangrove area. Private gate has second set of security, this time it is Secrets own personnel. Motor lobby, greeted by friendly bell staff who immediately took all luggage, provided a luggage tag and valet parked the car. Reception: Reception is impressive, with modern architecture affording an expansive view out of the lobby towards the beach area. The reception area is in a wide hallway with very high ceiling and a modern fountain in the middle. Reception comprises 4 or 5 desks on each side of the room. Seating is provided together with a welcome glass of champagne. Check in was smooth, polite and informative. Room charges were completed and cc taken for incidentals. Normal check in time is 3pm but we were given immediate access to rooms at 2:30pm. They also accommodated our request to have rooms which were close together  one with a king size bed and one with two doubles which were also requested. The reception area open directly on to a large lobby area, featuring a bar on one side, large seating area with piano in the middle and a shopping area to the right. Shops were of decent quality and pricing was typical of this standard of hotel. Public areas and architecture: The architecture is very simple and geometric, with simple square shapes and a maximum height of 3 stories on the beach and 4 stories around the pools. The hotel is set up in a U shape but all poolside buildings are angled towards the beach to afford improved views. Certain facades are finished in local limestone, all external paintwork is off-white. Wooden accents have been used to provide some shade on the balcony areas and also soften the monotony of the facades. All pathways are simple brushed white concrete decorated with river pebbles. Walkways between buildings are Palapas with wooden columns and indirect lighting. Walkways are all open air, but ones between buildings and at rear of buildings are covered from sunshine or rain. Gardens are all comprised of local plants and in parts seem unkempt  like a little jungle. The abundance of palms and other taller plants provides a great deal of privacy to the rooms but does impede the views. All ground floor units have a shared pool running the length of the building and as a result ground floor units cost more. We saw many guests enjoying these pools and they help take some pressure off the main pools. The center of the resort features two main pools. The largest one features the swim-up bar and it curves around a large central Palapa which houses two of the restaurants. This pool is curved with one edge making a smooth curve and the other a series much tighter curves which creates several private areas within the main pool which are very popular. On the bar side there are large boulders on the edge of the pool with fountains that recycle water. There is also a very expansive shallow pool area which probably heats up nicely in cooler times of year. The shallow pool theme continues almost all the way back to the lobby area in the form of a very shallow (6 inches or less) area where there is seating and even a ping-pong table as well as some decorative fountains. All the pools are covered in a non-slip material  no pool tile has been used anywhere on the property. There is a vast amount of lounge chairs and lounge beds, many of which have canopies to provide privacy and shade. The resort has been set back from the natural dune and the vast majority of plants growing on the dune are untouched with just two, relatively narrow, access paths that each has a shower area followed by wooden walkways leading down to the beach palapas which are plentiful. Beach/pool towels are on every lounger and stacked up in the shower areas. The beach is spectacular and is a major draw for the resort. The swimming area is cordoned off with a rope and floats. There is a small Palapa beach bar with swing seats, there is a Palapa for massages, a beach volley ball court and a water sports Palapa offering free use of Hobie Waves (small catamaran sail boats), windsurfing and single and two person kayaks. This is a franchise run by Aqua World, the staff here are not as friendly as the general standards of Secrets. Each Palapa is set-up at the start of the day with 4 sun loungers. The loungers all have a thick padded mattress on top which makes them much more comfortable. In the Preferred section, there are large canopied beds complete with mattress, towels, curtains and the name of the couple that they are reserved for. Restaurants and bars: One impressive feature at Secrets is the abundance of wait staff who are always on hand to offer drinks, both at the pool and at the beach. Drinks are well prepared and nicely presented. There is a choice of beers, house wines and all the usual mixed drinks made with decent quality of spirits (Bacardi Rum, Absolut Vodka etc.) Wait staff do not actively ask for tips but they are very happy to take them. All the restaurants employ hostess, even the main buffet. They take room number and name which is presumably done to ensure a measure of security as they do not use a bracelet or other identifier and we were never asked for our room key card. World caf buffet  is the main buffet restaurant that is open all day. Decoration is tasteful and has been designed to visually break-up what is essentially a very large space. The buffet featured high quality food, nicely presented. Breakfast: Large fruit and cereals section with common local fruit as well as some less common items such as pitaya, kiwi, plums and guayaba. Large selection of freshly baked breads and sweet breads/cookies. Cold meats and cheeses. Bagels with all the usual offerings such as smoked salmon and cream cheese. Mexican egg section with pre-prepared and made to order selections. Omelet station. Full range of pre-cooked items. Waffle, pancake and crepe section all made to order with a variety of fresh fruits and toppings. Smoothie section. Bloody Mary and Mimosa station. Waiters provide coffee, tea, juices and any made to order selection that is requested. There is seating both inside and outside. They have a major issue with birds eating from the trays and tables outside. It seems that many people take advantage of the 24-hr room service, especially for breakfast. All rooms are equipped with a pass-through hatch for food trays to ensure the privacy of the guests. Poolside Palapa Open air, Palapa restaurant with a seafood theme. Waiter service, serving ceviches, shrimps, squid, fresh fish as well as burgers. Nice salad and sushi bar. Ocean Restaurant Seafood specialty restaurant, open when they do not have an outside theme night. Theme nights include Caribbean, Mexican etc with waiter service and musical entertainment. Inside Specialty Restaurants: Asian: serving Japanese, Thai and Chinese cuisine, regular tables and tepanyachi. Mexican: Outside and indoor seating. Full menu including fairly exotic dishes such chapulines, chiles en nogada etc. French: Outside and indoor seating. Full menu of a French menu including fine cuts of beef, seafood etc. Italian: Outside and indoor seating. Full menu of traditional and modern Italian dishes. There are no reservations accepted, tables are given on a first come, first served basis. Hostess give you a pager if there is a long wait for the table. Pagers work throughout the resort. In all the restaurants we visited the service was very good. The restaurant ambiance, table settings, quality and presentation of the food and service is on a par with a cruise line such as Cunard or Celebrity. Although the Mexican, French and Italian are all located adjacent to one another in the same building, they have done a very good job at providing unique decoration, lighting, music and ambiance in each restaurant. Each one feels like a separate, independent operation. Even the bathrooms in each are decorated differently and uniquely. The uniforms of the waiters are slightly different in each one also. The menu is for a 4 course meal, including starter, soup, main course and desert. House wines were decent although the waiters do try and push the quite pricey wine list. Again, no wait staff directly requested a tip, but all were happy to receive them! The Rooms As mentioned before the walkways are all open air. Each building is separate and are only connected via walkways on the ground floor. Each building has a single elevator (I did not notice service elevators) and a stairwell. The buildings on the beach front have 3 levels and the poolside buildings have 4. The rooms are quite large and although they are rectangular in shape, some of the interior features are curved. Floors are of white natural polished stone/marble. Woodwork is all very dark. The door opens onto a short hallway with a credenza and mirror, the lighting is subtle and mainly indirect. The bathroom is opposite the mirror and can be closed off with a pair of sliding wooden doors. There is a separate WC with phone, walk in shower, twin sinks on a marble top and a Jacuzzi tub. The tub is separated from the bedroom with a sheer curtain. The bathroom amenities feature soap, shampoo, body lotion and shower gel in medium sized plastic bottles. The towels are located on low shelves underneath the twin sinks. There are two lamps on the large mirror. Wooden drawers hold the hair-dryer and there is space for toiletry bags. There are two bathrobes and slippers. There is a speaker on the ceiling of the bathroom that can be adjusted and it reproduces whatever is being shown or listened to on the TV. The bedroom features are king size, four poster bed. They have high quality white linens, white high quality pillows and additional throw pillows in green and orange contrasting colors. At turn down the maid sets up the bed in a very particular way, lowers the curtains on the bed canopy, leaves certain low level lights on and places the ubiquitous chocolate on the bed. Bedside there is phone, light switches that operate all the lighting in the room and also very conveniently the a/c controls are within easy reach of the bed. On the opposite side there is a combination iPod dock/alarm clock. In front of the bed there is a large wooden furniture in three sections. Two sections are closets with hanging space, shoe shelves and an iron and ironing board. The center section houses the flat screen 32 inch TV, the in-room safe and draw space. On the opposite corner there is a small counter with a small Nespresso machine on top and a mini bar stocked with beers, waters and sodas underneath. A step down, there is a writing desk on one side and a curved built in sofa with thick cushions on the other. There are two small planters that are built-in concrete decorated with river pebbles. The windows feature wooden shutters which do a fairly good job at blacking out the sunshine, sliding glass doors and sliding screens. This leads to a small balcony with a fillable plunge pool and a second curved sofa with thick mattress and lots of cushions. The ground floor units lead straight out to the private pool which extends the length of the building. Sound proofing is better than in most US hotels although the noise of any passing service carts or room service providers can easily be heard through the front door. Other Observations: The hotel has a nice Spa which we did not use. It also has a gym and tennis courts which we did not use. There was some sort of entertainment every night, although we only saw the musical offerings in the lobby bar. After dinner there is a disco-type club on the premises. The entertainment area is actually a Palapa rather than in an air-conditioned space. There is a very small doctors office on site. The staff seems happy and motivated  I talked with many of them and they are happy to be so busy at this time of year as they know that most hotels have much lower occupancy rates. Each building has a concierge to take care of guests needs. We did not meet ours but he did leave messages on our voice mail. We did not need his service.