We returned two weeks ago to Secrets Maroma for the fourth year (the first year was just six weeks after opening). We travel with a group each year, 13 this year, and we were not disappointed. I worry that returning to the same place, we will find something flat from prior years. No worries, Secrets Maroma just continues to mature and improve. We laughed at the lush grounds, after remembering the sparse newly planted landscape the first year! I've always considered the service stellar, but, with so many experienced staff members, it had matured even more! One of our beach servers, Ana, even remembered us from prior years. We are a TX group and travel with a flag. She is amazing, being pro-active bringing a fresh drink while asking if we're ready for another. My favorite dining experience, again, was at the Teppanyaki table in Himitsu. Wonderful food and the entertainment is first rate. This is the only area that accepts reservations, and I would highly recommend it. We did the Mexican buffet Fiesta Night, for the first time, and it was excellent. The Italian and French were still wonderful. Don't miss the homemade ice cream offered at all the restaurants! In my opinion, the most amazing entertainment was the Mentalist Magician, who entertained during the Managers' Cocktail Reception, usually on Wednesday evening. The Managers didn't make it, for the first time (new general manager...... Eric has moved to the Pacific), but the Magician is worth your time. No hand tricks. He asked me to think of a three digit number, which I wrote down, and he guessed it! He asked another member of our party to think of a close friend, whose name he correctly guessed! He did these type of mental games with six of us. We've seen him the three years he's been at Secrets Maroma, and still can't figure him out! Much fun! We, again, had no A/C or hot water problems. Room stayed very cool, except when we opened the sliding doors, which shuts off the A/C. Also, no mosquito issues. I only rated the sleep quality 4 star because we sleep on a Tempurpedic mattress at home and always have problems switching to any hotel mattress. Rooms are exceptionally quiet. We had people on both sides of us, but never had any sounds through the walls. I'm very picky about where I stay. Important to me is service, beach, and food. Those of you who are pool people have more offerings, as there are several good resorts providing good service and food. However, the beach at Maroma sets this resort apart from others, and I will add that the service at Secrets Maroma, is incredible.