For our honeymoon we stayed at 5 days at Secrets Maroma Beach and 5 days at Iberostar Grand Hotel Paraiso. We picked these two based on the great review they got on TripAdvisor#7 and #1 Worlds Best All-Inclusive Resorts. Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB) 5 nights: Sep 25th  Sep 30th Room: Preferred Club Junior Suite Ocean View, RM# 2537 Occupancy Level: 75% No wrist bands needed. Iberostar Grand Hotel Paraiso (IBER) 5 nights: Sep 30th  Oct 5th Room: Standard Junior Suite. They upgraded us to partial ocean view. Occupancy Level: 35% Have to wear wrist band. Travel Agent: We used Unforgettable Honeymoons which I think is a sub company of GOGO. They got us cheaper rate than if we booked the rooms ourselves, and we didnt have to worry about a taxi from the Airport. GOGO uses Olympus Tours for their shuttle to and from the Airport. Everything went very smoothly. Flights: We booked ours flight 6 months in advance, $1100 for two roundtrip flights from CLT to CUN. I checked the price again at 6 weeks out.we could have saved $450 if we waited. Sep/Oct is an off season for traveling to that area. I would recommend waiting about a month out to book flights at this time of year. Our flight had plenty of seats open. The Resorts: *SMB This place is more like a resort than IBER, in a good way. Walk into your room from outside, not a hallway in building. At dinner, you have to walk outside to get to the restaurants; weather wasnt an issue for us. Its much more romantic to walk to dinner along lighted pools with the ocean sound. *IBER It reminded me more of a grand hotel. All the rooms are in the main building (unless your ocean front building), sort of like a hotel smelled like a hotel too. At dinner, you never have to go outside to get to the restaurants, which is nice if its rainy. Hard to compare because they both have completely different feels. Rooms: *SMB The Jacuzzi had an opening to the rest of the room from the bathroom. So the bathroom isnt as private. But the toilet is behind opaque glass. Our AC in the room worked awesome during the day; but at night it seemed to quit. Hot water is warm at best. We thought this was how Mexico was, until we went to IBER. The view was amazing, much better than our view at IBER. Definitly get the preferred club. Youll get better seating at dinner, better rooms, check-in and checkout is better, and your private club house with awesome bartenders. *IBER Bathroom is more private here. But the toilet is behind clear glass. The AC in the room worked better here than at SMB, which gave me better sleep. Hot Water! Rooms are too far from the ocean to have a sort of view. I liked the room at IBER better than SMB. View goes to SMB. Exchange Rate: Yahoo Finance had the rate at around 13.50 from USD to MXN for the time period we were there. At SMB you got 10.50 peso for every dollar that you converted. At IBER you got 12 (better rate). We didnt convert any money at SMB because the shops take USD and give you pesos backthe rate they give us back was 13.89so just buy something cheap with a large bill if you want pesos. We did convert money at IBER to take the taxi, and because they had a sign that claimed the resort only took pesos. Not sure this is true, Jet Skies took cash USD. I had $9,734 MXN on my bill at SMB when we left. We had been getting 13.89 exchange rate the whole time we were there. But at check out it was 13.44. So instead of paying $700 USD, it was $725. Seemed fishy to me. I recommend paying as you go so you dont owe more. Service: The service at both is excellent. We did have to wait a little longer for service on the beach or by the pool at SMB, probably because the occupancy level was higher. But there are more bars at SMB, so we didnt mind getting our own drinks. Food: *SMB Restaurants in order that we like them. Bordeaux (French), Portofino (Italian), Himitsu (Pan-Asian). Also El Patio (Mexican) but we didnt try it. No reservations needed, except for Himitsu. *IBER Restaurants in order that we like them. Tonis (surf and turf), LAtelier (Gourmet), Venecia (Italian). Also Haiku (Japanese) but we didnt try it. You will need reservations at all of them. Get your reservations as soon as you get there. I think during a busier season, many people recommend calling before you arrive to get a reservation. *Comparison Food at both is amazing. Dinner at IBER is a little better taste wise, but SMB is much more romantic. And no reservations are needed. Lunch at SMB is much better. You order from a menu. At IBER its buffet and it gets old quick. Breakfast is about the same, maybe edge to IBER. Both resorts are great. Some of the best meals I have ever had. I give it a tie between them. My wife liked SMB. Bars: At SMB you have a bar on the beach, two by the pools, one in the pool, and a couple in the lobby. At IBER you have one in the pool, one in the lobby, and one in a music lounge. Definitely more options at SMB. Nightly Show: The theater at IBER is much nicer, and the shows are better. The magic show and Ladies First are great. Shows were ok at SMB. The rock show was great. IBER was definitely better. Beach: Both beaches are great, but SMB is amazing. From the beach, you can see the other hotel. So its weird that the beach would be nicer. IBER has rock and vegetation in the water...and the beach is a little eroded. SMB is perfect. Excursions: *SMB - At SMB you can book excursions from your resort through your travel agent (GOGO/Olympus Tours) or the resorts agent (Amstar). Both options are same price. I would use Amstar b/c their taxi vehicles are more comfortable. - We did XPLOR ($129pp). I would recommend this. - We did horseback riding with Rancho Baaxal ($67pp). We booked this online on my wifes smart phone from our room on Monday for a Wednesday morning trip. You can walk (10min) there from SMB (or take a $7 taxi). I loved this. - We did the romantic dinner for two on the beach ($250 but we had $100 coupon). 5 course meal with lobster and fillet. Fillet was good, everything else sucked. Dont waste your money on this crap. - We got the 50min couples massages ($200 after coupons). These were great. *IBER -IBER doesnt have a travel agent (like Amstar at SMB). You have to book through your travel agent. -The resort has a shuttle service to Playa Del Carmen for $50 pesos pp one way. We did this with hopes to take the ferry to Cozumel, then rent motor cycles to find somewhere to snorkelbut it was raining that day. -We did rent a Wave Runner ($80 USD for 30min) for 30min, which was long enough. Great time! (SMB offers this for $75) - On the beach, you can sign up for a snorkeling excursion ($40pp). They take you half mile off shore to the coral reef. Sounded like fun. The weather wasnt looking good so we didnt go. I think SMB offers this too, but not sure. Weather: Weather sites called for rain and thunderstorms the entire 10 days we were there. Our first 7 days were perfect weather. Then one day of rain and two cloudy days. Dont pay too much attention to weather reports. Tips: - Bring bugs spray -Bring lots of small bills $1 & $5. We tipped at the meals, and for some drinks. About $10 per day (not sure if thats low). -Bring dress clothes. I brought only one pair of slacks. Guys, you will need slacks and shirt if you want to eat at the restaurants there. All in all, both of us liked SMB a little more than IBER.