Don't be discouraged by the 'long ride down the bumpy road' - its worth the trip!! I read what seemed like a million online reviews before finally selecting Secrets Maroma Beach and we could not have been happier with our trip. We didn't want to leave and are already talking about going back. We've never stayed at the same resort twice in the Cancun/Riviera Maya area, but I now that I've been to SMB - i wouldn't stay any where else!! Service was above and beyond anything we've experienced at other hotels. Check-in was quick in the Preferred lounge and we were immediately taken to our room. We booked the Preferred Club Junior Suite Ocean view and it was worth it! The room was large, clean, the bed was comfortable and the view was great! Outdoor tub and jacuzzi were perfect for relaxing. Our concierge, Carlos, was friendly and accomodating as was every other staff member that we encountered. Every request or question was answered with 'My/Our Pleasure'. We travelled in August, so the resort was probably about half full at the time. We never had to wait for a chair by the beach/pool or to eat. Definitely go to the Hibachi for dinner - we went there twice and it was delicious. Make sure you book your reservation so you get the 'show'. Beach was beautiful and clean and the sand was unlike anything i've ever seen. Drinks were great and we had no problem ordering anything we wanted. There were mosquitos, but I've never been to a resort in Mexico w/o mosquitos. In fact, the mosquitos usually love me, but this was actually the first vacation where I didn't get a single bite! Use bug repellant and you will be fine. Entertainment was the best we've ever experienced as well. It was rare to see anyone leaving the resort to travel to Playa del Carmen to go out at night because everyone wanted to stay at the resort for the entertainment. One night, a singer performed on the beach for a couple's night which was phenomenal. "Rock of Ages" was amazing and all of the bands/singers were top notch. Most of my experiences w/entertainment at other resorts in the past was usually the same people who were serving drinks in the morning were on stage performing at night - BUT that was NOT the case at SMB.... All in all - the best vacation we've ever taken and we can't wait to go back to SMB!!!