My wife and I just returned yesterday from SMB where we celebrated our 10th Anniversary. We had an unforgettable experience at this incredible resort. After a difficult day of travel, we arrived at the resort to an extremely welcoming glass of champagne and a cool towel for our check-in which was easy. No line to stand in - we were seated with our check-in agent immediately. He was very helpful, humorous, and polite. We were never approached by anyone selling a timeshare, etc during check-in or any other time during the week. We were then walked to our room immediately followed by our luggage. After reading several reviews about which swim-outs were the best, we requested building 15, which we were given. Room: The room was fantastic. I've read some mixed reviews about the swim-outs, but it was nice to have. It's not something that we would necessarily have to get next time, but it was a nice amenity and the location of building 15 was perfect for maximum sun exposure to our swim-out. The door to our room had a Happy Anniversary banner hanging on it and a bottle of champagne on the table. The bed was the most comfortable bed that we have ever had at any hotel. The mini fridge was re-stocked daily with beer, soda, juice and water. We didn't do it, but I heard other guests say that requests can be made for what kind of beer, soda & juice you want during your stay. We did not pay the extra for the preferred club which includes internet access, so we paid $60 for the week. This was perfect. When in our room and in public places, we were able to connect to keep in touch with family. We did not make one phone call while we were there. The TV had plenty of English channels. Housekeeping was fine and we liked that when they came in the evening to turn down the bed, they left a newsletter of the following day's events, restaurant hours and highlighted drinks. Every building has its own concierge and ours, Mauricio, responded to any request we had. Not much else to say about the room. In response to other reviews I've read - 1- our AC worked fine, and 2- we always had hot water (there was a point where we thought we didn't have hot water in our Jacuzzi, but our concierge Mauricio pointed out that the problem was that the faucets were reversed from the faucets on the sink - the hot was on the right!). Food: Excellent. We tried every restaurant at some point during our stay. Make sure you look at the schedule as they are all closed at least one day a week. Plan your week accordingly. The only one that takes reservations is the Japanese restaurant for the Hibachi Tables. We did this and it was very entertaining. All other restaurants will give you a pager if you need to wait for a table. We never waited for a table. If you do have to wait, the lobby bar is beautiful, elegant, close to the restaurants and has plenty of comfortable seating and usually has live entertainment during dinner hours. The Italian, Mexican & French restaurants were all excellent with the Mexican being our favorite. We did not have a bad meal anywhere though. The breakfast buffet in the World Cafe is overwhelming, but fantastic. My wife was pleasantly surprised every morning with some new exotic fresh fruit that was available. The crepe station was also a highlight. They will make eggs, omeletes and crepes to order for you. There is a juice bar with numerous juices, a bloody mary bar, and much more. We don't usually eat breakfast regularly at home, but we did not miss a morning in the World Cafe. Lunch is great as well. If you are hanging by the pool, the barefoot grill is open from 12:00-4:30 every day and is a buffet of freshly grilled fish, burgers, chicken, ribs, etc. along with nachos, fries, wings and lots of other great snacks. Mid-afternoon each day, staff members will walk around the pool with great food as well. On Saturday, the chefs get right in the pool and float food around to the guests in the pool! It was quite a display! If you want to sit down at a restaurant for lunch, there are 2 restaurants right at the pool. Again, we didn't have a bad meal all week. Drinks: Plenty of them. They are always available, and they will make anything you want, just ask. If you want top-shelf, ask for it. The swim up bar is nice, but the staff around the pool is so efficient, you usually can have a new drink in your hand before the current one is empty. Resort: Beautiful, well maintained, and comfortable. The pools were clean and the perfect temperature. The beach is gorgeous. Although I heard the resort was at capacity, the pool area never felt crowded and we never had trouble finding a couple of open chairs. The Spa is beautiful as well. My wife and I spent an hour in the hydrotherapy pools followed by a 50 minute Swedish massage. My body is relaxing just typing it. Marguerite and Lucy were phenomenal. There were many more services that the spa offered, but we did not take advantage of any. Next time we will. The entertainment was good as well. There was some sort of event each night, either at the beach, in the theater, in the nightclub or at the Sugar Reef Bar. American Idol show was great, as well as the fire show and the urban show. The theater is very comfortable with big cushy chairs, a bar, and drink service at your seat. Mosquitos were bad during the dusk hours, but we just made sure we always had bug spray and we were fine. At no point did we feel unsafe or that our belongings were at risk. There is staff everywhere. THE STAFF: We could not walk, sit, stand, or swim anywhere on this property without having at least one person smile and sincerely wish us well. From the front desk to the guy raking the beach, there was an undeniable and genuine sense of sincere hospitality in everyone. It was not their job to serve us, it was their pleasure. If I could list the names of every waiter, housekeeper, concierge, bartender, etc., I would. They all deserve recognition for the job they do. The pool concierge, Paulo, was not only accomodating, but was genuinely interested in talking to us and made us want to run into him at some point every day, just to say hello. Miguel, Jesus, Hector, Alfredo, Gabi, Gerry and the rest of the entertainment staff were the highlight of our stay at SMB. They are incredible. I have no idea where they found such an outgoing, funny, enthusiastic group of people, but it's a goldmine. They have a magical power of getting someone like me off my chair by the pool and into a pool volleyball game (4 out of 5 days!), or into a game of bingo in the pool, or beach volleyball, or competing the the "Crazy Game" (you need to see this one live. There is no description that will do it justice.) This group of people alone would make us book this resort again. Phenomenal. Thank you Secrets Maroma for making this past week one of the best times my wife and I have had together.