My husband and I chose to stay at SMB from September 13 - 18 2011 for our honeymoon. Our biggest regret was booking a stay at another hotel (Excellence Playa Mujeres) from September 18 - 21. Reason being is that EPM did not stand a chance! It was a great hotel however, SMB was just that much better. Our Room: Ocean Front Suite, Preferred Club. Worth the extra money for the "Preferred Club"? Absolutely. We noticed we arrived along with another couple however we were told to wait just a second as the other couple got shuffled into the huge entrance doors. A golf cart arrived to drive us on a mini tour of the resort then into the "members only" Preferred Club lounge where our personal assistant was there to check us in. Zero hassle. We noticed that some people did have room issues (water was not too hot etc) when they did not have Preferred Club and were located in the adjacent building. Although I was not too excited about the room set up in pictures of SMB I ended up loving it in person. It was a gorgeous room with a gorgeous view. Amazing. Food: We live in central New Jersey and New York City is but a 35 minute drive. We are complete "foodies" with a genuine love for Italian food. My husband and I can honestly say that we have been to other All-Inclusive resorts and were completely impressed with the food quality at SMB. We ate at El Patio and it was amazing and authentic Mexican. the Italian restaurant, Porto Fino, we were most impressed with being that we eat great Italian on the regular. The olive oil and fresh cheese for your bread will leave you wanting more! First night there we both had lobster and I even ordered a dessert from the French restaurant and they bought it over to me. The beach service was great...you waited longer for your food but it was always worth it. Do yourself a favor and get the Ceviche....OMG!!! The fish tacos....great!! The not-so-good...stay away from the sushi if you genuinely love good sushi. Very disappointed and surprised that it is not fresh. The hibachi restaurant was disappointing. Again we are used to a certain standard for restaurants and this was actually below even a franchise type of eatery. The drinks were great as well and didn't have that fake sweet flavor that most resorts tend to have. They will always add a little more alcohol if you ask too ;) . We honestly can not wait to go back simply based on the food experience. Amazing. Beach: AMAZING!! For some reason I never knew that Mexico had such great turquoise waters. Maroma Beach was named one of the most beautiful beaches in the world and it truly held up to it. Every day we spent at the beach I took pictures of the beach because I felt like every day it got better and better :) Obviously same rules apply, get there early to get a palapa and you can also pay extra and get a bed. We didn't pay extra just got to the beach at about 10am and had no issues getting a palapa. The pool was always crowded and they had a lot of activities. Seemed like everyone who wanted to socialize was at the pool. I honestly don't understand any other reason for coming to this gorgeous beach resort and spending all your time at the pool. Why?!?!?! Hey, it cleared up the hassle at the beach bar so it was great for us! Which by the way, the beach bar has swings!! Amazing. Service: Hands down great. Everyone was friendly and seemed to genuinely like their jobs. We have been to a resort in Punta Cana where you can see the tension in the workers and the management but not here. At times by the beach, the waiter Paulino would have your drink refill before you even asked for it. He was by far the best at beach service. Room service was great and never made you wait too long. It's basically a "your wish is my command" type of place. Amazing. We are dying to go back to Secrets Maroma Beach!! We can not say enough about this resort. Going to Mexico I was very worried because of all the violence that has been reported in the country. Once we arrived that quickly left my thoughts. I would honestly like it if everyone would be spooked about it and leave this amazing piece of paradise just for my husband and I <3 Amazing.