My wife and I spent our honeymoon here during the end of September. We booked our vacation with Mike from Deam Makers Vacation Services and would highly recommend this company to everyone. We were also kept up to date with any plane changes, and Mike was always quick to answer any questions that I had. We will be sure to use this company again for future vacations. Now for the resort... This place was incredible from the time we stepped out of the airport shuttle. A "welcome home" from the staff and we were taken right to the preferred club lounge to check in. COld towel and welcome drinks were provided upon arrival. After check-in we met our concierge, Carlos, in building 26. Carols was great and helped us set up our massages, dinner on the beach, and the Teppanyaki table dinner at Himitsu (the only dinner requiring a reservation). Thanks Carlos!! The beach was one of the main reasons why we booked this resort and it did not disappoint. It was miles of white sand and calm blue water. There is only 1 resort next to Secrets so it is a great beach to take a walk on. The food was incredible. The breakfast buffet had everything you could ever think of. Everyday there was a crepe station, and an omelet station, both were delicious. There were several options for lunch. You could eat at the beach grill set up every afternoon, the pool grill, the buffet, or at Seaside Grill which was an a la carte lunch. Also, if you didnt want to leave your pool chair waiters come around with tacos, sushi, and cakes. Dinner was our favorite meal every night. My favorite restaurant was Oceana, and my wife's favorite was Bordeaux. Our least favorite was Portofino, but it was still very good. We had room service a few times and it is fairly quick and very good for a late night craving. The service at Secrets is incredible. Every request is greeted with an "it's a pleasure". The staff members really do go out of there way to make sure your stay is perfect. Two tips: 1 1. Do the Tequila tasting and food pairing in El Patio that is offered one day a week. It is $30 a person and you get to learn all about Tequila, taste the resort's premium tequilas (the ones that are like $10 a shot on the menus) as well as pair them with foods. It was an awesome time and is a "do not miss" for all tequila lovers. 2. We stayed in the preferred club to get the upgraded honeymoon package included in our stay. This was a great idea for our honeymoon, but we were undecided if we would do the preferred club again of not. The lounge was a great place to hang out in the evening and have a drink, and the view from our room was incredible...but we were not sure this would be worth the extra money next time, unless there was a great deal. We are now spoiled thanks to Secrets Maroma, as they have set the bar high for other all-inclusives we may visit. We will be back as soon as we can! We loved our stay, and know you will too!! I really hope this review helps!!