We have spent two weeks holidays in Secrets Maroma Beach from 1st to 15th October and we really had a blast. We have stayed at two different resorts in the Riviera Maya before (but for a short time as we had been travelling through Mexico before) and this is by far the best with the nicest beach. Here is what we experienced in more detail: The Beach Yes, the beach at Secrets is great and it is the best beach we have so far been to in Mexico. The sea is very clear and it is all sandy without any rocks. We are definitely beach people and therefore a great beach is very important. This said, I still have to admit that the beaches in the Dominican Republic and at Excellence Punta Cana in particular are even nicer, you also get a bit of waves there so you can body board. The Food If you get into World Caf the first morning you feel like being in paradise. You get everything you can dream of for breakfast. I loved getting up and having a crepe with strawberries first thing in the morning. We also loved the girl preparing the crepes for us (I cannot remember the name), but she was so kind and always wished us a nice day. Also at lunch time you get a great choice at the World Caf and you certainly never went hungry. We also loved all the evening a la carte restaurants, with our favourite being the French restaurant and the Teppanyaki table, which we visited twice. I must however say that I was a bit disappointed about the Mexican restaurant. We have travelled a couple of times through Mexico (and been to various places between Mexico City and Cancun) and the food does not do justice to the real Mexican cuisine as we have experienced it throughout the country. The Drinks The drinks were great, with my husband being in seventh heaven with all the great Mexican beers. In our opinion the drinks have too much ice in, but you just have to tell the bartender and he will reduce the amount of ice used. House wine was also very good. However, what we particularly loved was the Coffee bar, which we visited at least twice every day. The Staff The staff were all great, friendly and always ready to help. I believe that they sometimes are quite under pressure, but still they greet you with a smile. Special thanks go out to Liliana at the Coffee bar, Manuel, who has been our waiter a couple of times and our Concierge Mauricio. The Shows We enjoyed the shows very much, especially the American Idol show and Alejandro as the presenter. It really cracked me up! We also enjoyed the Rockband very much. The Mexican Fiesta done outside was also great and we would have loved to see the Fire and Ice show outside too, but unfortunately the weather was not good enough on both Fridays. The only thing that we missed was a perfect couple show as they do in Excellence Punta Cana, this has always been very funny as well. Apart from that the shows were just great. The Entertainment We very much loved the entertainment team at Secrets. We played great beach volley ball every day at least once and we also participated in some other events they did. All of them were also always up for a short chat with us or some jokes, so our very special thanks go out to Jesus, Miguel, Alejandro (dont call my name), the Gabies, Alfredo, Hector and Gerardo. You made our stay even more memorable! The Disco We love to dance every now and again. We therefore liked the Disco quite well, especially the rock band concerts. However, after a few days we found that the DJ was always playing the same music, which did get a little annoying. All in all we cannot really say a negative thing about Secrets Maroma and we very much enjoyed our holidays there. The only thing I can mention is that the hotel does lack a bit the Mexican ambiance as it could be anywhere in the Caribbean really.