We spent a week honeymoon/vacation at Secrets Maroma in early September 2011 and it was perhaps the most relaxing vacation we ever had. We highly recommend it to any one, particularly to couples (of any age). After doing tons of research on the internet, we booked our vacation though Expedia in March and got a great early booking deal. Subsequently Illinois passed a Civil Union law. We decided to get married late August, and turn this vacation into our honeymoon. I e-mailed Ivan Santos, the Chief Concierge at Secrets Maroma, to request the Honeymoon Package, which we received. Late in May someone posted a one-star (terrible) review here at TripAdvisor, stating that although the rooms and beach were great, the resort was not gay friendly at all, and the poster and his partner had been made to feel unwelcome, and were stared and pointed at. Reading this review we were somewhat apprehensive, but as there had been a few very positive reviews from other gay couples, we decided to go on with our previous plans. And we are so glad we did. We had a wonderful time. We booked private transportation with USA transfers at $80 round trip, plus tip, which we highly recommend. We arrived on Sunday afternoon at Cancun airport and whisked right through. The trip to Secrets Maroma was about half an hour. After reading about the terrible gravel road on the way to the hotel, I was expecting something really bad. It wasn't We booked a Preferred Club ocean view. The check in at the Preferred Club with cold towel and sparkling wine was quite friendly but it took over an hour to get our room (even though it was after check in time). We waited with drinks and hors d'ouevres. After the wait, our concierge escorted us to our room in Building 16, third floor. The room had a very nice, if partial, view of the ocean. Overall an excellent room with all the amenities one would need. Immediately afterwards, we rushed to the pool. The water was so warm, it was calming, yet refreshing. For dinner we went to Portofino and ate outside. Although warned by other TripAdvisor reviewers, I forgot to put the mosquito repellent on. Big mistake. This was the only time we ate outside, but other times with the mosquito repellent we had no problems. I had the rack of lamb and it was wonderful. My partner had a steak dish which he also enjoyed very much. Overall I would say the food ranges from good to excellent, with at times some touches of gourmet quality. The food is definitely better than say Royal Caribbean cruise ship food, but not overall gourmet dining. The breakfast at the World Cafe was quite good with a great selection-- better overall than the Grand Hyatt Kauai, the Moana Surfrider in Waikiki, or El Conquistador in Puerto Rico, but nowhere near as refined as the Peninsula in Chicago. We ate almost all our lunches poolside, including partaking of the snacks brought by the servers. Overall yummy. On Saturday it was a decadent show with over a dozen servers either jumping into the pool to serve food or serving from min-kayaks. It was quite the spectacle and felt magical. In addition to Portofino, we ate at Bourdeaux (our favorite), El Patio (good, not great in our view), Himitsu (tepanyaki table- very good), the Mexican Buffet (held at World Cafe due to possible rain, again good not great), and the Beachside Romantic dinner (romantic and special). As part of the complimentary Honeymoon Package we received the Beachside dinner, a couples massage at the wonderful spa, and a few other goodies. As almost everyone has said, the beach is spectacular (the sand was so soft) and we enjoyed almost every day. alternating with the pools. The beach water was quite warm and is was crystal clear and very calm almost every day -- a couple of days we had seaweed, but it was limited. During the day they have plenty of activities. We enjoyed the guacamole making lessons and the tequila tasting. The 1921 tequila liqueur for after dinner was great. The evening activities were good to very good. And the entertainment staff makes everything worth while. They are energetic and put their hearts out to please everyone. We had been to Cancun before and had done the sightseeing-- Tulum, Chichen Itza, Playa del Carmen, Xel-Ha. We ended up not leaving the resort the whole seven days. We did not expect this but we did not feel a need to do so. The beach, pool, and resort activities were enough for us. Now, about the friendliness of the hotel and the service. Unlike the earlier reviewer noted above, we treated everywhere with warm smiles and friendly service. We were always made to feel special-- but everyone else was. Our room had a honeymoon banner-- as did many others. Both the head concierge and our personal concierge made a point to make sure all our requests were being satisfied. Several times the staff asked us how we were enjoying our honeymoon. No one flinched that we were gay. The only comments we heard were not from the staff but from two male guests at one of the evening shows. They were not talking about us, but about some of the male dancers and acrobats who they assumed were gay. We made friends with a straight couple from the Chicago area who got married at the hotel. They were wonderful. Many other guests were also quite friendly to us. We wished there had been more gay couples, and we hope this review entices others to enjoy a wonderful vacation at the Secrets Maroma, and not be dissuaded by inaccurate reviews.