This was our first time in an all-inclusive and our first time in the Caribbean and we LOVED IT. Where do I start? When you arrive you are immediately greeted with a glass of champagne and check-in is a quick procedure if you dont get diverted by the time-share folks (very hard not to). To those complaining about the road to the resort, you need to remember that you are not in the U.S. Less developed countries have less developed roads  deal with it. Also, the beach is gorgeous and if you notice the resort is much more secluded than the others. I have to say I was initially disappointed with their room categorization. We were upgraded to a room with an ocean-view; however, if that was an ocean-view Id have been very disappointed with a partial-ocean view. In the ocean-view room, you could BARELY see the ocean. Fortunately, regardless of the lack of ocean-view, the view was still lush and beautiful and the balcony very comfortable so it was easy to forget that there was no ocean-view. The room was gorgeous. The canopy bed was AMAZING: so comfortable and the gauzy linen was very romantic. The room had a DVD player, which was nice. The bathroom had beautiful double sinks, a separate shower and tub and a separate toilet. The bathroom was very well thought out and comfortable. My only suggestion, since the bathroom was so amazing overall, would be to add a rain shower showerhead like they have in the spa. Other than that, the shower and bathroom were fantastic. We also really appreciated the secret box and free room service. The service at the pool and beach was amazing. Were not big drinkers so we were very satisfied with the selection available. The only complaint we had, which is in no way the fault of resort, was with the clientele at the pool. There were quite a few rowdy newlyweds there. We are no longer newlyweds, but are still relatively young (in our 30s) so its not a difference in age that Im critiquing. They were rowdy! However, the beach was quieter for the most part. The beach was absolutely amazing. I have been to beaches around the world from France to the Middle East to Hawaii to the Carolinas and all over the Pacific Coast and I have never been to a more beautiful and serene beach. The sand was soft and cool to our feet even though the weather was in the 80s. The water was calm and crystal clear. The only negative was getting stung by a jellyfish. However, the water was so amazing, that after a quick panic, we jumped back in. How could we not? We ended up spending a lot of time in the ocean around dusk, which was beautiful. The entertainment was a bit cheesy, but in a rather cute and charming way. I especially liked the bonfire and concert on the beach. The fire show was also very nice. The food was very good. The French restaurant was our favorite with the steakhouse coming in just behind. The Grill by the pool was fun. The spa was amazing. It was a very high-caliber facility as was the resort overall. Very impressive!