My husband and I visted SMB for our 1 year anniversary 10/7/11-10/13/11. We both received the same quality of service that others who have written positive reviews experienced. From the moment you check in to the moment you check out of the resort it is an A+++ experience. EVERYONE working at the resort is friendly and welcoming. Please do tip the bartenders, especially those (Erik) working at the swim-up bar at the main pool area and those bringing you drinks to your lounge chair on the beach. They work really hard and provide fast-paced service. Alot of them live an hour from the resort and take the bus to get to work and back home. They are very dedicated and enjoy their work to provide good service. We had a swim-up room which we highly recommend. The view is an awesome thing to wake-up to in the morning. Only complaints: we were in bldg 23....elevators were right outside of our room. It was VERY loud starting at around 5am every morning with roomservice carts being wheeled up and down. This can be remedied by just requesting another bldg. We did have occassional issues with the water temp in our shower. Seemed to be at peak shower times when couples were getting ready for dinner. We are pretty laid back so we never made an issue of it. We just waited to take our showers. It was both of our first times to experience all inclusive. I'd already prepared myself for not being real impressed with the food (based on other reviews.) We did experience what others did. I would not waste your time going to the mexican restaraunt at all. Breakfast and lunch buffets at the World Cafe are your best options (we found this out the last day, of course.) There are just more choices and the food is actually pretty good. We had italian twice and loved it. The last night we were there, the resort went all out and created "Mexican Fiesta Night". This was amazing and I hope you have the opportunity to experience it! They took over a part of the resort to recreate an actual night in Mexcio. There were endless amounts of mexican food buffet style. You walked in and they handed you a tequila shot in a hand-painted shot glass souvenir and a marguerita. The entertainment was traditional mexican dancers, music, comedians, etc. I can't say enough about this event!! That was then followed by a live band and bombfire on the beach. Very romantic, we loved it. We will be back for sure next year. P.S. Schedule your transfer service to and from the hotel with a reputable company. Read reviews or ask your travel agent and have them book it. (We used Olympus Tours and it was flawless.) The reason I mention this is because there are men swarming at the airport trying to influence you to go with them, telling you they will give you a cheaper ride (if you booked with an agent, you already paid for the service and don't need a cheaper deal.) DO NOT GO WITH ANY OF THEM IT IS A DANGEROUS SCAM. My husband started following one of them because they told him they were part of Olympus----and luckily I had read the reviews to watch out for them. Olympus and the other respectful companies have to wait outside of the actual airport (not sure why?) BUT, they are right out front as soon as you walk out of the airport.