One of the greatest vacation of my life. We booked our vacation and did include the prefered club(well worht it)....only about a 1/2 hr from the airport which was real nice. My wife and I received a very warm welcome and was escorted to the main lobby and explained the golf cart would be back to take us to VIP check in. Once seated at the bar we were offered a cold towel and asked what type of drink we would like. Seconds later the drinks arrived and before I knew it we were escorted back outside to our golfcart and talen to VIP check in. I was told no need to worry about the luggage it would be in the room or getting to the room the same time we would. Once again in VIP check in was greeted by WELCOME HOME....and offered a 2nd cool towel. The employees went out of there wau to say hello and to make sure we were comfortable. We were asked if we would to upgrade our room and we declined and was escorted to our room. Sure enough the luggage was getting to the room the same time we did....The room was clean and very nice .....a few minutes later a knock at the door and a employee by the name of Carlos intoduced himself and was sorry he was not here to greet us..Room #2625....He did everthing I asked of him my entire stay as he was the concierge....We stayed from 10/09/11----10/14/11....... Everything in the resort was clean and I can't believe how friendly the staff was not once did I walk by someone without them saying hello..... The service here was off the hook.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My wife did get bit by mosquitoes a few times ...your in a jungle for the most part ..... The food was good ...if your a big eater I suggest stuffing your self at the breakfast buffet and again at lunch time....the dinner portions are good and don't leave you feeling fat..... For the lazy man you don't even need to leave your seat while at the pool they bring food around during lunch....you have to see to believe it......If I had to list one bad thing ..it was my steak at the steak house it was par ........but other wise the food was good. They did ask us about a time share thing and we did look into it ......You have to eat breakfast anyway.....No one was pushy about it but we did recieve a free diiner on the beach for two for listening the speach ...over all it took about 2 hrs time..... We would go back in a second ........I could keep writing about how great a time it was but this is enough