My husband and I just returned a month ago from Secrets Maroma. Our family and friends joined us there for our Wedding and it couldn't of been more perfect. This was our first time to Secrets and to Mexico and we couldn't of picked a better place to stay. Our family and friends were just as satisfied which made my husband and I very happy. When we arrived the staff greeted us with a cool hand towel and a glass of champagne. We checked in and proceeded to our room right away. Our friends and my husband and I booked a swim out room which was just fantastic. The best part is they put all of the swimout rooms next to eachother so we didn't have to walk all over the resort to find eachother. The rooms were very clean and our concierge Ethel was the sweetest and helped us with what ever we needed. When we arrived to our room they had hung a Honeymoon banner on the door and our table in the entry way was set up with fresh flowers and a greeting letter to my husband and myself along with fresh fruit and a bottle of champagne. Our wedding was on the beach and everything turned out perfect with that as well....my flowers for the wedding were beautiful, I told them what colors I wanted and told them to do whatever and they nailed it. I loved the variety in food choices and the fact you will never go hungry at this resort. Everyday around 1pm staff walked around with little munchies by the pool or you could walk up to the grille set up everyday and get burgers, fies, chips & salsa....the choices were endless. The entertainment staff there is exceptional as well....they made you feel very welcomed and did a very good job of getting everyone to join in with activites. The beach was very clean and the water very clear. I guess the only negative thing I could say about this whole trip which really was very minor were the mosquitos and it was only some nights more than others they were bad so take bug spray with you because you will pay alot at the store in the hotel. We will def. be returning to Secrets Maroma on our one year anniversary.