My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma beach for our 0 day honeymoon from 9/5-9/15/11. It was amazing! We stayed in the Preferred club ocean view. We have arguably the best room. closest to the ocean on the 4th floor besides getting and ocean front. Roger our concierge was awesome! I felt a little warm at night and asked for a fan and the next day an upright fan was in the room for me which made it heavenly! the room serice people picked up on our tastes by the 3rd day and stocked our fridge accordingly without us having to ask. I am not a big person for pool floats but was able to get one every day at some point..it wouldn't be the whole day which was fine with me because I cant lay on one all day without being bored and I didn't want to waste one by hiding it. We were always able to get a spot somewhere by the pool. the bartenders were awesome and gave us top shelf alcohol (grey goose, absolute) whenever asked. The entertainment staff made the trip the best! my husband (taquito) and I had a great time playing volleyball everyday! highlight of the trip. the shows were of professional quality. I would expect to see this type of entertainment in vegas...such as the fire and ice show. Miguel, alejandro, gabrielle (x2), and jesus were all amazing! We hope we see them next year! The season opener for football was shown on the beach with a big screen projector and a bar on the beach. this was AWESOME! We liked to think of the staff as our friends away from home. The food was amazing, my only complaint was hibachi. We go to hibachi alot here and love it. At secrets the steak was overly cooked and dry..the rice was bland and the enteretainment was so/so....but all other meals were PHENOMENAL! We both had a massage and facial which were awesome! Hector did an amazing job on my massage! overall I have no complaints. my advice for future travelers is bring bugspray. mosquitoes are around alot at night! its a tropical climate so be prepared. We will definitely be back next year for our anniversary ~Karla