After we returned form the first trip here in October 2009 I wrote an extensive review. Please see my first review for all the specific details. This review I want to point out a few new things at the resort and give particular staff accolades/acknowledgments for they highly deserve them. First and foremost, thanks to Maru Suarez and AM Resort staff for the very kind generosity and service. For all the new things since 2009: 1) The swings at the beach bar. At least a few hours here is highly recommended, very relaxing. 2) The new gym location: This is now on the other side of world cafe and is much nicer. Very good equipment and AC works great. 3) Coffee Shop and Deli: A good after dinner location or good deli sandwhich during the day. 4) Pool Area Beds: Several beds now are scattered over the property around the pool and in the woods near the beach to relax...very comfortable and this gives you another option other than pool/beach chair and yes, these are free 5) Beach Beds: There are now apprx 9 beach beds for rent. One of them is two stories with the bed on the bottom, stairs that lead up to a top sundeck. The single level ones are $40/day and double decker is $50/day. We rented the DD for one day and loved it. 6) The preferred club lounge now has room key access. This eliminates non preferred club members form walking in and using the facilities. And now for the much deserved staff accolades: Yessica: Our amazing concierge. Helped us with any and everything always with a smile Kevin: Pool concierge. Great personality and is always sitting down with people at the pool to talk and to get whatever they need. Have a conversation with him, he will make you laugh Himitzu Staff: Amazing!!! special thanks to Danny, Zuri, and Eliau. Best freakin sushi ever. Moses: Beach concierge. Non stop worker to make sure you have what you need Salvador: One of the kindest staff members I met. No matter what he was doing, he would stand up from his desk to greet you as you came in the preferred lounge. Thanks for your help with our situation Salvador In conclusion, the staff and service was even better than last time, the resort and facilites are amazing, best beach you will find in Riviera (Tulum very close second). Food is completely satisfying. Pay the extra $ for the preferred club. Bring $50-$100 for tips only because they deserve it. Rent a car if you are plan traveling out of the resort more than once. If you golf, El Cameleon course in Mayakoba is a must. This is a PGA course used by PGA every February. Last but not least: Do not believe a negative review of this place. If there is any problem while you are there, it will be solved as soon as you address it. Both trips combined, we have stayed there for 19 days and yes, we will probably return again!