We had the best time on our honeymoon. The resort was beautiful and looked identical to the website. The staff was amazing and we were always waited on hand and food. We decided to do the ocean view preferred club. We thought the PC was worth it. We had a different area for check in which was a lobby with daily breakfast, snacks and drinks all day/night. We also had our own concierge (Carlos) who was great. We were in building 26 which was perfect. Great view of the ocean and resort and close by the beach. The beach was beautiful, clear water and white sand. They would bring drinks and food out on the beach as well as all the pools. We loved the food on the resort. Bourdoex and Portofino were our favorite, take advantage of all you can eat and drink and try lots of things on the menus!!! We went on an excursion one day on the Mayan Adventure which was really fun. I would recommend the rooms upstairs instead of the swimouts, we never saw anyone in theirs b/c the water is not heated so I think you would hardly use it. Our room was up top and the view was great. Check out Cocoa Cafe also, they have great coffees and pastries all AM and night! The breakfast at World Cafe everyday was great, they have everything you can think of to eat. I would recommend going there for breakfast everyday and then going to a different restaurant each night to try everything. We went to World Cafe one night for dinner and wish we would have just gone to a restaurant b/c their dinner is buffet style. Himitsu was a great restaurant too but if you want to sit secluded instead of at a large table with lots of others, just let them know because they have separate tables also. Great sushi at that restaurant but we didn't like the sushi at World Cafe that they had out daily. Bring ones for tips, not necessary but they all appreciate it a lot. If you are looking for a fun getaway with your spouse or significant other this is a great spot, this is not a party resort with lots of single people like the ones in Cancun.