I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach for 14 nights in September 2011 and travelled solo. I booked the holiday through the Holiday Place PLC (London, UK) and dealt with Shayma. The booking, price and logistics of the trip could not have gone smoother. I would always booked my holidays through the holiday place who truly demonstrated exemplary service (especially Shayma, who made the booking). Flights were with Thomson and were definitely the low point of the holiday, although it was just about adequate. Transfers (via the holiday place) were with connex caribe and completely excellent..... on time, fast, efficient and extremely courteous. I even had a private transfer on the way back (despite booking a coach transfer) which was a nice end to the holiday. Customs etc took longer than expected but upon arrival to secrets maroma (after 14 hours of travelling) I immediately felt a sense of relief. I immediately felt special and the service was nothing short of spectacular. Drinks, towels, information galore. I dealt with Martha on the front desk and she was so professional and courteous. My room wasn't ready and after a few back and forths with the manager (I didn't even say anything) Martha came back to say that I would be given 1 (of only 2) of the presidential suites for one night (I had booked the most basic of rooms) and would get a slightly better room the next day. The presidential suite was definitely the highlight of my trip, It was about the size of my house (and I live in a big house) and had two entrances, kitchen, 8 seater dining table, two bath, enormous living areas, two TVs, sofas, chaise etc. I even had 3 separate terraces, swim up pool and access to the beach from the suite. Jessica the concierge for building 27 was out of this world, seeing to any little request with ease and a smile! Jessica even managed to secure a preferred club room on the third floor of building 16 (1639) for the remainder of my trip at no extra cost. I was promptly moved at 4.00pm the next day of my holiday. In some ways I wish I hadn't had the presidential suite as I was spoiled, but the room I had been assigned was very, very nice indeed. I won't go into details as many others had, but it was very nice, had all required ammenities and was cleaned to a high standard each and every day. Beach The beach was wonderful (as many have said) and is a big enough reason alone to return to this resort. I spent almost every day on the beach, which was much quieter than the beach. I was usually there before 10.00am and could always get a great spot under a palapa with shade. The wait service on the beach was a great touch (and one I hadn't experienced previously). Some days it was brilliant and other days it was hit and miss (and frustratingly so). Odd occassions some guests were receiving drink after drink and I (and others) were being largely ignored. I'm unclear why, as I was tipping regularly!!! The shining star of the wait staff on the beach was Anna-Leigh, in fast she was one of the best employees in the whole resort!!! (and there were some fantastic staff). She was polite, talkative, inquisitive, friendly and plentiful with drinks. Some other servers were also great, but Anna-Leigh just stood out for excellence. Property The buildings and properties were wonderful in colonial style and beautifully clean. The grounds were nice, but slightly "wild". The azul sensatori for example had far better kept, maintained and lush grounds. Food Overall food was spectacular. Drinks on the beach were delicious and lots to choose from. World cafe was better for lunch than breakfast and lunch was fabulous. I preferred breakfast from room service which was incredible, in fact all room from room service was out of this world. It arrived piping hot each and every single time and was amazing quality. The secrets box was brilliant for this. Never had a bad restaurant meal and service was incredible and each and every one. I tried all except himitsu and highlights for me were bordeux, but perhaps moreso portofino. Freddy in portofino was another stand out employee, friendly, courteous, polite, refilling my drink without asking. I couldn't ask for more. All other restaurants were great too (including oceana were I had some amazing tuna). Rendezvous bar was lovely, great atmosphere and even better service, waiters were offering drinks as soon as my glass was empty. Cocos was lovely. Fantastic beverages and even better service. The girls were so brilliant. The negatives (which didn not ditract from the holiday much at all): Shower was not great; Wifi was not free (at this price it should be); Slight inconsistent service at the beach for drinks; Not many rest rooms in the resort and none at the beach (that I could see). And that's all the negative points, so not a lot at all really. All in all a fabulous holiday and I would 100% go again. It might have been nicer with a companion but I wouldn't hesitate going solo to this resort again. The staff are possibly some of the best I've experienced in the world (and I'm fairly well travelled) and they made this trip. If anyone wants any information please contact me. Ross (East Yorkshire)