I don't quite even know where to begin in reviewing this wonderful resort. We were there for 6 days and all 6 days were amazing. This was defintiely an R&R kind of trip for us and that goal was accomplished! The staff (at all levels and locations on the premises) were extremely accomodating and attentive. We went without a want all week since they were constantly one step ahead of us always. We primarily lounged on the beach all day. That is where we met Eduardo, the waiter in our area on the beach. After day 1, we made sure to go back to his section of the beach each following day. Once he learned our drink orders and lunch preferences, he would bring refills without us even asking! He kept us fed and hydrated in the heat, constantly bringing water but all with out being too overbearing or lingering either. The restaurants were delicious. Quality of the food was great. We tried the Italian, Mexican, Japanese and Seafood restaurants. I could have passed on the Mexican and Japanese restaurant and dined at the seafood restaurant more than we did. They were accomodating in making our meal a surf & turf even though it wasn't technically an option on the menu. Again, all the staff was engaging and conversational to the best of their abilities. We speak fluent spanish so that made it easier but I don't think the language barrier was a problem for non spanish speaking guests. The breakfast buffet was also quite delicious. I am not big on breakfast but found myself looking forward to this meal more and more everyday. It had a great variety. Everything from American style favorites, to freshly made crepes and custom made omelettes and Mexican specialties (i.e. tamales, chilequiles etc.). We did work out at the gym. Very nice amenities there as well. Simple but clean and neat. We visited the spa for a couples massage. I actually enjoyed the pre-massage ritual more than the massage. They give you full use of the sauna, steam room, and hydro water therapy pools. It was a very relaxing process and experience. The rooms were quite nice. Very clean and spacious. Turndown service was a nice and special extra. There was just so much attention to details that it all added up to a great experience that left us feeling very spoiled. If you visit during the summer time, make sure to pack some powerfull sunblock and mosquito repellant for the evening hours. You definitely need the kind with deet. I highly recommend this resort. You will not be disapointed.