We were at Secrets Maroma Beach September 12-17, 2011. This was my husband and my first time at an all-inclusive resort, we've done several cruises before. We usually go on a lot of excursions, but we were looking for relaxation and got a lot of it. We read the reviews on-line a lot prior to leaving and were interested to see what Secrets Maroma was all about. It was incredible!! Some people complain about the road to the resort, but I've driven up people's driveways that were worse. People who have never left pavement before are the people who complain about the drive, it is fine, because you know that at the other end will be something fabulous and it is. We did a regular room, so I would recommend that you bring your bathing suit in your carry-on and carry that right to the room with you, because once you see the water, you will want to jump right in. It took about 45 minutes from check-in to getting our room and luggage. So go get some food while you wait. We were in an ocean front room, which was about 4 buildings back from the ocean, so we could only see a sliver, but it was phenomenal anyway. I think that the preferred club gets closer buildings. We loved the room and it was even decorated one day for my birthday. We went the week after 9/10/11, so there were a bunch of honeymooners, which was fun. If you want something more than water, soda and beer in your mini-bar, you may want to consider the preferred club. But we didn't care. I'm glad that we did the ocean view instead of the swim-up room, which wouldn't have had much of a view at all. The pools at the swim up rooms are not as private as you think and they don't go anywhere, so it's just 4-6 rooms that share a pool. The preferred club rooms have jacuzzis on the balconies, that would have been nice, but they weren't available for our dates. The food was fantastic!! You have many choices, but remember the dress code. If you weren't dressed appropriately, you had to sit on the balcony instead of inside the restaurant. Some of the portions are small, but remember that you can always get more. This is also a great opportunity to try new things. Everything was upscale, even the food by the pool. Yes they had hamburgers available, but they also had freshly grilled fish and the best shrimp tacos. You are responsible for your own vacation and Secrets let you do just that. If you want to be entertained by their staff you can participate in plenty of activities. If you want to just lay by the best beach anywhere and have drinks and food brought to you by friendly staff, you can do that. The drinks are great, they will make anything you would like. The spa is amazing, definitely go. The beach is unbelivable, the sand is like no other. There are no shells, no trash, no sticks. Staff cleans the seaweed up and buries it, so that is no problem. The water is amazing and so clear. We've been to many other carribean beaches, and this one by far is the best. No it is not locked down, and I enjoyed that. We could walk and see other resorts and be glad that we picked SMB. We did not have a problem with "stranger" on our beach, just other people from other resorts (and not many of them as SMB is at the end of the stretch of beach) walking along the water. I read other reviews and laugh because of what people complain about. I read one review that complained about that they smelled a fragrence when they entered the lobby and that the toilet paper smelled like baby powder--stop being so paranoid. Have you ever heard of aromatherapy, I loved walking in to places and feeling at ease, I was not thinking "what are the covering up?" They are not covering up anything, they want to enhance the natural beauty of SMB. Remember that you are responsible for your own joy and if you find something to complain about at Secrets Maroma then you need to find joy in your life and if you don't find it at Secrets Maroma Beach, you will spend the rest of your life looking.