Let me start out by saying that I read reviews about this, and many other resorts for months leading up to our trip. It was our first exeperience with and all-inclusive resort and I had genuine concerns. One of my biggest concerns was the fact that there were so many positive reviews on this site about SMB. I thought for sure that there had to be many of them planted by the staff, etc...I spent many hours reading the negatives too. Being prepared in case any of these things happened to us and knowing how to avoid the negatives. The BAD: I can't really nail down anything bad that happened on our trip. My only issue with our whole experience was discovering the first night in the middle of the night that neither the ceiling fan, nor the a/c was on at 3:00am. It actually woke me up. What was even more strange was just how quiet it really was in the room. So much so, that I couldn't sleep at that point. I figured out that after so many hours of inactivity that the room went into some sort of power-save mode. This was corrected by either opening the front door to the room or by what I actually think is a motion detector. Not a big deal to me, but I do keep my house at 68 degrees in the summer. I had read in many reviews to be prepared for warm rooms, so I wasn't going to let it bother me at all. The next morning as Carlos, our concierge arrived, I simply asked him for a fan and then literally had the best sleep over the next 6 nights that I've had in years. The road: It's maybe 2 miles people. Get over it. We have alot of crappy roads all over in the US and if you don't live in some huge city, you've experience it before. They're literally just little potholes in a gravel road. Deal with it and have a drink when you get to the hotel. Timeshare: Saw tours going on and they did approach us. We actually went to meet the VIP guy just to get our coupons. I said no to the tour offer, and that was that. We never even used the vouchers. Just say no if you're not interested and you're off the hook. The GREAT: The transfers were non-stop. Sergio, our Apple rep at the hotel was very informative and even made sure that we were well informed about the area and even how to "chillax." He even went so far as to write down the meaning of chillaxing, in case noone knew what it meant... Check-in was fantastic. We travelled as two couples and were very concerned with being in different buildings, and having to fight to make sure that didn't happen. Once they took us to the preferred club, they informed us that our rooms would be ready in 15 minutes and that they did their best to get us close together, but could only manage having us right next door to each other. It was perfect. We were in our rooms by 11:00 am! Salvador, who handled this was over the top and we were very thankful for his awesome service. The fact that we got our rooms so early literally made it feel like we got an extra day at the resort. The pool is great. Could use a few more floaties, but not the end of the world. Did see a seriously drunk guy the first afternoon. He nearly puked in the pool, and then was escorted to his room to sleep it off. We later found out he was getting married the next day, so IMO he gets a pass;-). Loved the swimout! The beach is amazing. Never had to fight for a chair, let alone a palapa. There really are plenty of them to go around if you just look. Used a hobie cat a couple of times and highly recommend that. Tip those guys well, because that's they're only source of income and they're great. Pool and beach service was outstanding. From the wait staff to the bartenders they were over the top with the lever of service that they provided. We tipped constantly, but I would think that in 8 days it might've cost me an extra $100 and it was well worth it. You will NEVER get this kind of service in the states. Entertainment was very fun and something that we actually looked forward to most nights. WE participated in the Idol show. Loved the Rock of Ages show and I even rocked out by singing a little Bon Jovi with the band. Played in a ping pong tournament. The Mexican Independance day fiesta was outstanding. They worked all day to set it up and the whoel thing was great. The food, the band, the tequila sampling. All of it was fun and we loved that the girls were trying the tequila. Made it very entertaining for us since they were hilarious after that! Karaoke at Desires was fun, but make sure you get there early, because it only goes for 1-2 hours. Preferred club: One of the best decisions we made for this trip was going preferred club. We used the lounge 2-3 times a day. It is really nicely a/c'd in there and there's always some light appetizers and any drinks you could want. Joel is a young bartender in the preferred club, and we left thinking that he was one of the best employees in the entire resort. Wouldn't even consider going without using this option. The food: I had somewhat low expectations for this, but was really surprised at the level that the food was. The World Cafe and all of the lunch options around the pool are outstanding. We tried Portofino, Bordeaux, and Himitsu and liked them all. Portofino, was ok, but for me that was about it. I'd eat there again. We loved Himitsu and actually went twice. The second time had a private Teppanyaki table and loved the job the Raul did. There was a serious language barrier with him, but it was a blast. Our best meal of the trip was probably the last night at Bordeaux. We all had the filet and lobster tail with the french onion soup. Very good and had a nice glass of wine to compliment the meal. Our server did a great job that night. Room service was good. Always hot and 30-40 minutes every time. We had to have it the first night, since one of our travelling companions had 2-3 too many Pacificos... I'd like to draw attention to just a few of the employees that really set this place apart for us.Yuri in the World Cafe is excellent. Juventino at Himitsu is an amazing waiter and really awesome personality. He's hilarious and you can tell that he loves his job. He made us want to come back the next night. Carlos, the concierge in bldg 26 gets alot of press on here and rightfully so. We will be requesting to be put in his building on our next visit. Salvador is right up there too. Very positive guy and always looking to help with anything. Jesus, Gabby, Alejandro, and the rest of the entertainment staff are great. We really hit it off wih these guys and they made our stay alot of fun. Trust in Jesus...Last but not least with the staff is Joel in the preferred club lounge. We loved him and on Wednesday night when we'd destroyed his bottle of Frangelico he made us promise to keep coming to visit him and he'd get us another. We stopped by after the rock show and low and behold there it was! He was grinning from ear to ear with pride for taking care of us. This is exactly how he was the entire 8 days we were there! Great employee and definately deserves serious tips. Conclusion: My wife had never been out of the US, and it was our first time ever vacationing without our 3 kids. Our youngest is just turning 1 this month and I had genuine concerns about my wife having fun and not wanting to go home to the kids the entire trip. Both of us had an amazing time and are literally getting ready to book again for sometime in the next 6-8 months. I like to try different places, but would honestly feel like I was cheating on this place if I did. Kudos to SMB on a really great place.