Our holiday didn't have the best start when we landed at what can only be described as the most chaotic airport I have ever been to. We had flown into Cancun earlier this year on a weekday, so wasn't expecting the total disorder that is Cancun airport on a Saturday. There were 4 different lines queuing from different directions to get through customs with nobody in authority having any control. After having our bags searched, we stepped into our taxi over 2 hours after we had landed. The taxi driver said that was a standard Saturday at Cancun airport, so if you are planning to visit, then look to fly in on a weekday! Upon arriving at the hotel, we immediately knew that we had made the right choice. A cold flannel, a glass of champagne, and a really friendly welcome from the staff. The concierge went on to tell us that they were disappointed that they were number two in the Trip Advisor rankings, and said they were all striving to get back to number one. After eleven nights here, I genuinely believed him. The staff really can't do enough for you, and do everything they can to make your stay special. The rooms are clean, spacious, and you can lose your partner in the King size bed! The layout reminded me of the room in Cayo Levantade (Dom Rep), with the separate shower room, toilet, and the two basins. The curtain separating the jacuzzi from the main room didn't bother us, just meant we were able to watch TV whilst relaxing in the tub! We also liked the idea of the hatch for the room service, allowing faceless room service! The room service menu was pretty bog standard, but you are able to get things like Rib Eye and Ribs delivered to your room. On the two occasions we had room service, we enjoyed it as an alternative to the A La Carte option. The food ranged from outstanding to average for us. The breakfast and lunch buffets in the World Cafe had pretty much everything you could think of. The World Cafe was shut in the evening, so it was A La Care dining for dinner. Our favourite's in order were the French, Italian, Seafood, Steak,Asian and Mexican. One thing we really enjoyed was the nightly specials in each of the restaurant. Although there is plenty of choice, it is always nice to have more options! On our three visits to the French restaurant, they had baby Lobster as the special, which was probably our highlight food wise. During our first week, we didn't need to wait to be seated. However in the second week we were asked to wait anywhere between 25 mins and an hour if we didn't get out before half 7.Waiting isn't a problem as the bar area is lovely, and they always had someone singing or playing the piano when we were in there of an evening. The hotel was probably about 50 per cent full in the first week we were there, and around 70-80 per cent full in our last four days. We didn't experience any issues in getting sunbeds, although you had to be out by around 10 in the second week if you wanted to get a shaded seat on the beach. This was one of the big plus points for us, as nobody likes getting up at 6am on their holiday to secure a bed! Additionally the hotel offers you limitless towels which was another big plus for us. There is no towel card scheme, so you aren't just confined to two towels every time you want to change them. The beach and sea were beautiful. The beach area that belongs to the hotel is fairly small, and can get quite busy, but has nice powdery sand, and the sea is a clear blue. We went to the El Dorado Royale in March and was disappointed with the beach and particularly the sea, so were pleasantly surprised that the sea was the Caribbean clear blue sea that we love. Onto the staff. It is a much trotted out cliche that "the staff made our holiday", however anyone who has stayed here will know that to be very true about this hotel. As stated above, the staff really can't do enough for you, are always cheerful and on hand to assist you. My personal favourite moment was on a Saturday when the chef used to wade into the pool in his overalls to serve sushi. He was then followed in by four of his colleagues in kayaks with more food! One of our minor gripes was that the shower water temperature was too cold and the pressure was too weak most nights. Think we managed 1 hot shower in the 11 nights we were here. We didn't complain about this though, so wasn't sure if this was a common problem, or just confined to our room. The hotel lays on around 20 communal mattresses for lazing on in the pools, and there are signs up everywhere asking guests to leave them in the pool when finished with them. Unfortunately a large number of guests were selfish and commandeered them all day irregardless of whether they were in the pool. Would have liked to have seen the hotel enforce this rule, as the same people ended up with the mattresses every day. More of a dig at the selfishness of the guests than the hotel. Do take plenty of mosquito repellent.The hotel do supply two wipes a day, but they don't go very far. Would say that the mosquito's seem more prolific here than anywhere else I have stayed in, in Mexico, or in the Caribbean. On a more pleasant front, the Iguanas that used to hang out by the rocks in the pool looked as relaxed as the guests! We paid for an Ocean View room, which I wouldn't bother with if we were to go again. You only get a partial sea view which I wouldn't say is worth the premium. From what we could see, you don't get much privacy from your neighbour in the swim up suites. I would put this up there as one of our favourite holidays, and we have been lucky enough to go all over the Caribbean. Secrets Maroma, a true slice of paradise.