This is THE BEST place I have ever stayed at. I never want to stay anywhere else when I go on vacation. My Husband and I celebrated our honeymoon here Sept 27th - Oct 2nd. We didn't mention it when we made the reservations but they ask if you are celebrating anything when you check in. The second day we were surprised with a "Honeymoon" banner on our door and a bottle of champagne in our room. It's about a 30-45 minute ride from the airport, the road to get there is a little bumpy but its 5 minutes out of your life...The moment we arrived we were offered champagne and cold towels and the staff said "welcome home". I wish that place was my home. Check in was fast and easy, they offer you coupons but they never tried to sell us anything, not sure what all the timeshare talk is about in some of the reviews. You don't have to use the coupons and they are not pushy about it either. When we got to our room we were amazed, the room was huge. We had a swim out suite and that was really awesome. The food was way better than expected, breakfast is an amazing buffet, lunches are either buffet or sit-down and most dinners are sit-down unless they are doing a "theme" night. We had breakfast just about everyday, it was really good. For lunch I recommend the grilled shrimp from the seaside cafe. It was the best, we had that 3 times during our stay! For dinner the Hibachi is the only place you have to make reservations for, that was so much fun and it was delicious. I also recommend the surf and turf at Oceana, we didn't discover this until our last night and I was really upset about that. The steak was soooo tender and the merlot sauce was great. I have dreams about that steak :) The beach is really great, probably the nicest I have ever been to. The yellow caution flags were out the whole time we were there but the waves were so calm to me. I don't think that they were much bigger than a theme park wave pool. There were sooo many fish in the water too, if you take some bread out into the water they flock to you. It was really cool. Another thing about this place is that you can rent beds out on the beach, it's $40 and so worth it. That was my favorite day of our trip, food and drinks brought to you all day and you have the best spot on the beach. Lastly the people that work here really enjoy their jobs and you can tell. They aim to please and, like many people we talked to said, they do not know the word "no". I HIGHLY recommend this place, we have already talked about going back and are also telling our friends how amazing this place is so we can bring them with us next time!!!! Some Tips- -Bring plenty of sunscreen and bug spray, there are lots of mosquitoes here -Get a swim out suite! -Don't pay extra for the honeymoon package, they will still bring you champagne and you can set up a private dinner on the beach cheaper than the extra "honeymoon" charge.