If you are looking to go to Mexico for the beautiful beaches, look no further. I discovered Maroma Beach during a snorkeling excursion when I had stayed in a different hotel in the Riviera Maya area in 2008. Maroma beach's white sands, PERFECTLY clear water, and rock-less bottom made my hotel's beach look like Lake Michigan. I couldn't believe that just a few miles made such a difference, but it truly did! And Secrets Maroma truly recognizes the beauty of this beach and strives to keep it beautiful. Every morning we woke up and went down to the beach to watch the sunrise, and at 6am there would be workers clearing the beach of seaweed and anything else that washed up and raking the sand to make it look nice. I HIGHLY recommend watching the sunrise here. It was one of the most beautiful events I have ever seen watching that red sun poke over the ocean! The hotel itself is amazing as well. The food was delicious, the staff was SO friendly and accommodating, the drinks were perfect and the grounds were a million times more beautiful than the pictures you see online. I couldn't believe my eyes when I first glanced over the balcony from the main lobby. The events were really fun, too! One night we went to a Mexican fiesta where they had a Mayan dance show along with a Mexican buffet. They brought venders in too so you didn't ever have to leave the hotel to get souvenirs. After the show there was a star gazing party on the beach and we got there early enough to snag a bed on the beach and listened to the music while looking at the stars. I nearly fell asleep out there because it was so peaceful (and I had 5 margaritas, but we'll just say it was the relaxing atmosphere) We stayed in the cheapest room which was partial ocean view, though I will tell you that I had to stand on a chair to see the ocean because of all the palm trees. But this didn't bother us one bit--just more of an excuse to get down to the beach early! If you have an open schedule, definitely pick early May to visit. Every day the weather was beautiful (absolutely no rain) and the place was practically empty. It was awesome. Hands down this is the greatest hotel I have ever stayed in, and this was my 5th visit to Mexico (3rd to the Riviera Maya area). My boyfriend and I spent the week here in May 2011 and it was the perfect amount of time to enjoy all the hotel has to offer while still craving more for next time! And trust me, you WILL want to go back!