Our review is very late but we couldnt pass up the opportunity to write a review of our trip and amazing wedding at SMB. This was our second trip to SMB and it was just as amazing as the first. Our first visit was in December 2008 shortly after the resort opened. This trip was from December 11-18, 2010. Our wedding took place December 13th and was just simply amazing. We could not have asked for a better wedding, it was exactly what we wanted and what fitted our personalities. All of our guests had a wonderful time and said it was the most beautiful wedding they have been to. Everyone fell in love with the resort and kept saying that they did not want to leave and couldnt wait to return. We booked the Wedding in Paradise package, which was free with our room category. We booked the Preferred Club Ocean Front Room (same room as our first trip). Airport - Resort Transfer We used Cancun Transfers for private airport transportation for 7 of us and overall they were good. I would have given them a better review except that on our return trip we had a scheduled pick up time set for 9:30am and the driver arrived at 9am instead and was rushing us out of the hotel. Our guests were trying to help rush us out the door because the driver was intent on leaving without us if he didnt see us walking out at that moment. The driver from the airport to the resort was wonderful though, very personable. I would probably use them again for our next trip down to Mexico but just be weary that those drivers want to leave on time! Check In / Guest rooms/ Preferred Club Check in was easy. We arrived at the resort around noon. We reserved a preferred club ocean front room along with another couple traveling with us. The other guests reserved non preferred club rooms and checked in with the concierge in the main lobby. The four of us were transferred over to the preferred club lounge for our check in. They were a little behind with getting the rooms ready since they were at such high occupancy the day before and many people checked out the day we left. It was no big deal to us. We brought bathing suits in our carry on and were hungry so we ate lunch at the Seaside Grill. Our room was ready around 3:30pm. We just love the view from the ocean front rooms and for us it is worth that extra expense but it is all personal preference. We stayed in building 27 both times and enjoy this side of the resort as there is nothing to the right of you and the preferred club is also on this side. We enjoy the preferred club; it is a nice quiet place to grab drinks before or after dinner. They also stock snacks and hot food items throughout the day. We love the layout of the rooms and the dcor. It feels very Caribbean to us and they do a great job with keeping it clean. The water is very hard in Mexico so things will tend to rust and there maybe be hard remnants that come out of the Jacuzzi tub, it is just something that goes along with travel in this area but does not reflect on the efforts of the staff and resort. SPA My bridesmaids and I did manicures and pedicures at the spa the day before the wedding. I booked the spa pedicure and basic manicure. The spa was great and is very beautiful. The spa pedicure was very relaxing and the staff at the spa does a great job. The last time we were at SMB we did the couples massage on the beach, I highly recommend this. It was so relaxing and romantic. The staff also did a fabulous job with our hair the day off the wedding. I, along with my bridesmaids and my mother got our hair done at the spa. Restaurants We loved all the restaurants. The World Caf breakfast was one of our favorites. There are so many options. Between both trips we have now eaten at all the restaurants. We do not have any complaints. Most days we would get breakfast at the World Caf, eat lunch on the beach or by the pool, and try one of the restaurants for dinner. We did do the Mexican Fiesta for dinner one night. The food was pretty good, we enjoyed the Caribbean Fiesta more (we did this one on our first trip and missed it during our second stay). The only downside is that the restaurants do not cater to big groups. We had a hard time getting even a table for 6. So if you are traveling with a group of people, plan your meals accordingly. Grounds The grounds are very luscious and immaculate. They are always doing work and keeping it clean. We always saw staff members doing yard work. They do water the ground with recycled sewage water to save on water consumption down there so sometimes you will get that musty smell but it is not overpowering. The grounds have grown up a lot since our first visit and the foliage is just beautiful now. Just be mindful that if you book a swim-up room you may get bugs since there is a lot of foliage and water in close proximity. My mother changed her room because the bugs in her swim-up were bothering her. Overall We had a great time and will definitely be going back! The service was great and the resort is just gorgeous. This is our second time at SMB and the second was even better than the first. There were so many more things that the resort does now compared to before. The beach is amazing and so is the pool. I thought the food was great overall. It can be hit or miss but better than many all inclusive resorts.