We love this resort and this is our second stay here in 2 years. We had originally booked at the Secrets Silversands, but changed to the Maroma shortly upon arrival. We wanted a beach vacation and your not going to get that at Silversands. The Maroma Beach is wonderful. The sand is soft and basically without rocks or shells for miles. Not sure if they clean it every day or if they have just killed off all crustaceans, but it makes for a nice vacation. You can even walk out into the water without fear of jabbing yourself. There are a few negatives. I will point out some not to discourage others, but rather to help improve and maintain this fantastic property. 1. The food can be a lot better without the resort incurring more costs. Fewer choices of higher quality meats, better preperation techniques, and cheeses would be a good start. My take is that they pre-soak most of their meats in a preservative that ruins the flavor and consistency of the meat. Chicken should not have the consistency of fish, and fish should not have the consistency of jello.....not asking a lot here...... I am not sure what the problemo is with the cheeses, but its all really poor quality. They couldn't even get the nacho cheese right. Bland would be an apt description. Same with the pasta dishes and hamburger meat. Nothing seems to have the right taste or correct consistency..............other than the breads. For some reason, they have nailed the art of bread. ............ The best food on the resort that is not breakfast is the hibachi grill at Himatsu. It was the only decent chicken and steak I tasted. Unfortunately, only 1 of the 3 grilling areas was open and demand was high. This is true at every Secrets, and I don't know why they don't give people what they want...........more hibatchi! 2. The pool music was in stark contrast to the atmosphere and vibe of the resort. If I want to listen to a DJ blasting urban rap and techno dance music all afternoon, I'll go catch a spring break party in Cancun. I come to this resort to relax and that is clearly the vibe management has tried to build with all the spa promotion and lush landscaping. They need to rethink their DJ or at least remind him that he is not at a nightclub. We'll be back I am sure. But, hope the food and music improve.