I booked my transfers from the airport to Playa with Entertainment Plus / USA Transfers online. It was very easy to do. Make sure you print the email conformation you receive. Once you get to CANCUN airport, DO NOT listen to the people inside the airport trying to sign you up to go with them. They will wave you down to go see them (they all look very professional). Unfortunately, when you tell them you booked with USA transfers, they will say that youll be waiting 40 mins until they get there. Do not believe them, just step outside the airport doors, and youll see them among the other transportation services holding up signs to guide you toward them. I guess they arent allowed in the airport, they have to wait outside. It can get confusing if you dont know this, so just go outside through the doorsdont worry! My husband and I had a very friendly driver. He spoke English. He was very courteous. The pick up at the hotel was perfect, no delays, right on time. I booked my stay through aavacations. Although Secrets Maroma is considerably pricier than many other all inclusive resorts in Playa Del Carmen, I thought it was well worth it! The attention to detail was only comparable to a Four Seasons. I would walk in the bathroom by one of their restaurants, and a staff member would be meticulously placing little flowers in a precise pattern in a floating flower decorative arrangement. Similarly, I would see staff setting up towels throughout the pool loungers/beds and decorating the towels with flowers. Unbelievable stuff like that! The staff was SUPER nice and friendly. It was truly a pleasure to go up to a bar to order a drink and NOT experience the usual discontent bartender who barely takes your order. At Secrets Maroma, everyone was happy to be there and have a job, so to speak. They all took pride as hospitality professionals to truly provide high quality service in everything they did. You wouldnt believe how many workers start racking up seaweed early in the morning, and do so eagerly and steadfastly, to finish before hotel guests start arriving at the beach. The rooms were beautiful. I stayed in a swim out. I actually had booked an oceanview and upon check-in, I asked if an upgrade was available to the next category which was a swim out. They were not going to give me the upgrade unless I asked because I noticed the check-in desk staff check on the computer, and then pull out the room key he had already programmed out of the arrival brochure. We did tip him $10 when he walked us out. We tipped a lot throughout our stay even though, we think the service wouldve been just as great if we didnt. The food was great! I loved all of it. Way better than your average all inclusive resort. The only other all-inclusive that came even close was the Veranda at Turks and Caicos. Otherwise, Ive been to two Sandals and the food at Secrets was far superior. If you go to the French restaurant, its not on the menu but they have a lobster special, if you ask for it. The beach was really nice when the seaweed stayed away and the current wasnt strong. The last two days we were there the beach looked spectacular. It was flat, clear, and beautiful! However, the first two days were there, I could barely find a spot to stand where there wasnt seaweed. So, good luck! It can go either way! I highly recommend the beach beds/beach cabana. They are $40 a day but they are well worth it if you are a beach person. I never go to the pool, and I get to the beach by 9am, so I thought it was a great value. The beach cabana concierge is Moises. You can find him next to the beach bar which is next to the beach beds, every morning at 9am. He is great! He is such a nice guy. His friend, Kevin, who relieves him to go to lunch, is also a great guy. They are wonderful! If you are interested in one of these beds, I suggest you book it as soon as you get to the hotel for all the days you want it, with your concierge in the building you are staying. There are only about 7 or 8. Only negative to my trip was the sea lice and the mosquitoes. Neither one of these two things can be controlled by the hotel, so this is not to reflect on the hotel itself. Anywhere on Riviera Maya, you will encounter these two problems. Sea lice (jellyfish eggs) are notorious on this coast. The guys get it worse because of their swim trunks. If you are allergic to bee stings, bring a cortisone cream and an antihistamine with you because sea lice bites can affect you in the same way. Fortunately, I didnt have a problem and got very few bites but my husband got destroyed. Again, I think for guys its worse because of the bathing suit. To make matters worse, he is allergic to bee stings and as a result, he gets huge welts wherever hes bit. So, this is just a warninghope its helpful. Having said all that, it should not discourage you from visiting Secrets Maroma. I have traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean and this resort is at the top of my list in many areas, including service and food.