We vacationed at SM in Sept 10 and Sept 11, each for 9 days. Both times, we really enjoyed all aspects of the resort. The Property: Well kept and manicured. There's a lot of great places to take photos. The Rooms: Very clean and spacious. We had an ocean view suite with good views. Being a low profile resort (4 story buildings), you really don't get a full ocean view from a lot of the "ocean view categorized rooms". On the lower floors, there may be palm trees in your field of view. It's not a big deal, but it's worth noting. The Dining: Choices of restaurants and menus were very good. The French and Italian are very pretty inside. We chose to eat outside for most of our dinners...there were a few mosquito's in the late evening, but the staff provided us with bug repellent wipes. We dined early most nights, so it wasn't a big issue. We especially loved CoCo's Cafe for our morning cappuccino and evening frappes. Nightly Entertainment: Above industry standard and enjoyable. We really enjoyed the Fire Show, the Urban Street Show, and the Star-gazing event on the beach (live acoustic music w/ bonfire). The Beach: Simply stunning and our late-night walks under the full moon were beautiful...recommend planning your trip around a full moon. There were plenty of palapas to relax under...recommend going early to the beach to get one if the resort is full. Activities: There were plenty of activities during the day that we really enjoyed. I played beach volleyball twice a day and water volleyball once a day. My wife participated in Spanish lessons daily which she really enjoyed...she also did tai-chi on the beach every morning with a visiting guest instructor. The maid will leave an activities sheet in your room each night with the following days activities. Snorkeling: I booked a snorkeling excursion ($42.00 US) through SM. It's about a five minute boat ride from the SM beach to the reef. I really enjoyed it...it's a shallow reef with all sorts of fish. It's about an hour long. The Pool: It's a very nice pool area with plenty of staff to serve you drinks. We always found a place to sunbathe, but I would recommend finding a spot early in the day. Also, there simply isn't enough "floaties" for everyone. Both times, we took our own blow up floatie. I believe we paid about $3.00 for a cheap one and just left it there when we returned home. The Staff: The entire SM staff was friendly and courteous. We especially enjoyed the entertainment staff members.Thanks a bunch to Alex, Jesus, Giovana, Gabi, Gabrielle, Hector, Miguel,and the rest of the staff! Also, thank you Cinthia for your hospitality. Odds and Ends: You'll have to pay (around $60.00/week US) for internet service if not a Preferred Guest. They do have a small business center with computers and free internet. Having an Ipad, we chose to pay so we could access our email from the convenience of our room. I believe it was free in 2010. The irons in the rooms aren't that great, but serviceable. Overall: We plan on returning in 2012! We really enjoy the Caribbean, Mexico and SM.