I have read many reviews of Secrets Maroma, both before we went the first time and before this last trip. The complaints in my opinion are petty. This resort aims to please and does so with outstanding service. If you were disappointed or something was not to your liking than you did not ask for it to be corrected. I will say that my wife and I are very easy going and keep to ourselves, but here that is ok. If you want to join in the activities then they have them as well. The best part: It is hands down one of the greatest beaches in the world. If you go here for the pool and do not take advantage of the beach you are missing the best part of this resort. The worst part: the road into the resort. It is very bumpy but it is only for a few minutes and then you are on the resort driveway. I am not sure Secrets owns the bad part but you would think it could be smoothed out a bit. Food: We have no complaints about the food, call it five star or not. It is fresh and served with a flair....love the ta-da moment when the entree comes. The buffet for breakfast is great and the barefoot grill is a few steps from the beach for a lunch break. It is also nice not to have to make reservations for dinner, just show up when you like. Drinks....lets just say there are no problems here, tequila tasting event is fun. Rooms: The rooms are very comfortable. We do not choose to upgrade for view or swim-out because we are there for the beach. The daily maid service, mini bar and turn down are done daily like clock work. If you don't want to be disturbed turn the light on and they will stay out. Service: I have to say it again the service at this resort is fantastic! They will tell you all the time it is their pleasure to serve you...they truly mean it. I do not care where you are or who you pass as you are walking you are greeted, even the men doing painting would look up and say hello. Tipping is not expected but appreciated. I did not see a difference in service to those who tipped to those who did not. We choose to tip as we felt the service deserved it. Special thanks to our building 23 concierge Alberto, Anali on the beach drink service and Lucio in El Patio restaurant each made our stay most enjoyable. Overall: I can only say that this was our second time down there and it was just as great the second time. I do not think we could have enjoyed ourselves any more. We can not wait to return again. I know it is a bit more money but it is worth every single penny.