This is the second Secrets Resort we have stayed. This one is located on Maroma Beach on the Rivera Maya, and it lives up to its reputation as one of the top ten best beaches. Absolutely beautiful! The resort is tucked between the preserved jungle and the Caribbean Sea. The property is new and well maintained. There are 6 restaurants and they all have great menus, excellent service and presentation, not to mention delicious. Food and drink are plentiful. Breakfast is a buffet with fresh eggs to order, crepes stations and multiple other stations. Lunch is outdoor barbaque or a sit down in one of the poolside restaurants. Again, more food than you would ever eat. The booze situation is all top shelf and over the top. There are several bars inside and out, by the pool and on the beach. They all have waiters hustling about trying to keep your glasses full.Even the mini bar is stocked with cold beer and top shelf liquor. Our room we beautiful, well equipped and had a great view of the ocean from the second floor of building 16, with a hot tub on the balcony. The lower level rooms in the buildings were filled with honeymooners and anniversary couples who had their own swim out to a pool in front tof their room. Water is everywhere. The ocean, huge pool, with areas to play ping pong in a shallow pool or sit and have your drinks served to your table in the pool or dinner by the pool, and long endless streams of water running through the resort inside and out. Just a very unique place. The staff is a well oiled team. You had a concierge assigned to you at check in and everything went off without a hitch. All of the staff and I mean down to the maintenance crews were working like a team to make your stay perfect. You really felt like they wanted you to enjoy yourself. Then came the SPA, you have to go. We went twice and not only was it beautiful and relaxing, it was the best massage I have had in a resort. We used the coupons from the VIP Check In and they made the already economic price, really a terrific buy. We did have the VIP Package which was nice, but other than a nice private bar to hang in, ( not sure why you would ) and a easy check in, and the coupons, not sure if you need it. But some folks say they were upgraded to it for free, so ask! I highly recommend this place, you feel truly away and pampered. My compliments to the staff and management. Youre doing a great job.