"We're back........"! This was our second trip to Secrets Maroma, the first was in July 2009 and most recently Sept 8-15 2011. Things have definitely changed and without doubt on the positive side. Just a quick background, we've been lucky enough to visit the Mayan area a few times, Moon Palace, Cancun Palace, Iberostar Grand Paraiso, Excellence Playa Mujuers, Valentin, Secrets Silversands, Barcelo Maya as well as Jamaican Secrets and Iberostar Grand, Sandals Whitehouse, Breezes etc. I'll start by saying that we prefer to visit different spots on our vacations so returning to Secrets Maroma say's a lot about how much we enjoyed this resort the first time. It's safe to say things are either still on par or have improved. We went with our neighbours this time advising them this is a resort you should visit in your travels. I believe they were not disappointed :-) 1\ Beach, I'll start with the beach, still our favourite spot on the planet "so far". Saving for a south pacific run but as far as the Caribbean goes we have not found a more beautiful beach than Maroma. Long walks in either direction still beautiful, jungle to the right and resorts to the left. Interesting deserted mansion to the right was fun to investigate. We walked up to the Iberostar Grand and said hello to folks we met from Swindon last year at the Grand :-) nice! It's like the new neighbourhood already! No issues getting a Palapa at the beach arriving at 10-10:30 AM. 2\ Facilities are holding up very well, clean common areas, clean fantastic pools, Again no issues getting chairs at 10AM Main buildings look in the same condition as two years ago all very well maintained. The grounds have filled in nicely, all the gardens are well kept and beautiful to walk around, loved sitting in the hot tub enjoying the surrounding gardens. 3\ Room, identical as the last trip, the bed seemed a little harder but still wonderful. No back issues in morning where at home where the bed is a little softer sometimes a stiff back so maybe this mattress is perfect! Everything in the room worked fine. Once I realized I had to press on a button to expose the IPOD dock on the RCA radio, I was even better. Our room 2448 had a nice ocean view {we were upgraded from partial no charge, second trip maybe}, our AC worked good, had to pull blankets up in the night, it was set at 73 degrees and worked fine. Good water pressure in the shower, slow fill up time in the two person Jacuzzi and not that hot but still good enough no issues. Even our mini fridge kept the re-stocked each day Coronitas nicely chilled. 3\ Restaurants: Portafino : Our favourite, visited twice, ask if Freddie is working he was excellent and looked after our requests with humour and a smile {and we can be a pain in the rump, some of us that is not mentioning any names ...Mr Craig} Everything everyone had was delicious, loved the pasta, shrimps, minestrone soup, plus the giant parmesan wheel, had it on everything delicious! Bordeaux: Nicely done, had the "special" Surf & Turf, nice filet and two small lobster tails, the French onion soup was fine, not the best restaurant but not the worst. SeaSide Grill : Very good, the T-Bone was fantastic "huge" and cooked to order with perfection. Sides were fine, the ribs were also good. Beware of the mosquito's at the outdoor restaurants, make sure if they like you, you're protected. I didn't get bit but others did so make sure you bring spray if you have the ferimons they like. Which goes for the rest of the resort as well, I had no bites while my wife was a feast for them. Oceana : Never made it here as the "mossies" were not trusted for another outdoor seating. El Patio: Not bad, really enjoyed this restaurant more on the last visit, had the flank steak and it was fine. Had some of the traditional Mexican fair as well, nothing jumped out but a nice change of pace from the others. Francesco {manager} was very friendly and Jose did a great job serving us. Himitsu: Teppanyaki table experience was good, Daniel was our chef and he did a great job. Standard stuff again, we still have not topped the Teppanyaki table experience of the Iberostar Grand in Montego Bay {Lobster tail} :-) Bare Foot Grill & Beach Grill : Lots to choose form at the Barefoot Grill and convenient for a quick bite. Nachos with jalapeno's and cheese sauce, burgers, chicken breast, tube steaks, vegetables, rice dishes, fajitas, ribs etc. Beach Grill was more basic, burgers etc, they did a rice and shrimp dish at the beach one day which was enjoyed, they mix it up the beach each day. We spent most days at the beach so missed all the chef's and servers with the tray foods at the pool. Sea Side Grill Lunch: We ate here a couple of times for lunch, Started with Don Julio tequila shots {x's 3} :-), never mind, great chicken burger {breast}, enjoyed the jalapeno peppers {poppers stuffed with cheese}, Buffalo chicken wings were great, everything seemed good, service etc all wonderful, one traveller didn't enjoy the club sandwich here. World Cafe Breakfast: Perfect every morning, loved the omelettes {jalapeno}, crepe station, waffles pancakes, cereal, juices, fruit all the standard goodies are here and no issues at all. We didn't eat here for lunch, always on the beach and didn't want to walk back to the main building. Bars: All the bars were consistent with our drinks. From Bloody Caesars, Long Island Ice Tea, Vodka Slush to Whiskey and Diet Coke, every bartender was consistent and did a great job. Ask for your favourite poison and you shall recieve. Grey Goose, Crown Royal, Don Julio Reposado, etc we were covered on the good stuff. Corona and Corona Light, Modello, Negra Modello, Pacifico, Bud and Bud Light, lots of suds to choose from. Nice to see Silverio {beach bar} again after a couple years, he made my wife a cool "grasshopper" out of palm leaves last time and he remembered us {we think} :-) We missed Victor, I was told he was working in Hitmitsu but we didn't see him. Bottom line, great bartenders who know the ropes. Activities: We really enjoyed the house rock band playing the various events, concert the in Disco, Rock Of Ages Show {which was really enjoyed} and of course the main event for our Mexican 2011 fall tour "Secrets American Idol Contest" in which our man Mr Craig walked away with the 3 night grand prize. Here is the link on YouTube to watch the festivities. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bowwyfzZLfg We did the Kayak tour to the reef and had a cold Modello out there. Played darts and beach volleyball {yes I sprained my thumb and I don't dive for the ball}. Entertainment staff are all fun and friendly. Gym: I actually made it 3 times this trip, 6 or so treadmills with TV's built in, I went at 8:00ish and had no trouble getting one, lots of weights and machines etc. Good facility no issues. Check In Logistics: No issues what so ever, we got there early and were given a pager that went off around 4ish when the room was ready, no time share push at all so not sure about all the hype there? Also yes the lobby was not as cool as some may like it I can confirm that. However not that bad at all, it is Mexico and we go for the warm temps. It is a personal thing I suppose, I had no issue with the temperature they keep it at, same goes for the indoor restaurants. A warm hello to all the folks we chatted to over the week, Joe and Toni UK, Jesse UK, sorry bad with names now, Boston gentleman drinking straight JD, Washington DC couple, Bulgaria folks, Louisiana drill ship couple etc, etc. Everyone we met was very friendly! I would say 70% Honeymooners and lots of folks from different age groups, everyone friendly and having fun. If you are thinking about this resort don't hesitate. Still highly recommended after the second time round and it runs neck and neck with the Iberostar Grand Paraiso as our favourite location "so far". Feel free to fire any questions in my direction.