We stayed at this hotel between 29/08 - 12/09. We stayed here last year, and had an even better time this year (if thats possible) !! No problems with check in, no timeshare hassles etc so was very grateful of this, especially after travelling for over 10hours. We stayed in Preferred building 25 and had a partial ocean view. We could see part of the pool area & the ocean-no complaints with the view. We were really happy with this location as it was very close to beach & pool and not a huge walk to the restaurants and main building. Weather was fantastic whilst here, infact very hot - but no complaints was great. A welcomed change from our dreary Scottish weather. The Beach - Everyone says this but the beach is fantastic. This year there was a storm that passed over and left the sea so calm it was amazing. We got some fantastic pictures. We often went down to the beach after lunch as it was so relaxing and to feed the fish. When the water was really calm it was fantastic to see the amount of fish that actually swim about...Unfortunately I nearly caused a massacre as when I was feeding the fish one day a big pelican like bird swooped down thinking it was meal time eeeek! Fortunately the bird was pretty stupid as it didnt even get one fish phew lol. The beach beds are in my opinion at the wrong end of the beach, its nearer the other hotel side, beside the water sports area etc, I think they wouldve looked alot better and more private at the side where the weddings take place, however they are probably located there due to the beach bar being so close. We didnt use the beach beds whilst on holiday so couldnt comment on whether or not it was worth the money. Pool - Pool area is really nice. Again we sunbathed at the infinity pool this year as it was relaxing and tranquil and also great views of the beach. Tended to keep away from the activity pool with pool bar as it did tend to get abit rowdy. The pool areas are very clean and well kept and the pool concierge do a fantastic job, especially Paulo what a lovely genuine guy, we got to know him really well over our 2 week holiday and really like him, he's so helpful and friendly. Had a few favourite servers, Melissa - she is just soooooo sweet what a lovely girl, Ana is fab, Gasper is great too & also Angel? Sorry I may have got her name wrong, another young girl she was so lovely too. The staff here are really excellent, best we have experienced in Mexico. The pool waiters were so attentive, very good service! The float game can get slightly irritating, I thought this was meant to be an adults only hotel not kids? We tend to get to the pool early so always got floats to use. We'd use them for the best part of the morning then dock them at the side, for someone else to use - not once did I prevent anyone from using these, they are of course the hotels not MINE. One day I saw a classic case of 'float karma' where a woman tried to take 2 and keep them at the side of her beds, anyways she walked on them & fell head first into the pool hahaha made my day, I just cant understand why people cant share, very strange behaviour. Hats off to the pool concierge though as I saw Kevin on more than one occassion putting floats back into the pools. The chefs coming round the pools with food is a great touch, we had some fun with the ones coming round in the kayaks serving mini burgers etc lol. Rooms - Rooms are very nice. Housekeeping and turndown service was always done. Aircon worked great too, room was always cool for us. The only complaint I have is the pressure of the shower, not great when you are trying to rinse shampoo & conditioner out long hair, however I got used to it pretty quickly. We had a tub on the balcony, however we never used it. They have a new coffee machine that they didnt have when we were there last year that was great. Our concierge Roberto would restock the coffee refills for us on a daily basis. Btw, Roberto is fantastic, what a lovely guy and spoke fantastic English too. He used to check on us regularly throughout our 2 week stay and was great! Food - Food tended to be really good here. We enjoyed the Steakhouse more this year & our favourite restaurant was Portofino the Italian. They do an amazing lasagne. Our least favourite this year was El Patio. All are of good quality in my opinion though. We really enjoyed The Barefoot Grill this year, we didnt really use it that much last year but enjoyed the cheeseburgers etc and was nice to laze about the pool and eat instead of going to the Grill everyday. Overall we didnt have a bad meal in the whole 2 weeks. Breakfast as everyone mentions is great, try the crepes they are lovely. Service - Outstanding Service. As ive mentioned previously our fav waiters at the poolside were Melissa, Ana, Gasper & Angel?!?. All pool concierge took time out their day to get to know you so they were all great. Manuel in the Italian restaurant, he was great. We always had a good laugh with him when we went. Roberto our building concierge great too. We loved the girls in Coco Cafe and then they worked the lobby bar at night, Lydia & Cynthia I think their names were so much fun lovely lovely girls. Entertainment staff were great too, Gabby & Hector were fantastic as were all of them just cant remember all the names. I could go on and on but I think you all get the idea of how great the service is here, I would say it is the main plus point of this hotel. The only thing I would say is breakfast service is VERY spotty. There were only maybe 2 or 3 waiters at breakfast that were good, the rest werent attentive at all. On numerous occassions they didnt fill coffee or juice up when we would be seated so would get our own juice, not a huge problem however it was never busy at breakfast so its not as if they were run off their feet. One last comment I would like to add, this hotel is so great & the staff go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and ensure you are having a great time, however sometimes I think that people do get away with too much. We had an incident over the weekend of Labour Day. A group of Americans got really drunk and rowdy at the pool area & basically acted like teenagers that hadnt been on holiday before. They all had beds behind ours (we were at the poolside of infinity pool) Anyway, they all decided to get together in front of mine and my husbands sunloungers (in the pool, as well as sitting round our loungers with their towels and drinks) talking loudly throwing things, drinking - basically just making us feel uncomfortable. I see no need for this behaviour as they knew they were making us feel uncomfortable and made no attempt to calm it down abit or move for that matter. One of the pool concierges moved another couple because of them then he said to us he had saved us 2 sunloungers next to the other couple. He clearly knew that we were uncomfortable and that this crowd were rowdy, however no attempt throughout the day was made to calm them down or maybe halt their drink. Anyways to cut a long story short, we seen them later in the Italian restaurant, even more drunk rowdy making noise 'whooping' and again no management intervened. One guy was so drunk he couldnt even walk right to go to the toilet and his friend had to guide him, embarassing behaviour. I heard the following day that one of the guys started on the Entertainment staff for 'trying it on' with his wife. Clearly the drink talking, as if. Anyway what I am trying to say is, when people are behaving in this manner I think management should intervene and put a stop to it. If this happened at poolside in the morning, im pretty sure the carry on in the nightclub later wouldnt have happened. We are Scottish and like a drink, however I also know how to behave in an appropriate manner, so if any of you are reading this take note please. So apologies for another LONG review however just wanted to cover key points for people. If you have any questions, please message me as I will be more than happy to help. To sum it up, we had a fantastic time here & would highly recommend this resort to anyone. We met some lovely people and met some lovely people who work there too. All in all money well spent. We have booked an alternative hotel for next years main holiday and I just hope it is as good as SMB (It definately has a lot to live up to) Ideally we are looking at coming back to Secrets same time next year for 10 days for our 2nd holiday as we had such a fantastic time this year so fingers crossed. Hope to see you next year Secrets!