This was absolutely our best vacation ever. Off Hwy 307 thru the security gates & then down a bumpy hard pack road that first leads to a narrow brick road and into a paved Paradise. Past the Jurassic Park looking gate past final security lies a resort that is in a word Paradise. Greeted warmly as soon as got out of our Private transfer with a Hola Mr. & Mrs then in to an unpretentious lobby sublime full with fountains and smiling staff. A quick check in & a moment with the VIP staff two friendly Nos & we were on our way to our room. Room #1216 swim out 1st floor in the building closest to the main building. Some more walking to the beach but nicely close to the restaurants, main building, etc. Room nicely appointed with King Bed, very comfortable. Separate whirlpool tube, large shower w/seat, water closet. With double vanity sink. Lots of shelves & room to store your clothes. Mini bar well stocked, coffee maker, safe, flat screen Tv w/lots of channels. Out the Patio door to the wonderful swim out. Patio with chaise and padded Love seat. Room temp was fine still get a fan cuts down on any noise. Beach this is where SMB shines. First no towel games here. See Kevin or another pool Concierge & you can always get a couple of chairs. The Beach beds were pure luxury, service was VIP. Moises, Jaime & Kevin see to your every need. Lunch is brought right to you & drinks are superb. Pacifico Beer flows cold & often, they are great about suggesting drinks. Food is always good & lunch is best here try the jalapeo poppers & the nachos. The regular area of the beach is nice as well & bar service is good. Beach is kept clean every day of any seaweed. Pool again no towel games here. FYI it all started when a group of 80 in a wedding party stayed & tried to reserve that many chairs each morning. Of course more than 50% would set empty all day. Nothing left before 10:30 left for 30+ minutes will reserve a chair. This means you can go actually have breakfast & then to the pool or beach. Pool volleyball is fun & the entertainment staff makes it really fun. Pool aerobics are good as well. Pool floats can be had again some guests think they should keep them all day even when not using them & again Kevin will make sure theyre shared. Great food around the pool & they even serve food in the pool. Swim up bar stays busy but you wont wait long for anything at SMB. Restaurants like many have said World Caf has awesome breakfast. Dinner was had at all the restaurants & was all very good. NO reservations needed except Himitsu (Asian). Room service is fast average 25 mins & a complete menu. Try the Strawberry Ice cream at 2 am its good. Coco Caf is very good. Grabbed a cup of coffee & got on the free internet most morning Spa wife got manicure, pedicure and liked it. Cigar shop is good however Cigars are expensive in Mexico. Entertainment, we caught several of the shows, house band is really good, Disco is fun. The Rock show, Fire show were good. The American Idol show was hokey & we saw the worst impression of Mick Jagger it was so bad it was funny. Lots of Honeymoon couples here makes for a good & romantic environment Tips-many had mosquito issues we did not bring a couple of OFF clip ons & spray, Bring sunscreen & or get a base tan before you arrive. Tip the staff they deserve it, utilize the Sports equipment like the catamarans, kayaks etc. Dont wear your new wedding ring in to the Ocean more than one was lost our week. Use the hotels transportation a bit pricey but you get to ride in style w/out worrying about getting to & from the Airport. No real complaints, noise came from other guests & birds. Lots of ants on the patio. The water level in the swim out did fluctuate from day to day. Room clock went to 12:00 several times, we never did figure out why? Overall recap-Beach Beds are totally worth it, the Swim outs are too. No Dinner reservations needed, no chair hogs, A+ service with a smile, Great beach, No wristbands, beds have box springs The staff here is the absolute best we have ever encountered. After 15 trips & 8 cruises nothing compares equally to this staff thats one of the main reasons well return. FYI the Resort was at full capacity. This resort is Highly Recommended !