My husband and I stayed at Secrets for 4 nights in February 2011 and we loved it. We left on Valentines Day and wished that we had stayed to enjoy one of the special dinners they had planned. This was my first time staying at an all-inclusive resort and I was skeptical because I heard the food quality/variety is sometimes lacking, but the food was delicious. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from so variety is not an issue. We loved the breakfast buffet at World Caf which is where we ate every morning and I particularly enjoyed the omelet station. We ordered room service twice during the stay. The main pool is heated so that was a plus because it actually wasnt that warm in February. There are plenty of rafts so you can lounge in the pool for hours. Service is amazing there is always someone ready to refresh your drink and they have carts coming around with ice cream and tacos. My favorite frozen drink was the mudslide. Unfortunately we didnt notice the beach bar until the last day and I would have liked to have a few drinks sitting on the swing chars. At the pool they had a grill and they also grill right on the beach which was awesome. Since the resort is only a few years old, everything is pristine and the beach is unbelievably gorgeous. White sands, not rocky, and there are plenty of beach chairs. As with most resorts, chairs at the pool can be hard to come by in the middle of the day. We relaxed in the hammocks by the pool. Customer service is obviously a priority  all of the employees were friendly and helpful. We stayed in a Preferred Club Junior Swim-Out suite. I dont feel that staying in the Preferred Club is necessary and I wouldnt bother on a return visit. The good thing about having a swim-out room is that its on the first floor which is convenient. However, I did not go in the swim-out pool and I didnt see anyone else in it either. It is pretty cold and it didnt get any sun. It rained for an entire day during our stay, but it turned out to be our favorite day of the vacation. We had a couples massage at the spa with chocolate oil (it was a special for Valentines Day). The massage itself was fantastic and the atmosphere in the spa is exotic and very relaxing. We ended up staying at the spa for 3-4 hours. We used the outdoor hot tub, the sauna, and steam room. We felt safe at the resort, but did not go to Playa based on some experiences that other guests reported. I think its a great place to go for couples looking for a relaxing vacation, but next time I'd like to go back with a group of friends or family.