I spent months searching for the perfect place to take our honeymoon. I finally decided on this place and was not disappointed. The resort is very beautiful, the beach/water is as beautiful as I have ever seen. We decided to do a preferred club suite partial ocean view, not because of the perks but because of the location, building 26 room 2640. Absolutely perfect location. Great view of the pool area and the ocean. Do not get preferred club if you are expecting some extra special level of service. I only say that because everyone gives you great service. The preferred club rooms are not any bigger or anything, just better views and a concierge that is very helpful, our was Carlos. You can have any type of honeymoon you want here. If you want to party there are plenty of places to mingle and party away. If you want to be isolated and secluded there are plenty of places all over the resort to do that as well. There are plenty of activities in the pool areas and the beach areas to get you involved but you are not pressured to do so. There are 2 things that aren't spectacular at this hotel. 1. Check in service - it is extremely hurried and before you know it your bags have been taken and you are being shuttled around the resort to your room or another check in place. It is just a little overwhelming because you don't have any trust built up yet . 2. The food - the food at all the restaurants is just average. Do not book this place if you are looking for 4 or 5 star places to eat. They do not exist here. Don't misunderstand, the food is fine and perfectly acceptable, its just not spectacular. The french restaurant and the Italian place are probably the best 2 followed by the hibachi grill. The non advertised stuff Barefoot grill is a good place to get lunch at. It is generally open around 1 and closes at 4. It had hamburgers,fries, sushi,tacos, fish, wings, beans, rice and some other things every day we were there (7days). Do not leave your food unattended. The birds and iguanas know when lunch time is and they will swarm unattended food. They do not come up to you, but it gets a little hectic if someone leaves their food around. Also, the birds will take your fruit garnish right off your drinks as well, so either out them in your drink or don't get them at all. If you get burnt out on the grill (we did) you can literally order room service right to your location at the beach or pool. They have a very nice variety of options. Hamburgers, pizza, chicken, lunch meat, sushi, fish etc. That food is just as good as any room service you can imagine. If you like snacks like chex mix, trail mix, chips etc....bring your own. A bag of munchies in the gift shop is$10.00 compared to a usual $3-$4 range at local stores. Make sure you bring your own sun products as well, cause they have the same high markups. There are mosquitoes and they will bite you if you are unprepared. We took 2 bottles of 40% deet spray and were generally left alone. Just don't eat outside at night without it and you will be mostly fine. You will not get any extraordinary amount of bites here compared to being anywhere outside all day and night for a week. I personally would not recommend a swim-out suite. They were much more expensive and the privacy is lacking. We stayed here Sept 5th-12th, the supposed rainy season and it rained 2 times for about an hour each time. That was it. I think its best to judge places on if you would go back and if you would recommend it to your friends and family. And we certainly would. By no means is it the most elegant and luxurious place on earth but for the money it is great for honeymooners of all ages and incomes.