We had read so much about SMB we just could not wait to arrive. Our flight was at 11 am so we got to the resort about 12:30. We waited until 3:30 pm for our room but they do tell you in advance check in is 3pm. While waiting we were very well taken care of. We were given room 1517 which i requested. The Ste was beautiful, a swim out.We live in Florida--97 during the day, our room was frosty all trip,we loved it. Like life is a Cabernet"s Husband I found the pillows hard but they quickly exchanged them. We were right in front of the elevators and concierge desk. Every morning the noise would start at 6:30 am,so if you choose a swim up try to get an end unit for less noise.I would say the beachfront buildings would be worth the upgrade,remember there are only 2 building 17 is one of them. Ok, that is the negatives ! We rented the beach beds for 3 days , if you like the pampered feeling and a place to stretch out its for you. We enjoyed it. There are lots of covered loungers available for no charge.The entire resort is beautiful . If you are a couple --married, engaged , in love ! This is the resort for you. The service is just beyond reproach. They are there for your every need, trust me I am a picky traveler .Ask for anything and they will try to provide it for you.I was just in awe at how friendly every member of the staff was. The other thing that rocked me was the pool lunch service. You have the sit down restaurant on one side. The other side of the pool has a walk up grill/buffet, remarkable ! Now if this isnt enough , you have about 12 chefs who walk down and around the pool everyday with trays of delightful dishes and deserts to serve you at your pool chair ! What a blast. We met some wonderful people, like Our very own Life Is A Cabernet and her Husband. I cant tell you how good it is to travel to another country and have someone at the pool tap you on the shoulder and say --hey are you from Tampa ! Great folks. The rest of the food was equally good. We had dinner in the "wine cellar " French, it was so romantic. We loved Himitsu, the Italian was good and also very romantic. The seafood and Steak restaurants share a building by the pool. We liked both but people listen when others tell you over and over. Your in the woods ! Bring mosquito repellent and use it. We used deep woods off and I never got a bite. My wife was bitten several times, but hey you do have a choice here,go inside ! The entertainment was good, not Vegas but hey you didn't book Vegas. We totally enjoyed the 80"s night rock show and the American idle night. The staff does everything every day to get you involved without being pushy. We also enjoyed the piano music nightly in the lobby with a martini ! I just do not know what else to say, the dirt road --fogetabout it ! it adds character ! We were so skeptical about an all inclusive resort. SMB has made a believer out of us ! If your thinking of booking 5 nights ,book 7 you will thank yourself later.There are all the little things, bugs,rain, heat etc that can effect your trip,but remember these are not caused by the resort. I just cannot find a reason not to book SMB,total relaxation . One last thing,thanks so much to concierge William Maldonado who made all my reservations in advance of our arrival,had my wife's roses delivered to our room and much more . Now the only stress I have is do I try flip flop mans resort --Excellence Playa Mujeres ? Or do we come back to SMB. I can honestly say checking out was a depressing moment, I really did feel it when they said welcome home. I miss it already . Go and enjoy !