Back from a wonderful trip to SMB  would not change a thing! Ill apologize, in advance, for writing such a lengthy review, but promise to give my honest opinion, starting from the beginning: Arrival  Our flight was delayed in Dallas, so we did not arrive until approximately 10:30PM. Once we arrived at SMB, down a bumpy, dirt road, through two sets of gates, we were surprised to be greeted by name! (Obviously, our names were reported via radio, while passing through one of the gated entries. But a nice touch!). We never made it to the main lobby. Upon arrival we were warmly greeted and whisked to the Preferred Club Lounge, handed cool towels and began the check in process. Considering the time, the process was surprisingly swift. We requested room 1710, based on recommendations from reviews we had read on TA. However, our room had already been assigned and readied for us. We received room 1618, swim out. Room 1618  beautiful room! Spacious, with plenty of storage! The swim out patio was small, with only 1 lounger, but we expected that. Lots of foliage, providing a decent amount of privacy, from walk-ways and lookie-loos. Little or no breeze and no ocean sounds from the beach. There was a nice note from the manager, welcoming us and a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket! We admired the champagne and went to bed, sadly, too tired to drink the much appreciated champagne, (more on the champagne later). I thought the bed was comfortable; my DH did not sleep as well as I did and grumbled that the bed was too hard. Personally, I think his pillow was more the problem, than the bed. The next morning we went straight to our building concierge, Roger, and requested room 1710, if at all possible. Roger, (the BEST), said he would look into it and see what he could do. Roughly, an hour later, Roger was happy to inform us that we could move into room 1710 by 3:00PM, that same day. GREAT job Roger! It is important to note, bldg. 17 is an ocean front bldg. and comes with an upgrade charge, per night. That was okay and we thought well worth the extra charge! Roger even took care of moving all our belongings for us! Could not have been easier! Room 1710  We agree with the original poster, who said it was the best room in the resort! Why? Because it is a corner room, furthest from any noise, ocean front building with a little sandy trail to the beach, (off to the left of the pool), has a large patio with two loungers and is a hop, skip and jump to the pool or beach! We never heard a peep from elevator traffic or the concierge desk. The rooms were identical. Same size, same storage, same bathroom the big different is the sound of the ocean, the peaky-boo view of the ocean and the larger, more private patio and swim-out pool areas. We used this are every night, before bed. I do believe the ocean front rooms give better protection against mosquitoes because of the constant breeze from the ocean. The more air that moves, the fewer mosquitos you have. TIP  Request a floor fan as soon as you check in. Point it straight at the bed. Keep the plantation shutters closed, at least half way. Your room will always be cool and refreshing! The fan makes a huge different! We did have a hard time with the window from the bathroom to the bedroom. We were prepared for this, and knew the lack of privacy would bother both of us, so I came armed with a beautiful, long cover-up wrap and some clips. Spread the wrap over the window, clipped it in place and carried on with our wonderful vacation! TIP  if you want privacy  bring a large enough piece of cloth to clip over the shear curtain already in place. 4 X 4 should do it. Many comments have been made about the toilet door. This was never a problem for us. The frosted glass door is a heavy frost. You cannot see through the door. And the fan takes care of any indelicate sounds or smells. I only have one complaint, with regard to the rooms, (both 1618 and 1710). The lack of water pressure. I have a lot of long hair, and rinsing the shampoo and conditioner from my hair took forever! Nothing we could do about it, but thought it was worth mentioning. Food  The breakfast buffet is very good. You can have your eggs cooked the way you like them and if you go away hungry, you have no one to blame, but yourself. The food was hot, well prepared, and tasty. Our favorite was the Italian, the chicken breast and rack of lamb was excellent! Our least favorite was the Mexican place. I had the Sheep Stew Tacos, (believe me, unless you REALLY like mutton, skip this dish). Himitsu was good - we had intended eating there a 2nd time, but ran out of time. The steak house was okay, nothing to rave about. We never made it to the French or Seafood restaurants. Cocos Coffee shop and the lobby bar are both worth visiting. An espresso and cookie at Cocos is just right, if you really dont feel like the buffet at breakfast. And the Lobby Bar makes a mean Espresso Martini, (my new drink of choice). If you are a tequila drinker, ask for a shot of Don Julio and a Sangrita! The Sangritas were excellent  but be aware every bartender has their own recipe for Sangrita. It is a matter of pride and taste. (We liked Jose and Victors the best!) ;-) Entertainment  The entertainment staff work hard to keep you as busy as youd like! People dont realize these guys work 12 hour days, 6 days a week! They love their jobs and it shows! Grabby - Hey Baby!... and Gabrielle, thanks for sharing your story with us and visiting with us. We truly enjoyed it! And to the whole gang thanks for singing Let it Be with me! Tequila makes anyone want to sing Karaoke! LOL! It was fun! Also have to give a shout out to Gaspar, Kevin and Bilbina  thanks for the pool service  you guys are the best! Hobie Cats and sailing  we did it every day we could and loved every second! We were lucky enough to be able to take the cats out, without help, but even if you have never sailed a day in your life, DO IT! What a kick in the pants! Fu, Fun, Fun! Now I can say I turned 50, sailing the Caribbean Sea! LOL! We hear/read mixed reviews on the beach beds. Some say it is not worth the $40 USDs per day. We say YES IT IS! We rented the bed in the middle of our trip. We were just tired enough, that being pampered and laying on a queen size bed, eating, reading, sleeping and drinking was just what the doctor ordered! Thank you for soothing our tired bodies, mind, and soul! We wished we could rent the beds daily, but our budget said no! The Preferred Club Lounge. Was it worth it? In our opinion, even though we only used the club once YES! Why? Really, it came down to room selection. The Preferred rooms are closest to the pools and beach. Walk the distance of the resort and few times youll feel the difference. Also, mosquitoes seemed to be worse, the further you got from the beach area. That, alone, makes it worth it! Free Internet is a plus as well. TIP  BRING OFF with DEET! Yes, the mosquitoes are an issue. The little buggers are there! I used OFF morning, noon and night and STILL had around 20 bites. Also bring some anti-itch lotion, like cortazone 10. (My husband only had a few bites). The Shows and the Night Club  Go. Laugh a little, meet some new people, and enjoy! Its free entertainment and fun! Its not CocoBongos, but youll have some laughs in the theater, then go to the club and drink a little, dance a little and get to mingle with the Entertainment Staff again. Final tips  If you have your eggs cooked the way you like them, tip your cook! That is one hot, thankless job! If you enjoy fine wine, splurge and buy a bottle of wine, from the wine list. The house wines are fine, but not great. If you dont finish the bottle, they will hold the bottle of wine for you, until you request at any of the other restaurants. Tip for service! They deserve it! The day before you check out, make arrangements for your bags to be picked up, call your transportation service and confirm your pick up and check your flight schedule. When you return, write your own review. Be honest and dont tear the resort apart because it rained, (or something equally stupid that the resort cant do anything about). And finally, be nice, smile and appreciate the service you are given. These people work hard, in unrelenting heat. Trust me, being nice, in return, will get you better service. Complaining about every little thing will get you nothing, but a miserable vacation. Enjoy and Safe Travels! PS  we never did get around to drinking that bottle of Champagne, thoughtfully provided. Oh well maybe next time, LOL!