After reading many reviews, we picked Secrets Maroma Beach as our honeymoon location. From the moment we arrived, we were happy that we did. The place is gorgeous, from the natural scenery to the accommodations. I will detail each important thing one by one: Room: Nice bed, two person jacuzzi, shower with a bench in it, flat screen TV, balcony with a couch and chairs and a fully stocked mini bar that was replenished daily. Room was kept clean and they have something called a 'secrets box' that let's you put your room service in there when you are finished with it. Beach: Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous. Crystal clear water and nice sand. Not too deep and not too cold. We used snorkels a couple times early in the morning because there were fish and small stingrays that would swim around. The service on the beach is great too. The time we went we did not have a hard time finding a seat ever. Pool: Swim up bar and food around the pool was excellent. Pool itself is large and has a relaxing environment. They play vball on the beach and in the pool daily. Drinks overall at this resort are very good. Large size and seem very strong. My husband's favorite drink was the 'dirty monkey'. Service around the pool is great too. Activities: So many things to do if you are interested in doing things from wine tastings, yoga, kayak tours, karaoke etc. The activity staff was mostly men and we got to know them through being beach volleyball and pool volleyball regulars. They also have billiards , ping pong tables, tennis and basketball courts. They also have nightly shows and movies in the theatres. The movies are new (not on DVD yet) . We only made it to the Urban Show and it was phenomenal with the best beat boxer we have ever seen. They also have a club on site if you are interested in dancing. If you want to go on excursions they have them too. There are many things nearby like swimming with dolphins or going on hikes. Restaurants: You do not need reservations which is great. The only one you did need to make a reservation for was hibachi which is understandable. We actually did that two nights of our stay though because it was so good. The restaurants will always try to sell you wine by the bottle but the wine is free by the glass and good enough for my taste so we never bought any. I would say 90% of the food we tried was amazing, which 10% being average. We didn't find any food that we didn't like. There is enough variety in the menus that you didn't feel bored with the resort. The buffet for breakfast has two omelette stations and a crepe station. The lunch buffet has a pasta station where you create your own unique combination. The staff is extremely hardworking and never lets your drink get empty. If you want anything extra or different they will do it for you. The only negative I can think of is that yes on some nights there are mosquitoes and they leave you with very itchy bites. We had read reviews and didn't really believe them at first but brought spray with us in case. On the first night we got bit and then we learned our lesson! We used the spray every night after that and didn't have any problems. The place does spray and we would see them doing it every night at dusk but this play is very isolated and is literally in the middle of the jungle so there is only so much they can do. Overall: If you are looking for a romantic carefree trip, I recommend Secrets Maroma Beach!