We booked our honeymoon there a year in advance. We fell foul of the normal tour operators trick of "Theres only 2 rooms left so book now!". When we arrived for the whole 2 weeks it was never more than 40% full, which was fantastic as we were waiting for nothing, we queued for nothing and always got seats on the beach and round the pool. We had done loads of research for this before we booked and took note of the good and the bad reviews. I fully believe the bad reviews are people being a little too picky or just expect things that are unachievable. Anyway what's good about this place ? 1. It's stunning to look at, particularly from the main lounge terrace across to the beach areas and main pools. 2. It's definitely 5* star. We have travelled extensively in the US and Europe and to be quite honest nothing yet has come close to this hotel. 3. The service is exemplary. Each member of staff whatever their function is courteous, smiling and always working hard to keep the place functioning. 4. We cannot complain too much about the food, we tried each restaraunt in turn and obviously developed our favourites. Other comments regarding the desserts are probably true, they are not up to the standard of the main dishes and to be honest after a feew nights we gave up on them and just had coffee. 5. Favourite places to eat were, The world buffet for breakfast and lunch. Then Himitsu for asian style & Portofino for Italian. The Mexican was good and certainly better than anything I have experienced in the UK before. 6. Lunchtime is incredible . All the chefs come out of their kitchens dressed in their whites and take trays of food (both hot and cold) around to all the pool areas as well as serving hot Taco's, pizza, etc. Some even get in small boats and row around the pools giving food to those sat at the waters edges. 7. Hot lunchtime buffet served on the beach everyday and permanent waiter/waitress service on the beach and by the pools. 8. Evening entertainment is what it is. If you're there for 2 weeks it repeats on the 2nd week, so effectively once you have seen it you have seen it. This said however the Mexican dance evening and the Fire Show provided good entertainment and an excellent al-fresco evening buffet. 9. As we were there on honeymoon, we took advantege of the Spa and the meal for 2 on the beach. Although these proove to be quite expensive we did hang around for our vouchers and when we got them just told the salesman we would think about the offers he had and come back to him in a few days. He never bothered us after that. In our opinion they seem to hassle the poor folks from the USA more than the UK (one poor girl was even woke up in the morning with a phone call at 6am to sell here prefferred club or something). We used our vouchers to pay towards the Spa and the beach meal and this made them more palletable to the wallet. 10. The rooms were fantastic, comfortable, private with great ammenities. Double washbasins, jacuzzi spa, wet room shower, 4 poster bed, good TV and nice balcony. One thing we found out was that if you wanted to do anything outside your all inclusive experience it was expensive. The free unlimited golf advertised was a shock to put it mildly. I realised that I would have to hire a buggy and some clubs (I wasn't taking mine all the way from the UK!) The costs went as follows :- $50 for the buggy $50 for the clubs $30 for the shoes $30 for the balls and tees $40 return for cab fare $30 to take my new wife around the course with me even though she doesn't play! Doesn't quite work out like low cost golf so I gave that one a miss. Mosquito's. After the rain that comes nearly evry day they are rampant and you really need Jungle strength sprays (i was literally shining with spray each night). They bite quickly and en-mass so take care. We would return here in a heart beat but won't for a few years as we want to hold it special. It's beautiful and you will love it