My husband and I chose to go to Maroma for our honeymoon in early August. We had an amazing time and really didn't want to leave! We researched for four months and decided based on the great reviews to go to Secrets Maroma. The service, food and overall atmosphere exceeded our expectations. We went to a Sandals resort prior to this trip and enjoyed ourselves but we felt that Secrets was a better resort all around. We were never bothered about the time share but we were warned from our travel agency. My only real complaint about this resort was the temperature of our guest room and the restaurants. It was very warm in our room and never really cooled down. We talked to our concerige, Fabiola (she was wonderful), and she tried to solve the problem right away. She gave us a fan to use and it helped but it was still warm. The restaurants were very warm as well but we got used to it. It wouldn't prevent me from returning but it was slightly annoying.Despite this, the rest of the resort was amazing. Beautiful gardens, friendly staff (whether you tip or not), clean and private beach, amazing food and food selection. We did tip quite often and although the staff was attentive before they were even more attentive once they realized we would tip them! We were part of the Preferred Club and it was worth it. We had a private check-in(this might have been why we weren't bothered from the time share people) and could take advantage of the private club which served top-shelf liquor and great snacks and appetizers. We went on one excursion and we booked it through Olympus Tours, it's called the Mayan Xtreme through Aventuras Mayas. We went to Tulum, (Mayan Ruins on the water), snorkeling in a Cenote (underground water/cave), ziplining and rappeling. It was an all day excursion (lunch included), we left at 8am and got back around 5pm, long day but so worth it! We really aren't very picky so other than the lack of good air-conditioning, we had a wonderful time. We loved the resort and the excursion! I strongly suggest this resort and hope to return!