So many good reviews have been posted regarding this hotel which was the main reason my friend and I decided on a "girly" week to a little piece of paradise and it did not disappoint. Friends only, honeymoon couples, anniversary or other special occasions - everyone is made to feel welcome and no-one out of place whatever the purpose of your stay. If you can survive the initial chaos at Cancun Airport and the queues, you'll find it was worth it and your slice of paradise can be found here! All the restaurants serve excellent food, all the staff will go out of our way to make your holiday special from the cleanliness of the room, to your favourite tipple. Our Thomson Rep James was there to help if we needed him, didn't "push" the trips just gave helpful and friendly advice. Yes, there are Time Share Reps who are present in the lounge area, however, as long as you make it clear from the start you are not interested they will leave you alone for the rest of the holiday. The Spa is lovely and although some of the treatments are expensive, you are on holiday! The vouchers given at the beginning of the holiday were very helpful but don't get carried away with the wine list - there is a limit of $10 refund for each bottle of wine and you could end up with quite a bill at the end of the holiday (we did!) - the wines are all lovely and the waiters were very keen that we tasted the wines from their home country which we did and enjoyed, pity you can't find these in England. If you are planning to watch your diet while staying at Secrets Maroma, forget it. Food is in abundance and if you don't plan to eat lunch you will certainly be tempted by all the goodies that are handed around the pool. We loved trying the cocktails each evening in the lounge bar and enjoyed visiting all the restaurants, two of our favourites were the Japanese and French. Breakfast at the World Cafe is very enjoyable and caters for every taste. During the day find a table inside as the birds can be a nuisance at the tables! Our room was on the 4th floor in block 12, it was spacious and had a good overall view of the gardens and the sea. Although near to the main hotel block it was surprisingly quiet. one afternoon it did get rather noisy from a party playing in swim up pool below - but they were on holiday! I think everything has been said in the many reviews but one last thought... at the beach turn right and walk along the shore, it's quiet and you'll spot many birds, Oyster Catchers and other waders, look up to the sky and spot the large birds of prey and just take in the scenery around you and overall, make up your own mind about this excellent hotel. PS: Return trip via Cancun Airport is certainly a better experience, some nice shops and certainly clean and specious.