Secrets Maroma Beach is a beautiful, well manicured resort with the most wonderful, courteous staff who aim to please you in any way they can. We have been to other all inclusive resorts but none so far compares to Secrets Maroma. The service, the food, the beach, the room, the facility, and the staff were all top notch in my book. The resort is clean and the groundskeepers/staff worked day and night to keep it that way. Everyone had a smile for you any time of the day or night. The beach is the nicest we have ever seen in Mexico and we have been three times before and stayed elsewhere. The entertainment staff, Alex (my son wants your job!) Hector and Jesus were very friendly and fun. All of you made my single 19 year old daughter feel special and she had a wonderful time! Darwin, our waiter at the Oceanside, you were so nice and made us feel so special-we will never forget you. Also, the beach servers, Paulino, Luiza, Ana, Benito and others I cannot remember your name but will never forget the smiles you had every day in the hot sun serving us our cold drinks. I cannot forget Daniel at the main lobby bar who made my special drink and Ethel the precious consierge at the front desk who helped me change a reservation for the Hibatchi twice! That was one thing we really liked here was reservations were not necessary for dinner, just go when you want to with the exception of the hibatchi which was well worth the reservation! The food and entertainment was awesome! We will definitely take another trip to the resort again. I would suggest to be ready for the mosquitos-just take some repellent when you go-they only bothered us at night at the open air restaurants and it was our fault for not putting on any on. We love the caribbean and I think this is my favorite resort so far that I have visited. If anyone complains about his resort it only due to pettiness on their part. Their is absolutely nothing there to complain about!! We did take one excursion that I highly recommend and that was through Best Day Travel. It was the Tulum and Akumal Snorkel Tour. We went with a very small group which was a plus and toured Tulum which was beautiful plus went to Akumal and snorkeled with the sea turtles as well as rays and many colorful fish. The tour guide was awesome, wish I could remember his name but the driver was Raul. He was very knowledgable about Tulum as he was of Mayan decent. My family had a wonderful vacation we will never forget!