Just returned from 6 nights at Secrets Maroma an awesome trip. Only a couple of things that could be improved but first the good stuff: Food - awesome and while I was expecting good food the food was great, they had a french restaurant and while I was expecting ho hum given it might be a "sort of french cuisine" the food was so good. The portion size, plating, etc was as good as anything you'll find in france. The ingrediants were fresh, cooked to perfection and presented in a way that only europeans know/care about. The serve was outstanding and they made a big fuss on my birthday when we decided to dine there. Hector the waiter was outstanding. The rest of the restaurants were very good as well, special shout out to Armando the serve in the beach side bistro. No problem changing menu items, everything done with a smile While they had a wine list you could go off package and pay more why bother when they have great Mexican, Chilean wines? I don't want to pay extra to have a bottle of over hyped Californian wine (I'm from CA in any case). Cocktails were great as well - no skimping on the quality of the alcohol either. Couples only - it's an adult only resort but it was great to have a good mix of europeans, south americans and no frat boy or girls drinking till they puke scenario. While you can eat and drink all you want I did not see anyone abusing that and getting drunk or being obnoxious. A very classy set up and very enjoyable. A couple of negatives: 1. The time share side of the resort is annoying, we knew ahead of time to opt out of the tour - why would I want to spend 2 hours with a time share sales person to get a "free meal" my meals are already included. 2. The coupons they give you require you to spend additional $$s to be able to redeem them, again why spent $30 on a bottle of wine to redeem a $10 coupon when decent wine is included?? They did not explain the system very well and when we were going to have a facial for two of us to use $80 worth of coupons they balance they wanted to charge was $150 - seriously?? we retired to our room ordered some room service ingredients such as yoghurt/honey etc and gave each other a facial LOL 3. Transportation - the resort needs to provide some complimentary transportation into Playa del Carmen. The concierge quoted different rates 225 pesos +/- for a taxi into PDC, we did that one time but then figured out you could take the bus into PDC for about 50 pesos !! and lastly PLEASE REMEMBER TO TIP the staff!!!! Yes it's all inclusive but when you have had outstanding service, food etc it deserves a tip. Not doing so is just cheap and socially ignorant. I live in California and tip when the service is adequate so when it's outstanding recognize it and leave a tip.