We stayed at Secrets Maroma the first week in Aug.. We picked this all inclusive resort because of the rave reviews it recieves here on trip advisor! Let me tell you, that it lived up to all the hype and then some! The resort is beautiful and clean. the staff went above and beyond to meet our every need. A very special thank you to Ivan, the concierge manager. He impressed us so much w/ his kindness and wanting to genuinely help us make our stay that much more enjoyable. He went into town, off the clock for us, to pick up a souvenir that we had forgotten to buy while in town previously that day. Such a great guy! The food was great as well. Not having to make reservations upon arrival for any of the restaurants was wonderful . We casually walked in to all, and never had to wait to be seated. Our favorite restaurant was the Japanese. Great sushi and the chef even made us our favorite appetizer which wasn't on the menu. Highly recommend room service,too! The portobello "hamburger" w/ salmon in the middle is really good! Icrcream at 2am, after dancing the night away in "Desires" also hit the spot! The pool was huge and we never had a problem finding two avail. chairs, no matter what time of the day we went over to the pool. And, the food that the staff brings around to everyone poolside is fabulous and brought around often! Highly suggest going into town/ Playa del Carmen. A taxi ride costs $22 each way, but worth it. The town is clean,safe and so quaint. Great for picking up souvenirs and even really cute clothing(check out SOHO-Great womens clothing!). Across from SOHO, is a great little pizza place,too! $1/slice and excellent! Another favorite of ours was a gelato place on one of the side streets just a couple stores down from the main strip. Oh, be leary when buying jewelry! I am sorry to report that we got "taken" by the guys at the "Mayan Legacy". We thought we were buying a "Mexican Fire Opal" for $150-talked down from $700! , but in fact purchased a crystal ring, valued at $50! We should have known better, our mistake. Still, this did not wreck our trip, it's part of our story. And, I do love my 9 CARAT FAUX Mexican Fire Opal ring my husband bought for me for our 10 yr anniversary! lol... There were a bunch of cute restaurants. We did bring our laptop and internet access was arranged w/ the concierge staff member assigned to our room for $50-60approx for the 7 days.(can't remember, sorry) I guess the real only complaint that comes to mind is that the month of Aug. is hot! Coming from Florida, we are used to the heat and humidity. What bothered us just a little was the warm lobby, and nighclub and the fact that our room seemed to warm up during the night. Although, with that being said, 3 weeks later we are still saying what a fabulous time we had and how nice it was. I am not one to go back to the same resort twice . I like to travel and see what's out there, but Secrets Maroma may be the exception. It's a wonderful all inclusive, adult only , beautiful resort. Highly suggest it to everyone!