This resort was everything we wanted and more. The service is out of this world! We did not experience one person working there that had a bad attitude or acted like they didn't want to be there. We didn't have to wait at all for drinks or food. Servers/Bartenders would ask you for your next drink before the one you were drinking was finished. No waiting for chairs, beach beds, or towels. We did stay when the resort was only at half capacity so that might be a factor, but it worked out great for us! What shocked us both was the fact noone expected a tip. That is sooo different than what we are accustomed to and what we expected. We of course tipped b/c the service was great! We would suggest taking money for tipping but it isn't required. USD are accepted everywhere we went which was nice not having to worry about changing currency. The rooms are how they appear online, so no surprise there. The housekeeping kept everything clean and asked us everyday if we needed more towels or toiletries if we were in the room, if not then they just replinished it. Every room and at the spa has its own personal safe so our belongings felt secure. They replinished our minibar everyday too. Beds were comfortable and it was very quiet so you could get sleep and relax without any disturbances. Food quality is superb! Yes the portions are small, but in our opinion that is how it should be everywhere. You can eat an appetizer, meal, and dessert without feeling terrible. If this is a problem for you, then you can just order as much as you like (it's all inclusive!) The drinks are great! They are better at the hotel lobby bar and the perfered club (but I think that is b/c they have more time and not as many people waiting) I can't complain about the pool or beach bars though. The atmosphere of the resort is directed towards adults, obviously. The majority of the people we met were honeymooners or couples celebrating an aniversary. I could see a group of girlfriends or families enjoying their time just as much. The entertainment staff were great! They were friendly and outgoing without being obnoxious. The shows were enjoyable and worth going to. Last thing to comment on is the perfered club. We upgraded so we could have a swim out room and the amenities at the spa,private beach dinner, and breakfast in bed (which were included in the upgrade). Let me say it was worth it for our honeymoon, but WHEN we go back, we probably won't pay extra for the upgrades. The private beach dinner was AMAZING! We would pay extra to do that again, we highly suggest it! Very, Very beautiful, tastefully done, and ROMANTIC :) Overall, we are so pleased with this resort. It made our honeymoon unforgetable and we will definately go back to Secrets Maroma Beach!!!!