Just got back from an 8 night stay with my boyfriend and let's just say I wish I was still there. From the moment we arrived, the staff were so welcoming and went out their way to help. They took our bags straight away so we didn't have to stress and it seems as if they're main aim is to make their guests feel relaxed. We upgraded to a preferred club room due to the ocean view and it was definitely worth it. Nothing like waking up and standing on your balcony, looking out at the ocean. The room was spacious, comfortable and clean and the little touches made it special. The food was great, in particular the world cafe for breakfast, you were spoilt for choice and it was a nice start to the day. We tried most of the restaurants and they were all decent, but the grill by the pool was also really good because of the choices and a lot of the chefs and waiters would bring out appetizers and food around the pool for the guests. The beach was absolutely unbelievable, white sands and turquoise waters - exactly what you want from a beach. I have to say though, one of my favourite things about the holiday was being able to rent the beach beds. Even though you have to pay, it's a small price for the level of service that is offered. My boyfriend and I would be laying on the bed and the waiters would bring us our next round of drinks without even asking and they even learnt our names - something you don't often find in large resorts. It's clear that the staff make such an effort and they work so hard, you can literally see them sweating in the 35 degree heat and yet they never fail to show a smile and a friendly attitude. Big shout out to Moses who was amazing! Because the resort offers the guests so much to do with its many bars, restaurants and entertainment programmes, it can be easy to just stay in the resort, but we did venture out a couple times and I am glad we did. I would definitely recommend doing a snorkelling adventure and if you like going out, then a night out in Playa del Carmen is fun. It's classier than Cancun and the bars are pretty cool. I also did a skydive in Playa and would highly recommend that to anyone who isn't afraid to jump out of an airplane! Overlooking the Caribbean beach and landing on the smooth white sand is a one of a kind adventure and definitely one of the best things I have ever done. Absolute 5* resort, there are no annoying kids, the staff are amazing, the service is special and you'll have an incredible time. The only complaint I have is about the annoying 40 year old Americans screaming by the pool - but I won't say too much as a number of people already have! BOOK SECRETS AND BOOK FOR AS LONG AS YOU CAN!!!!!