I know a lot of people disregard reviews that are nothing but superlatives but, if you do, you will miss my whole write up. I have nothing bad to say about Secrets Maroma Beach. My wife and I stayed here for a week in August and it was amazing. Imagine staying in a beautiful resort on one of the finest beaches in the world and having the best food and the best service all included in your price. That is what we had. I am typically not a fan of tropical vacations like my wife but SMB changed my mind. We booked a swim up room (non-preferred) based on reviews that I had read on TripAdvisor and that proved to be the BEST decision. The swim ups are so cool because you can be in a pool anytime you want. We often spent a long day at the beach, went back to our room, showered and then spent the next few hours chatting with our neighbors whilst soaking in the lagoon-like pool just outside our door. The enjoyment we got out of this cannot be overstated. The room itself was beautiful. We had a canopy king bed that was very comfortable. The bathroom is all marble and fancy fixtures. The shower was big enough for two and the double sink was great for a couple. The TV was adequate but, if you are watching TV a lot, you are missing the point of this resort. Whoah! Just had an earthquake in Boston! Okay, back to the review . . . The food is exquisite at SMB. Every restaurant felt like a 5 star Gordon Ramsey restaurant  in dcor, presentation, wait staff and, most importantly, taste. We had many choices but went Italian 3 out of the 7 nights we were there. Tino is a great waiter in that place. Plus you have access to room service 24/7 and it never took more than 20 minutes to arrive. The beach is gorgeous and the tiki huts are great for getting shade from the powerful Mexican sun. When we werent in our swim up pool we hung out at the two main pools. The infinity pool is quite nice because you can see the ocean too. Towels are always available and we didnt have too much trouble finding a good spot near the beach or pool and wait staff is always there to bring you food or drink whenever you wanted it. Everyone that worked there was great. We were always greeted with an hola or Buenos dias and a smile. I really enjoyed when staff said it is a pleasure, sir. So much customer service has been lost in our world, it was nice to see it being executed so well. We were asked to go on the 90 minute timeshare pitch but we declined and were never bothered about it again. I would go back here in a heartbeat. But I want to keep Secrets a secret so there always is a room waiting for me to return.