We just got back from a three night stay at Maroma Beach. We opted to do the Apple Secrets Square deal and truly thought there was no way they would put us here but they DID! We knew any of the Secrets would be good (we had never been to any but they were all 6 apple) so we thought what the heck. Well this place was amazing and would definitely go back. It's a 30 min. ride from the airport. We would love to be able to go back some day. We were celebrating our 20th and the hotel decorated our door, gave us champagne on ice, fresh flowers, flowers on the bed, etc. We were blown away. Oh and this place has THE best system for room service. Each room has a little two way cubical next to your door for the concierge (we had our own) or room service to put stuff, so you don't even have to open the door! It was the best! They also gave us a bunch of coupons to use toward the spa or other. If you are a beach person this is the place for you. Huge powdery soft beach. You can walk for a couple miles to the north and to the south. Plenty of lounges, a great bar with swings for seats, and plenty of spots of shade. Always someone to fetch you a drink. Plenty of restaurant choices. We were only there for three nights and by far the best meal and service was the Mexican restaurant. Francisco was the best server we had. The Japanese Hibachi table was fun, but you can just go anytime and sit by the sushi bar and the sushi was what was so great to us. The rest of the meal was just so-so. The Sushi- some of the best ever. We also ate at the Italian place (it came recommended by several people there) but we didn't think it was such a great meal. We wished we had gone to the steak house. We caught one night show- it was just ok but we did catch an unbelievably good 80's cover band in the nightclub. They made the trip for us! We also really enjoyed lounging on the huge "beds" in the lobby listening to a guitar player one night. We went to the spa and both had massages that were good. But the spa wasn't as nice as many we've been to. I only have two negative things we would have to say about the place; the first is the lack of free wifi. In this day and age it was so strange to have all these luxuries and then they were going to nickel and dime you for wifi?! They finally gave us a password for 24 hrs but still, that wasn't much. I refused to pay the $15 day fee. The second was the "sandpaper" robes. They need some fabric softener! I couldn't wear mine- it was so rough! I never asked for another though... We loved the pool grill- great food. Both hot tubs had issues and needed some repair. Honestly they need to be overhauled. We also loved that it was adult only. It was nice to go away and not have other peoples kids in your face. It was surprising the cross section of people we ran into. Lots of young (20's) and 30's and then many older (60's +). A true mix of ages. Also the place was so quiet! We never heard anyone. Maybe it's how it was built but it was really nice to sleep!