We stayed here for 2 weeks in August and went with Thomas Cook. The transfer from the airport was good- we were the first Hotel to be dropped off and the last to be picked up. I had read the warnings about time share selling when you check in and so we declined what seemed an innocent offer to get free credit  I had no desire to sit through some hard sell after a 10 hour flight! I wont say too much about the resort there are so many positive comments on this site and they are all true. We met many guests who had been to Secrets Maraoma in previous years and returned because it was so good . I thought I would write about some of the excursions that we went on as it is easy to just stay in the resort all of the time but there are so many great places to visit. We were there for 2 weeks so it was easy to find the time to both relax at the hotel and go out. If you like running or walking along the beach this is a great resort. The sand is easy to run on and you can go for miles. If you turn right you go around the headland and can only go for about half an hour. If you turn left you can go for miles- in fact we never got to the end, it is a beautiful walk/run but remember to take water. Our first trip was a taxi to Playa Carman. The Hotel get the taxi for you and it costs about 220 Pesos each way. Taxi driver was mad but think we were unlucky as not all of them were. Playa Carmen is worth a visit but although the beach is nice it isnt as good as the Hotel beach. I suggest you either go early evening if you just want to go for the shops or late evening if you want the night life. We didnt want to do the bars we just wanted to see the place so walked down fifth avenue which sounds grand but isnt!! It is full of tacky touristy shops but useful if you need to buy pressies to take home. Our second trip was to Hire a jeep and we did the equivalent of about 4 trips in one day. We knew that we wanted to go to Chichen Itza but I didnt want to spend hours picking up others from their hotels on the way. Also most of the trips end up arriving there in the heat of the day and we wanted to go late afternoon. We hired the Jeep from the Avis man in the lobby area and the service was excellent. You hire the car for 24 hours so there is no rush to be back by a certain time. We drove to Tulum which was well worth a visit. It was good to avoid all the coach tours and see it at our own pace. We then went to Valledoid. It isnt worth going to this town, not much to see and we wished we had gone to Coba instead. On the way to Chichen Itza we stopped for a swim at the Dzinup Ceynote cave- it was amazing and well worth the visit. It was a long day but if you done mind driving then you can see so much at practically the same cost as doing the organised trips. The roads were fine to drive on, there are regular police checks but they dont tend to stop tourists. Our Third trip was the Fatcat Catamaran trip . This was excellent, you drive to port Adventura which is about an hour away and the boat wasnt too crowded and the crew were fantastic and really made it a fun afternoon. If you like boat trips go on this. Finally we decided we wanted to go to the isle of Mjeres. Again we had heard that if you go on the organised trip then you stop at 5 hotels for pick up and leave at 7amin the morning. We decided to get a taxi to the ferry terminal in Cancun which was 400 pesos each way. The boat trip is 30 mins and then we hired bikes to cycle around. Most people hire golf buggies and these are easily available when you get off the boat everywhere. It is a really quaint island and we loved it. We left Maroma at 9.30 and were back by 5pm and we had plenty of time on the island. I am so glad we did our own arrangements  it cost us the same as the organised trip and we saved 4 hours of picking and dropping people off . I know that many people will be happy to stay in the hotel all of the time but if like me you like to go out I hope this helps.