My husband and I are frequent travelers and have been to a lot of wonderful resorts, cruises, and bed-n-breakfasts around the globe and found this resort outstanding enough to rate a return. This resort, however, was our first at a large-ish type property. Ive seen on a few occasions that people have compared Secrets Maroma to Excellence and Dreams properties and we have no connection to those properties in that state our reference is to Zoetry Paraiso de la Bonita. But there is no comparison, because of size, socio-economic similarities and laid-backness (no such word, but it works for me). First of all, my complaints have absolutely nothing to do with the resort itself except I wear linen and there was no steam iron in the room, but I went old school and sprinkled water on the clothes to get the job done. I feel as if Secrets Maroma sets a dress code, then they should accommodate those who attempt (some didnt) by placing an iron that will make you presentable. Thats it! Service was excellent to the nth degree; spa (I had 4 services) perfecto; people were gracious and accommodating; and the food was good to great (your palate will be the final say!) Secondly, we are total beach bums and did NOT put one foot into the pool and did not witness the loud Americans (see SanFermin1982 comments)! We heard the waves lapping and the cheers of those getting married. So we were not privy to the scrumptious (and Im sure that they were) treats passed around the pool. We had Urbano, Ana, and Melda who made our beach experience a special one! The ocean seemed to be the same color as the pool, with beautiful little fish swimming about. This brings me to my second complaint, (totally unrelated to the resort itself) for those going to the resort PLEASE feed the fish outside of the swimming area! Its a bit disconcerting to step into water and get swarmed by a school of fish and to have to splash and such to shoo them away. They really dont bother you, but its rather startling. Thirdly, if you dont speak Spanish, dont try while youre there. The staff speaks great English and to be honest, you sound stupid, not impressive. There are Spanish lessons every morning at 10:30, go and start there. HS Spanish wont work! Lastly, I would like to address those people who complained about the seaweed. Get over yourselves! Better yet, get over the seaweed and enjoy the amazing horizon and the color of that sky, crystal clear water set at near bathwater temperature and the soft white sand beach. I saw 6 young men shoveling the collected seaweed and dump it into 4  4 foot deep holes, in dark green jumpsuits, in the blazing hot sun for an hour, for your beach pleasure and experience. Did you not see them? And if you didnt, shame on you! My suggestion is to request a room in buildings 21-27 because if youre on the other side youre next door to the resort with loud music that is piped onto their beach but can be clearly heard throughout Secrets Maroma. There are a lot of options to keep you at the resort or if you're curious or adventurous there are options to fill those needs as well. All you have to do is to ask and the response will be "my pleasure". We will return with friends because aside from its size its a great place! Thank you Hector for the attempt at finding the whistles! And  IT WAS MY PLEASURE! Hasta luego!