My husband and I just got back from 8 fantastic days at this resort. When we finally made it (plane troubles) it was 11 at night. Not much to do or see at that time. We got to our room and went out and had a drink outside of the lobby bar. Had been traveling for almost 20 hrs by then. The room was nice. The bed and pillows were soft and compfotable. We really liked getting the Sundial everynight. It is the resorts flyer that lets you know what is going to be happening the next day. Special theme nights and entertainment as well as times and places for events scheduled during the day. Take time to read it. We were amazed at how many people didn't know what was going on. It is just one sheet of paper , front and back! On Wednesday night their was the manager's cocktail party and Mike and I were one of the few that showed up! We got to talk to Gino the General Manager. He is a very interesting person. He wanted our feedback on what we liked about the resort and what we thought he could do to improve it. We enjoyed talking to him very much. Thanks Gino! He wanted to know if we were there for a special reason and we told him we were celebrating our 38th wedding anniversary. When we got back to the room that afternoon, there was a beautiful flower arrangement and cake with 'Happy 38th Anniversary' written in chocolate on the plate. It was a wonderful surprise! Thanks Gino. The next morning we started with a great breakfast at the World Cafe. We always like to take a walk around the property to get a feel for the place. Our room was in building 22, 2nd floor at the end. Great spot. We were near all of the restaurants and nighttime activites. We walked down to the pool and beach every morning. A lot of people seem to get a later start in the morning. Getting a lounge chair was never a problem. Always enough availible. Really no need to put stuff out at 7 or 8 am. If you do people walk around and move your things off the lounge onto a nearby chair if you are not around. The pool - One pool has the swim up bar. Felipe and Jose will take good care of you. This pool is also where we played volleyball everyday. It was the hightlight of our day. Hi to Pat and Debbie. The EC's are tremendous!! They keep everyone laughing and have just as much fun as we do. Thank you to all of you. You are the best group of EC's we have had the pleasure to know.Great job! Don't want to leave anyones name out so here's to all of you! The other pool is just behind this one. You can float around and look out onto the ocean. The ocean was warm and clear. We had beautiful fish swimming with us. The workers clean up the seaweed everymorning. Food- The best thing was the food that was served at the pool. People actually walked around the pool area with plates of finger food! Everything from pizza, sandwiches, a seafood paella was served and pork tacos cut from a spit and cooked from a cart.Wonderful! Then they came around with dessert! What more can you ask for. You never had to leave the pool. You could also order from a menu and get food brought to you at the swim up bar or your lounge. They also have the Barefoot Grill. Hamburgs, chicken, fish were served along with sushi, dessert, french fries. salad and nachos. At night the main restaurants served wonderful meals either outside or inside. There is a problem with bugs at night. We brought bug spray and the resort also gives out bug wipes. The Sugar Reef bar is a nice place to have a drink before and after dinner. It has a ping pong table,pool talbe, chess boards and other games as well as 2 TV's to watch sports on. Angel is the great bartender there. We would sit outside on the patio everynight and have a drink. Cinthia, our waitress, remembered what we had to drink the night before and asked us if we wanted the same thing to drink! Truly amazing considering all the people she waits on in a night. The whole staff from top to bottom are truly amazing! All in all this is a great resort. We had a wonderfult time and will be back.