Since expedia gave us the best price for air\hotel\transfer, we booked our trip through them. I talked to an agent and a Secrets master agent, but again expedia gave us a better price. My wife and I traveled with 2 other couples and were all able to stay in the same building (14). We paid for an Ocean view room and were slightly disappointed. The room was beautiful and clean, but the view was just ok. If I looked outside our balcony, you see buildings on your right and left and see a partial view of the ocean straight ahead. Maybe it is b/c we stayed in the Preferred tower in Dreams Cancun for our honeymoon 3 yrs ago, but I would definitely not reserve the ocean view room again. Beach \ Pools - Every morning we went to the beach and pools and hung out there all day. Never had a problem reserving chairs at either place. We stayed in August. The beach and pools were as beautiful as seen in the pictures. Service  The service on the resort was perfect. Whether we were hanging out at the lobby bar, on the beach, at the pool, or ordering room service there was always someone asking if we wanted food or drinks. Bugs  Yea, bugs are an issue. All of us got bit pretty bad by mosquitoes. They provided wipes in the room to prevent them, but it didnt seem to help. We got bit everywhere we went on the resort. Must have been due to the time of the year. Nightlife  We knew coming here that there was not much of a night life, but we were not worried. We usually ate late dinners and hung out at the lobby bar, which closed at 1 am. Desires was open after that, but it was not our type of thing. We just went back to our friends swimout room, ordered beer from room service, and swam outside. Food  I loved the food. I felt like no matter the time of the day, we were always eating. I dont like fish, but never had a problem finding something I liked on the menu. My favorite place was the hibachi dinner at Himitsu. The fried ice cream was to die for! Crowd  The average age of the people at the resort seemed to be in their 30s. Tips  I brought a bunch of $1 bills to the resort and think we ended up using about $60 in tips in the 5 days we were there. Not required, but it was worth it to me. Favorite thing  As I said earlier, the service on the resort was perfect. Everyone was very nice. Least Favorite  The view from my ocean view room. We were on the 4th floor and I expected more. Especially considering this resort is one of the more expensive places to travel too. I am sure the preferred rooms had a nice view, but I am not paying as much as they were asking for that. Overall we had a great vacation. Next time I would probably check out another Dreams or Secrets, before coming back here. The only reason being is the cost. The preferred rooms in Dreams Cancun gave us a better view and cost a lot less. If the cost is not a concern, then I would be back here in a heartbeat.