I have to say firstly based on the last review I think it is wrong to say that just because you are not American you will be treated as second class. I arrived home yesterday and I have no criticism what so ever and I have to say I can be fussy at times! First of all, when you arrive you are welcomed warmly, led to check in, given a cool flannel and champagne, nothing seems too much trouble, I was wary of timeshare people who make you attend a meeting in return for vouchers, yes we were taken to a desk but given the vouchers no problem. I have read somewhere that people from the UK aren't seen as so appealing on the timeshare front so maybe that is why. Room - amazing. I was not in a preferred suite. The rooms were very spacious, and comfortable. I would definately recommend paying for a swim up room, it is a perfect way to spend an lazy afternoon. We also had a jacuzzi in our room and a mini bar that was stocked daily with still and sparkling water, fanta, sprite,diet coke, coke and corona. The rooms are cleaned daily and at night they offer a turn down service where they dim the lights and even put water by your bed and leave you chocolates. There are a variety of TV channels, mainly American ones...not that you are there to watch TV in that beautiful resort though. The Air conditioning is perfectly adequate, we never had any problems with comfort due to the heat. Mosquitoes - yes they are abundant, but this is to be expected, you are in the jungle. The rooms have mesh across the doors to keep them out, they also provide wipes in the rooms and around the resort should you need them. Bring a strong spray or two and you will be fine. Food - the breakfast was delicious, I personally recommend the Omlettes and crepes. There is so much to choose from: bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, cheeses, cold meats, yoghurts, french toast, pancakes, fruit, smoothies, cakes and much much more. I highly recommend the Portofino (the Italian) I loved the lamb rack and ministrone soup but overall my favourite was the Steakhouse where they did a delicious red sausage, cheese and onion appetiser and lamb main with rustic mash and bacon and creamed spinach (you can choose you accompanying dishes). I can assure you you will not go hungry. We ordered room service the night we first got there and one lunch time, there is an ample menu ranging from Club sandwiches to hamburgers and steaks and there are appetisers and desserts too. Drinks - huge range of cocktails to choose from I recommend the lemon drop martini, where as my husband loved the Mango Joe, there is something there for everyone. They are not stingy on the short measures either and will happily top you up before asked. Pool - I have to say that i have never been to a hotel before where at 9.30 am you still have a pick of prime loungers. There is a pool bar that opens at 10 and beach waiters as well. The water is very warm, just like a bath. Floats are available should you need one. Beach - beautiful, white sands. My husband and I booked a $50 presidential bed for 2 days and this included a beach butler who will bring you flannels, water, drinks and arrange for the delivery of food should you require. If you don't choose this option there are still loungers available with a waiter and watersports. Service - it has to be said people were always prepared to go the extra mile for you and would greet you al around the hotel.. Tips - we did tip at times not because we felt under pressure but because we thought the service was worthy of tips. We did not get treated any different at the bars or at breakfast because we did not tip. We saw plenty who did not leave a tip but they were treated just the same. Entertainment - to be honest we went to bed early and got up early so we did not experience the night time programmes, however every day you get information delivered through your door telling you hour by hour what is on, what shows, what the weather is, what the drink of the day is, what will happen in the event of rain etc. There were shows such as American idol and even films early evening. Overall, i can't recommend this hotel highly enough. I would have no hesitation about recommending it to anyone. Book Secrets , you will not be disappinted.. As the staff say 'it;s a pleasure.'