This is our 4th visit to Secrets Maroma in less than 12 months. Yes we are lucky!! We noticed improvements over our last visit, just small things that make a big difference. Before I wrote this review I read thru some other posters comments and will make notes on these during my review. We are not American.......I have an English accent, my hubby is from Australia....at no time ever have we been treated as second class or received better service if we tipped. Most of the clients at this hotel are from the US, however we have met people from Russia, Italy, Australia and many other parts of the world. OMG what is it with the bumpy road comments......we timed it and you are on it for 60 seconds max. If this type of thing ruins your vacation you might want to consider staying home. Same goes for the front entrance comments.... Not all of the rooms are ocean view and the ones that are will be obstructed by palm trees to some degree. The swim up rooms obviously are on the ground floor where you will encounter more bugs and dense foliage and will not have an ocean view, but hey you have a swim up! Decide which is more important to you. We find the food to our liking at this hotel, I agree the portions are small......we like that, its nice to actually make it to desert, however ask for more and they will bring it for you. The drinks are good and always being refilled around the pool by the very hard working wait staff. Entertainment is always available if you want something to do night and daytime from wine tasting to beach volleyball. The beach is beautiful and the new pads on the beach chairs are a wonderful addition........this is not the most beautiful beach I have ever seen but for Mexico it is one of the best in my opinion. Obviously we like this resort as it was our 4th visit, however two things I will comment on though I do hate being negative......I will agree with comments on the public areas not being cool enough, however management do read these reviews and I'm sure by now this has been addressed. Sometimes by the pool and beach it is too crowded for me, however my hubby likes this. To each their own. If you need quiet there are areas you can get away from it all. Before visiting Maroma we stayed at Zoetry for three nights which was very beautiful but too quiet......its hard to find balance sometimes. To finish off this review I would like to say that this is the best all round all inclusive 5 star we have found for the amount of money paid. But we'll keep looking just incase!