WOW WOW WOW....is all I can say. I am writing this review a bit late, but no news is always good news, and since this trip I have visited Mexico again, and wished I was back at Secrets Maroma. WE spent 10 days here........I will make this a quick review to highlight the points worth highlighting.......Sushi served by the pool as well as a Taco Cart-AWESOME tacos....... THE best animation staff EVER. I mean the best. Volleyball was always a hit and always going every day. The beach was phenomenal, the people we met EVEN better than any trip. Shows were top notch, acts from all over came in, kind of like a Cirque Du Soleil type thing. The food was INCREDIBLE. There was always a buffet at lunch, they had rib steaks and other cuts raw and ready to cook to your liking, salad bar was amazing, arugula, and many other types of salad, sushi all day long, soups, endless mimosas, amazing service. Cannot say enough about the people and the food. Our room was just a basic Ocean View and was awesome, Great shower (all stone), separate bathroom with door (always nice), great bed, mini fridge always was re-stocked with mini coronas, (finally!!). Wireless was available in the room at an extra cost (we both like to keep up with work early morning) house wine was totally decent, we are wine addicts and nice wines at that, this was bearable. French and Italian restaurants were amazing, no reservations required (awesome) there may have been a short wait, but there is a piano bar close by with an awesome bar and great drink list, time just went by.......magician was fantastic!! Wowed me beyond belief. WORKout room one of the best O had seen, I used it every early morning....get there before 7am if you want an elliptical machine. There is a coffee place with paninis and desserts, amazing coffee, so insanely good, quality all the way. I LOVE it here, I will go back, I even won 3 free nights as I entered the "American Idol" singing contest against 9 people and won!! that was fun, do it if you like to sing it's worth the time, you even get to practice!!! One of the best in Maroma, I will return again......definitely. Miss you Secrets see you soon!