So I actually visited this resort for my honeymoon with my wife for 9 days on September 1-10 of 2009. I feel terrible for never having reviewed the resort, but better late than never, right? There are so many reviews on here that are similar in style, that I thought I would write one a little different. I'm going to give you a list of reasons, plain and simply, that you absolutely HAVE to go to Secrets Maroma Beach: 1. Flights are reasonably priced right now - very reasonable, and fairly short - 1 1/2 hours from Texas. 2. Maroma Beach has been rated by the Travel Channel has having one of the top 5 beaches in the world, year after year - the sand is like white powder - never gets hot, it's actually the coral reef that has disintegrated onto the land - this all rings true. You will NEVER forget this beach. 3. It is all-inclusive, so you never have to think about money once you are there (with the exception of well-deserved tips to the waiters/waitresses. They don't expect you to go overboard, and if you really don't want to, you don't have to.) 4. It is very private/romantic - they won several tripadvisor rewards for top romantic resort, best luxury, and others for resorts in the Caribbean. 5. The food is incredible - steak, shrimp, burgers, tacos, nachos, chips/salsa, fish, fries, and anything you can imagine - even calimari. The cart at lunch by the fool is to DIE FOR. They slice it right off the rotisserie into your tacos. 6. There are 8 different restaurants - Japanese (tepanyaki-style - sit down and watch the show), Mexican, American x3 (different kinds), French, Italian, and the World Cafe, all varieties - all restaurants have outside decks with views. 7. The breakfast buffet is the best you will ever have - there is no breakfast food that you can imagine that they don't have. Even fruit crepes with any topping you desire (chocolate, caramel, strawberry) and many, many others...mimosas...I mean come on...its ridiculous...and one of my favorite parts about the resort. 8. There are 9 bars - one is in the pool, and the barstools are underwater - you can order top shelf liquor any time you want for no extra charge....so ASK! Mimosas or baileys in the morning...and thousands upon thousands of martinis and different tropical, girly drinks galore - I'm a 200 pound, pretty buff 6'2 guy, but I felt, and you shouldn't either, NO shame in drinking girly pink and purple and blue drinks here. 9. There is 24-hour room service, with any food from any part of the resort that you want - you can have calimari or a burger at 3am if you want. 10. Whether you hang out at the beach or the pool, you will be served hand and foot - they will bring you drinks/food wherever and whenever you want, even if your beach lounger is 10 feet short of the ocean waves. 11. The sunrises are unbelievably gorgeous...you MUST wake up at least one morning to watch one - we were lucky enough to have lightning light up the sky in the distance on several nights...but never felt a drop of rain or had bad weather. 12. You can also see the sunsets on the other side if you are in the right place, such as at Portofino on the round outside deck - beautiful. 13. There is any kind of activity you choose to join in - tennis, a gym, any other sport you want, they have it. 14. You can take out a hobie cat (mini catamaran sailboat thing) or kayak for free and snorkel or just hang out. 15. The most beautiful thousand shades of turqoise water you have ever seen. 16. There is all kinds of entertainment every night including fire dancing shows, Maroma Idol (you can partipate in a lot of the entertainment if you desire), movies, and other fun acts. 17. There are Mexican fiestas every few nights (maybe once a week actually) if you choose to join and eat. 18. All rooms are amazing, and have a soaking tub on the deck and a 2 person jacuzzi tub inside, King Bed (some have 2 queens if you choose), unless you choose a swim out room, which has a pool right out your deck - main floor. 19. There is a pillow menu - you can choose 4 different pillow types (down, etc.). 20. Rooms are huge, and they have a mini bar stocked with mini-liquors, pop, candy, beer, water, orange juice and whatever else - all free - ask if you want more of something and less of something else. 21. The spa is known as one of the best - 13,000 square foot spa area - phenomenal couples massages. 22. The staff is the best and most curteous and giving that you will ever experience. They will get anything for you that you request, and do it with a "my pleasure" and a smile on their faces - what a fantastic bunch of people. 23. There are day beds on the grounds where you can relax and hang out - they'll serve you food and drinks there too. 24. There are 2 huge pools - one is an infiniti pool which is right before the beach - it looks like it flows right into the ocean at eye level when you are in the pool. The other is the main pool where most people hang out, and where the pool bar lives. Other pools on the grounds have chairs and loungers that sit in the shallow water. 25. There are hammocks where you can relax and enjoy the experience and the grounds. 26. Compared to many resorts, this is fairly inexpensive. Round trip flights for two, and a room in one of their best room categories "Preferred Club Ocean View" for 7 nights right now is going for $3650 total, all taxes and fees, and transportation to/from airport are included - depending on the travel agency you choose. 27. In the preferred club lounge area, there is an additional bar, free wifi access and computers, a lounge, and hot and cold appetizers available all day. It is right below your preferred club room. 28. The beds are amazingly comfortable, even for me, who likes hard beds - I sleep on memory foam for the comfort of my wife even though I hate it...but these beds...oh my gosh, they are a different kind of memory foam I guess, because they are coma-inducing. 29. Playa Del Carmen and places like Coco Bongo and Senor Frogs are only 15-20 minutes away by taxi - $50 round trip. We're not into that crowd/experience...but if you want it, it's there. 30. The weather is perfect - 85 - 95 degrees depending on when you go. 31. There is nothing left to be desired. 32. http://www.tripadvisor.com/LocationPhotos-g150812-d1007582-Secrets_Maroma_Beach_Riviera_Cancun-Playa_del_Carmen_Yucatan_Peninsula.html Enough said there. 33. There's a coffee shop where you can get your caffeine fix - they didn't have this (that I know of) when I was there, so I'm very excited about the next time. 34. The grounds are absolutely lush and beautiful - ignore people who say they aren't - they are liars. 35. No wristbands. 36. I have read every negative review that this resort has accumulated on Tripadvisor, and I can honestly say that I have not read a single one that seemed to be legitimate and from a couple who wasn't just either incredibly hard to please, or an obscene word that tripadvisor probably won't let me post. Seriously - cement jungle? Mosquitos? Too hot in the rooms? Your mini bar wasn't restocked? Come on people...what's wrong with you. You must seriously hate your life...cause if you complain about that kind of stuff, you must just be miserable. The mosquitos aren't many, and bug spray fixes this. Try bringing some. The resort is lush, and has just the right amount of pathways. The minibar will get restocked, and I never had to ask. The A/C was great as well. No matter what your issue is, the staff is courteous and helpful, and they will do their absolute best to solve your problem, so please don't be grumpy and difficult. Enjoy life, and enjoy one of the most beautiful and amazing resorts that you will ever....EVER experience. You are lucky to get to visit this place - most people in this world will only dream of going here. Thankfully, we will get to visit again in early September of this year!! Can't wait to see the whole staff and resort again!!