My boyfriend and I went to Secrets Maroma Beach for a 7 day vacation. We chose our hotel based upon pics and reviews. Out of all the resorts that we looked at in the area, Secrets was one of the priciest. However it was worth the money. Upon our arrival, we were lucky enough to get our room right away. They did try to sell their time share to us. Once we said no, they did not bother us again. We noticed that there were two main groups of couples at this resort. They were either newlyweds or couples celebrating an anniversary. I can't emphasize how amazing the resort was. We had an ocean view room closer to the main building/lobby area. The room was spacious. There was a balcony where we had breakfast every morning, a sitting area, and a Jacuzzi. The cleaning staff came in every morning and evening to turn down the beds. The towels and mini bar were replenished every day. Our room was a short distance from the pool and beach. The beach was clean and the staff was very attentive. We always found a spot no matter what the time. We didn't go in the ocean much because some of the other visitors got a rash from the seaweed. The pool got crowded toward the afternoon. If we couldn't find a spot, the staff would find one for us. The staff were quick with refilling our drinks. The drinks were not weak at all. The swim up bar was awesome. They also served us food there. There are large iguanas that roam near the pool. Paulino, one of the staff members was great. No matter what we needed, drinks, towels, an umbrella he helped us out every day. Although tipping is not required, we tipped the staff every time we were served. We had no complaints about the food. The resort offered 24 hour room service which we took advantage of every day. Be aware that after 6 pm, the restaurants require that men have long pants, collared shirts and closed toe shoes at night. If you are not dressed appropriately, we saw that the couples were either placed outside or in a separate part of the restaurant. We got a couples massage at the spa. Best massage I ever got. Try to get there an hour early to take advantage of the hydrotherapy and sauna. When it did rain, the resort had activities planned. We ended up playing ping pong, darts and pool. They also have scheduled activities every day. We played bingo and black jack in the pool. My bf played beach volleyball and football. Overall, we loved this resort. We spoke with other couples that shared the same sentiment. When we went on excursions, couples staying at other resorts complained about the food and how far everything was within the resort. We will definitely come back to this resort. We also want to try other Secrets resorts.