We had the glorious opportunity to stay at Secrets Maroma Beach for our honeymoon. It was a fantastic, wonderful, beautiful place! We loved it!!! We had booked the honeymoon package, which required us to show proof of marriage. On the plane we realized that the pastor never gave us a marriage certificate, so we were worried that we would not get the package. But at check in, the lady was nice and helped us out--between showing her pictures of us on our camera as well as our wedding website and bridal registries, she allowed that as proof we were indeed on our honeymoon! The package included breakfast in bed, dinner on the beach, and a spa package for two. We had also upgraded to the Preferred Club, just because it was our honeymoon and we might never have the chance to go back. It was not necessary, but it was really nice to be in the Preferred Club. They had a special lounge just for PC, with a bar and different appetizers and snacks all day. They had limited, but different, things for breakfast than the buffet (for instance, they had a wide variety of different berries, which the buffet did not have.) They had board games and computers with internet (internet is included for PC, also Wi-Fi in room was included). The PC also came with our own concierge. Yessica was assigned to our hallway, she was there to provide anything we needed and she also scheduled our dinner on the beach for us and made reservations for dinner one night for us at the seafood restaurant (which we could have done ourselves, but maybe she was able to get the time we wanted better than we could have on our own). Our door was decorated with a "Newlyweds" banner, and we had fresh flowers in the room. The bathroom was big, with separate rooms for the toilet and the shower. The shampoo, lotion, sunscreen, and soap were Ghilcrist and Soames. Very nice, we really liked them! They were supposed to be an "upgrade" for PC guests, but from the looks of the cleaning carts it seems like all the rooms in all the buildings received the same kind as we did (not that it matters, but it was part of the selling point of why to upgrade to PC). Later in the week Yessica found out it was also my birthday, which was not noted on our reservations (just our honeymoon was), so she told me she was going to do something special for me--which she did! She attached balloons, streamers, and a Happy Birthday banner all over the bedframe, and she had a special birthday dessert delivered to me. Very sweet and attentive!!! We had a pool outside of our patio, which was AWESOME! We didn't realize how awesome it was until our second day at the main pool. There was a group of very loud, obnoxious guests who were making the most of their last day of free alcohol. (We thought that in a place like this, we would be exempt from people who acted liked they were at a frat party, but no such luck that day...) We took some food from the outside restaurant back to our room and ordered drinks from room service. We did this several days which was very relaxing and peaceful. There are two large pools and another tanning pool, so the space was plentiful, and the beach was huge and calm. There was unfortunately a lot of "chair saving" each morning, which was also disappointing. The hotel booklet and signs stated that items on unoccupied chairs would moved after a certain time period but that was not the case. A few times it was difficult to find chairs, yet there were tons that nobody had been to for a long time or at all. The food at each restaurant was good, although my husband was not as impressed as I was. I thought everything was excellent! He enjoyed the buffet at breakfast and lunch, and preferred the Mexican restaurant to the others. If you like hot sauce/salsa, there is some orange-red stuff at the poolside restaurant that is HOT. He loved it. We both liked the poolside restaurant as they grilled lots of different things, and each day a taco cart would come around with grilled meat and shrimp. The outdoor seafood restaurant is open for lunch, and they also have scooped ice cream--including coconut. We did not know this till later in our trip, and we saw someone order a to-go cup from the hostess. When we asked for this the next day, the guy did not seem pleased to get it but he did. The room had a fully stocked fridge with Corona, Coke, Coke Light, Sprite, juice, M&Ms, as well as small bottles of vodka, etc. and Pringles. They restocked it daily. We asked for some extra Coronas and Cokes, and they happily obliged. (Same with M&Ms!) There was a doorbell at our door--we could turn it off if we did not want to be disturbed, and there would be a light outside by the button to let them know. There was also a little passage cupboard thing...If we ordered room service and did not want to be disturbed or answer the door, they would put it in the "pass-through" which was locked on our side. We just had to unlatch the lock and pull out our items, or put them back in. Very cool feature! Speaking of room service, it was tremendous! Whenever we called, they normally told us 20-30 minutes, and to the dot, that is when it arrived. Piping hot, too! Very good food from room service. We ordered that for our first meal because we were not settled into our room and hadn't gotten our bearings to really know where everything was or how the restaurants worked (timing, reservations, dress code, etc....) The only complaint we had was that the waitresses around the pool were not very attentive or friendly. They and the servers at the restaurants seemed accustomed to getting extra tips, like it was expected. The other time we stayed in Cancun the servers were genuinely thrilled and grateful to get a few extra dollars for tips. Again, it's not a big deal, but the servers and staff at the hotel in the Hotel Zone were friendlier and more genuine. I guess in a higher-end place like Secrets, the average clientele probably has more money than those staying in the Hotel Zone--and the workers there probably know this. But for us, it was a once in a lifetime splurge, so we don't have extra money to throw around. But, we do appreciate hard work and friendliness and are willing to show this appreciation with an extra tip. This aspect was just a little different than we expected. It was also Thanksgiving when we were there, and the resort put on a Thanksgiving feast with turkey and lots of food. It was really nice and the food was good. However, there were not all of the traditional Thanksgiving items, so I heard some people complaining about their Thanksgiving meals. Really? You are in another country that does not celebrate Thanksgiving, yet they are going out of their way to accommodate an American celebration (when probably only 60-70% of the guests were, in fact, American) with a huge feast with turkey and outdoor screens and inside areas with NFL games...and you are complaining??? I don't get it. The resort was beautiful and immaculate. Each day there were gardeners using machetes to edge the sidewalks or trim leaves from palm trees. Each morning there were staff who raked up the seaweed off the beach to make it pristine. There were a couple hotels next to Secrets, but the beach was spread out and it was not crowded or touristy. We only saw one guy trying to sell sunglasses and bracelets on the beach. The resort had a couple nights where they brought in vendors to sell local items (carved chess sets, clothes, ceramics, amate painting, etc.) which was OK. We did buy a bowl and amate painting, and the prices were not bad. We did take a taxi to Playa del Carmen one day, and were able to compare prices. The chess sets in town were less expensive than at the resort. Also if you walk past the vendors a couple times, they lower their price "just for you" each time you pass. When going to Playa del Carmen, the hotel did a nice job of making sure to record our whereabouts. At the gate the recorded our name and room, as well as the taxi information and time. It was $20 to Playa del Carmen, and our driver offered to pick us up if we called him, or he told us where to catch a taxi at the taxi stand. We went in the day time because we were told there was nice shopping and restaurants. Really, it was very touristy and we were asked at every block if we wanted cigars, silver, tatooes, or cocaine! Every couple of blocks there were the same shops. We didn't need to eat anything since we had just eaten at Secrets, so there was no need to eat anywhere. Many places looked like large bars/clubs (like Coco Bongo). If that is what you are interested in, probably going at night would be more exciting. If you want to see cute Mexican wares and quaint shops, don't go at all. Very commercial/touristy. If you need souvenirs, the prices are not bad, but at $40 round trip for a taxi, it would be cheaper to buy things from the hotel shops or the vendors. Overall, Secrets Maroma Beach totally blew us away and completely surpassed our expectations! We met some people who have repeatedly stayed here, and if we had the chance to return we would do so in a heartbeat!