We went from July 16th - July 30th. When we first arrived they did try to push the timeshare pitch on us more than once. After reading on here I knew what was going on & told them we were too tired & they left us to it. We thought we had got away with it. Next morning they rang us first thing bout 9am I think maybe a little earlier to remind us to go & get our free spa vouchers (which was the incentive for the pitch). My boyfriend still didn't believe me it was the timeshare pitch after speaking to a couple the previous night who managed to get the vouchers without the pitch. After our welcome meeting with the rep, he then told us it was the timeshare pitch & when we came out of the meeting the timeshare woman was waiting for us, asking if we had got the vouchers, we said no that we weren't interested in the spa, she offered us a car???? & then when we said no, she said to come to her presentation anyway!! BOBS YOUR UNCLE IT WAS THE TIMESHARE PITCH!!! She caught us just before we went home on our second week when the weather was cloudy, she asked what we were doing and when we said hitting the beach she said why it's cloudy come my presentation instead. This is the only thing that left a sour taste in my mouth. It's not what you expect of such a high end hotel.I gather this is the case though in Mexico as we was warned by our rep on the coach. My first impression of the hotel was that it was too fancy for us (never been to such a posh hotel) but that feeling soon vanished when we decided to have a walk round and were sitting at the pool bar. It was about 6pm and the pool was so rowdy & loud. There was a group of americans getting drunk & been loud. I felt uncomfortable and got the impression it was a party hotel (not what we were after). We soon discovered that the pool area is like this most days & depends on what groups of people you have there. We are beach people anyway so spent our days there where it was quiet and relaxing. Night times aren't like the days everyone seems to vanish & it's very quiet. We went the night club several times and you'd get a decent crowd in there but everyone started to fizzle out. Don't miss the fireshow or the urban style show. They had the 1st and 2nd champions at beatboxing & boy were they good. They were our favourites without a doubt. Food is outstanding and we didn't have 1 meal we wouldn't of happily paid for in a restaurant. My boyfriend is a fussy eater and he always found something. We were spoilt for choice. Weather - was fantastic. Much better than I had expected. Only had 2 iffy days of our 2 weeks. 1 day was thick heavy cloud with spits & spots of rain & the other was overcast but you could feel the sun under the clouds & still see it. Apart from that we had wall to wall sunshine and didn't experience any heavy rain nor of a night time either. Mosquitoes were everywhere I guess because of the jungle surrounding the hotel but we didn't have a problem but we don't get bitten much by them anyway plus we didn't have any rain so I guess they weren't as bad. As for the air conditioning I had read it wasn't cold enough. How cold do you people want it. Our room was very cool. Some evenings I was too cold. The indoor restaurants were also very cold. Beach - Yeah beach was nice. Wouldn't say it's the best or 1 of the best in the world. We've seen better. Also there was so much sea weed and sea grass when we went and the sea was rough so I guess that would be why it didn't rate that highly with me. The beach cleaners came along every morning though and would clean up what they could though infront of the hotel. The hotel was full of americans but I guess that's because it's like our spain here in the UK and although it wasn't a problem (we made friends with some americans) I got the impression they were quite clicky. We're very friendly and would say hello & speak to everyone. Our first week we only found 1 other british couple and when they left we thought we were the only 1's left. Second week there seemed to be more. My boyfriend didn't miss the Brits, I on the other hand have to say I did lol. Had a fab holiday & sad to be home. Would I return??? Not sure as there are a lot of nice hotels in Mexico to try. But go & i'm sure you will enjoy. The service, food, drinks are all top notch!!! p.s - Mango Tango cocktails and Miami Vice Cocktails are lush mmmmmm!!!