We stayed at Secrets Maroma from July 13 to July 19. Once we arrived after a 40 minute drive (which included a short bumpy ride-the rest is paved with bricks) we were taken to the Preferred Club lounge and greeted with a cool-scented towel and glass of champagne. The check in process went smoothly. Our room was located on the 3rd floor in building 26 which offered a beautiful view of the pool area and sea. The room was very clean and well appointed. The mini-bar has mini Corona, sodas, water, and candy. The bathroom area is separated by a sheer curtain from the bedroom. The bed is very comfy. The jacuzzi tub is a plus-very relaxing after a long day at the beach! One day our maid left a bottle of champagne with two glasses and we weren't even celebrating anything. The beach is awesome! Powdery white sand and clear blue water with fish that swim right up to you. The waves are very gentle so it is easy to stay in the water for a long time. It is highly recommended to rent a beach bed (near the swing bar) for $40 a day. We did it for 4 days in a row because we loved it so much the first time. The waiter Moises is super cool. If you don't know what you want to drink, he'll bring you a variety of beverages without you even asking. There is a waitress who will come by to take your food order or you can walk over to the middle of the beach walkway and they are always cooking something-paella, tacos, burgers etc. From the beach bed, you can watch all of the water activities. The food at the resort was very good. We ate at Portofino's and enjoyed the risotto and shrimp. Himitsu was our favorite. We ordered all of the sushi at the bottom of the sushi menu and enjoyed all of it. The fried ice cream for dessert caused us to eat at this restaurant twice. Oceana offers a romantic setting with a beautiful breeze. The shrimp is delicious! They're not really shrimps at all-almost the size of a lobster tail. The steakhouse next door is really good too. The Kobe beef was very delicate and tasty. We ordered room service most mornings since the buffet was hot and humid. The buffet does have good food for breakfast, like the banana and Nutella crepe. It was just too warm for us. We didn't eat there for lunch. The Preferred Club lounge is awesome! Grey Goose martinis anyone??? The snacks are changed throughout the day and every day they offer something different. There is a nice selection of tequilas to choose from. Try the pomegranate and the creme. But be careful- one night of tequila tastings can lead to a lazy day on the beach bed:) One thing I think needs to be said about this resort is the service is exceptional. You feel very welcome from their hospitality and professionalism. We only encountered one employee that seemed a little bothered. Other than that, everyone was very nice. Especially Felipe in the Preferred Club lounge. He is sooooo cool. We enjoyed visiting him each day. We were bummed when he had a day off. We will go back soon. We will never go to another resort in the Riviera Maya.