My husband and I were at Secrets Maroma Beach July 14-18, 2011. It was a fabulous trip, and was all that I had read about and more! I do not need to go into how wonderful and beautiful this place is- you can simply look at the pictures and see that for yourself. I will address a few minor issues and tips I learned. Check in was quick, but not pleasant. By her demeanor, the female staff assisting us was put out by having to work with us, and so soft spoken with no eye contact that it was very difficult to communicate. I had booked a partial ocean view, and inquired about paying for an upgrade to ocean view. We were told that indeed they could- for $200 per night! That is a big fat no. We were shocked and just agreed to keep our room. We were given a pager and told we could go have lunch since our room was not ready. No tour of the property or anything. After we walked halfway across the property (in our jeans and carry on luggage) in search of the World Caf which is the inside restaurant, we realized that our swimsuits and sunscreen were in our luggage in storage. We hiked back, were given access to our luggage and then looked at the map to realize World Caf was in the same main building as the lobby. That would have been nice to be told. Also, I was pretty disappointed with not having an ocean view, so my husband insisted we go back to the check in desk, and speak with someone else. And what do you know, another room with better views had opened up in the 30 minutes we had been trekking around. So- my TAKE AWAY LESSON IS THIS- pack beach clothes in the carry on bag you are keeping with you if you arrive early. Also, ASK SOMEONE ELSE if you are unhappy with your room assignment. The weather was great, but as expected, the sun is just brutally hot during the day. The evening temperatures were wonderful and sitting on the beach after dinner was so pleasant and relaxing. I simply could not believe the number of badly sunburned people I saw! I am a fair skinned redhead and had enough sense to wear sunscreen and not sit in the sun for 8 hours a day. No problems with sunburn at all. I can only guess all those other folks were not wearing sunscreen? I didnt want to ruin my trip with painful sunburn. And the lobster look isnt very attractive. Some random things: there were weddings each day, which was pretty neat to see. Also, I was worried when reading reviews here that the room would be hot. It wasnt hot to me at all. In fact, the temperature was perfect. The other thing everyone remarks on are the mosquitoes. Now I am one of those lucky people who do not get bit. But sitting outdoors at the Italian restaurant, everyone was eaten up. It was pretty comical actually to hear the slapping and spraying of bug spray all through dinner. The staff did bring mosquito repellant packets to the table and they helped. Other than a few random bites while walking to our room, this wasnt an issue anywhere else. Finally, my favorite thing about Secrets Maroma was renting the beach palapa. For $40 a day, you were assigned a beach bed which came with an assigned beach concierge. We rented for 2 days. What luxury. And since there were only about 10 beds, the staff really kept an eye on you and ensured you were happy. It was so nice to not do the rush out to reserve a chair routine, and to be able to go up to the pool and not worry that someone will steal your chairs. I was not expecting the beach to be so full each day, but it absolutely was. It got pretty crowded in the regular beach chair area, so again, the rented palapa was so nice and spacious. I highly recommend it. Be aware they stay pretty full, so get your reservation in as soon as you arrive.