This is our third all-inclusive in Mexico. The first, Adventura Palace (nice) and the second, Excellence Playa Mujeres (amazing!) We traveled all three with other couples--This being our largest with four couples. We were all very torn between returning to EPM or trying our SMB because of our near perfect experience with the Excellence but ultimately, we all decided to try something new! We are glad we did! For those of you trying to decide between the two, I'll highlight our joint conclusion between the two at the end. SMB worked with our group to ensure all four couples had adjoining swim up suites. The swim up suites are perfect. Absolutely perfect. Beautiful, functional and convenient. We used them every day and night. The rooms are beautiful, nicely decorated and clean. Beds were very comfortable. I was annoyed about the WIFI charge. In my opinion, it should have been included. Oh, and it rarely worked. It was very spotty and frustrating. The beach is truly amazing and the sand rivals the Pensacola sand we have been spoiled by. Because we had swim up suites, we didn't hang out by the pool but we did eat everything!! The restaurants are great-decent service and good presentation. We were a tad annoyed by the push for the expensive wine--which in fact were often wines we recognized that were not expensive and can be found at your local HEB. :) Our overall consensus between SMB and EPM: 1. The service was better and more personal at EPM. SMB was good, EPM was awesome. 2. The beach hands down better at SMB 3. The swim-up suites at SMB couldn't not have been more perfect. Loved EPMs but they didn't have steps down and platforms to lounge in the water and you also had to cross a grassy area to get to it. SMB wins this one for sure. 4. . Food was about equal- Although I'll give the breakfast to EPM simply due to the most amazing french toast ever made. The desserts at SMB were much better than EPM!! 5. EPM wins for the better rooms but, really, SMBs rooms were great. I just wish they had more comfortable seating in the "living area" and they really need to put a dining area on the patio like EPM. I'd go back to either in a heartbeat. The deciding factor would be which one is on sale at the time!