My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from July 17-22. We booked a Junior Swim out suite with the Preferred package. As soon as our shuttle arrived from the airport the bellman greeted us with a fantastic, welcome home. Then a golf cart pulled up to escort us to the Preferred check-in. I was very excited at this point. We entered the Preferred Lounge to see a variety of hors doeuvres, beautiful bar, computers, and three tables to the right where we check in. This place was so beautiful and immaculate. We were greeted again with a Welcome Home and processed through the check-in process. We were upgraded to the Master Suite with a private pool. We did have to wait about an hour for our room to be ready, but we arrived so much earlier than the check-in time so we didnt mind. We also had the lounge bar at our disposal so we were happy. Here is where we met Andres. He is the BEST bartender at Secrets. He made every single visit to the Preferred Lounge great because of how friendly and funny he is. When we were taken to our room it was amazing. It had so much space. I felt like I was a celebrity. The view from our balcony was also breathtaking. All the restaurants were great. My favorite is Portifino, the Italian restaurant. They have a choice of Japanese, French, Mexican, Seafood, and the World Caf which was more buffet-style. Every restaurant was open every night. The service was AMAZING. Everyone had a smile on their faces, people were polite, helpful, and made us feel fantastic. And then there is the beach. It is the most beautiful beach I have been to in the Cancun / Riviera Maya area. Please look at my photos. The sand is white and soft, and the water is beautiful blue. There was a little bit of a seaweed problem in certain areas of the beach, but it is a beach so seaweed is expected. Also, watch out for the fish that swim right up to you. It startled me at first, but they are friendly. The spa was also wonderful. My husband and I both got treatments and before you go in for your scheduled massage they allow you to go into their sauna and pool area. They recommend you arrive about an hour before your appointment time to use the pool facilities. DO IT, its well worth the extra hour. Dont get a pedicure there though, they are extremely expensive and dont last. My polish was peeling off in sheets after two days. FAVORITES: food, drinks, cleanliness, beach, staff, attention to detail, spa. CONS: The bed was hard and not comfortable. BEWARE OF THE TIMESHARE!!! Yes, I said timeshare. The people that work the VIP desk at the Preferred Lounge will convince you to attend a timeshare presentation. We did it to get the free give-a-ways associated with attending. I was prepared for the timeshare presentation and expected your standard tour and then request for money. The part that threw me off was when we said no, they didnt hear us. They put us through 4 different people before they gave us our voucher for the spa and resort credit. One of the reps, Lily, was especially condescending and rude. She acted as if we were stupid for not wanting to give her $36,000 of our hard earned money. I mean really? All in all a fantastic vacation. Thank you Secrets staff for making it a memorable trip. Special thanks to Andres and his special coffee every morning.