Secrets Maroma Beach, Riviera Maya, Mexico 12-17 July 2011 We did a Destination, Beach Wedding with about 25 attendees at Secrets Maroma Beach. The all inclusive resort was EXCEPTIONAL and we would recommend to all for Honeymoon, Anniversary or Wedding couples. The wedding coordination and arrangements were EXCEPTIONAL. The Resort is about 20 minutes South of CUN airport (we used USA Transfers which takes ONLY your party, DIRECT to your hotel for about $80 per Van round-trip  highly recommended. Their web site also has some very useful info for navigating CUN airport to the USA Transfer pick-up.). Check-in is quick and painless in the Lobby, accompanied by a cold towel and champagne and Welcome Home. Check-in is at 3:00PM: we arrived at noontime and half our party got their rooms at 1:00PM and the rest at 3:00PM. Most of us were upgraded at no charge from the Partial Ocean View rooms we originally booked. Early arrivals can check their luggage with the Doorman and use all the facilities until room is available. There are no wristbands or Resort ID required; the hostess at the restaurants asks for your room number. Water for the drinking water and ice cubes served in restaurants and bars is filtered on site; we brushed our teeth with bottled water in the rooms. ALL rooms look to be furnished in the same Mediterranean-like dcor with elegant tiling on floor and throughout the bathroom. There is an entry hall with a room service pass thru, a hall table, a tiled Bathroom with twin sinks (and lots of complimentary toiletries and such), a large tiled shower for two with seat and glass door, a tiled commode with telephone and a glass door. A double Jacuzzi tub separates the bathroom and bedroom area, a bedroom area with a King 4-poster bed (or two Queen? 4-Poster beds) and nightstands and a TV/drawers cabinet (with laptop sized safe) with two adjoining wardrobe cabinets to hang/store clothes, and a defined seating area with desk on one side and curved couch on the other side. Sliding glass doors lead to the ocean-facing balcony. The nicer Balconies have two chairs and a table AND 2 day-mattresses next to a (not Jacuzzi) tub; other balconies have less depth and just the two chairs and table. There is a small refrigerator stocked daily with Coronas, bottled waters and sodas. The rooms are VERY NICELY appointed. We had zero problems with roaches, mosquitos, bugs or inadequate A/C. The grounds/landscaping were lush, colorful and very well kept up. Wed recommend the so-called Pent House rooms atop the Main Building, which look to be slightly larger, have the larger Balcony with mattresses and tub, and are convenient to the Restaurants and Disco and Spa. The large, high ceiling main building contains the check-in lobby, a lobby bar with patio, the 4 elegant theme restaurants, the Coco Caf (coffee/pastry), shops, Disco, fitness center, excursions desk, and computer center. On the ground level the World Caf Buffet Restaurant and the SPA. From the rear of the Main Building there is a winding walkway to the pools, passing the Oceana poolside restaurant (and casual caf) and the Beach. The Secrets website shows the Resort sitting alone in lush jungle  the Resort is actually adjacent to other Hotels (some abandoned, some under construction) in each direction. In areas near the pools theres a fair number of 4-poster Day beds and there are two secluded Whirlpools. Near the Beach, theres a winding pool leading to a swim-up bar and theres an Infinity pool looking over the Beach. Although there are a LOT of Pool Loungers and Umbrellas, it was still difficult to get a Lounger mid-day. Theres constant Pool-side Bar and Food service. There are two entrances to the Beach (North and South), thru a Shower area (with Beach Towels). The Beachfront is about 1000 feet of wide sand (no rocks in the water) with loungers and thatched umbrellas. There were usually loungers available at the South end. Theres constant Bar and Food service. On the North end of the beach, theres a beach bar with swing seats and the Water Sports Center (a concession not operated by Secrets) for checking out the included non-motorized toys, including Kayaks and Sailboats and Windsurfing. On the South end of the beach theres the Barracuda Bar and the Barefoot Grill where Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Grilled Fish and Ribs, Sushi, Chips and Queso are offered. Theres usually a stand set-up on the beach walkway offering something different each day. All major brands of beer and liquor look to be offered and there was NO problem requesting the Premium brands. Expensive fine champagnes and cognacs and such are offered for a charge. Theres a cigar shop in the Lobby. The Portofino, the Bordeaux, the El and the Himitsu Theme Restaurants are located alongside each other on the main floor of the main building, and apparently share the same kitchen and bar service. All are very elegant (casual elegant dress REQUIRED) and intimate and served very delicious and well-presented meals (appetizer, soup, entre and dessert). The tables are nicely spaced for privacy. There is an upcharge if you order a bottle of wine other than the house brand and there is an upcharge for Lobster. The World Caf, indoor-outdoor buffet (casual but NO Tank tops), is on the lower floor of the main building and serves Breakfast (including 2 omelet stations, a crepe station and do-it-yourself Bloody Marys), Lunch and Dinner with good variety and good quality. Thursday night the buffet line moves outside and there is fire roasted fish and meat. 24/7 Room Service is available (theres an extensive Room Service menu in the room), altho a number of our party noted that it was extremely slow. Theres a buzzer on the door and a room service pass-thru in the hallway wall. Behind the Main Building theres a decent sized Theatre (with a Pool Table in the rear!) with a decent show each night and theres a Disco in the Main Building open to 1:00AM. Things pretty much shutdown (except for room service) after 1:00AM. While Tipping is stated as included (and tipping is a personal choice), the hardworking, always cheerful staff visibly appreciate and deserve tips. Most in our party tipped $5-$10 per day per room to the room steward, $5-$10 per couple in the elegant restaurants, and generally $1 for bar/food service at the Pool/Beach. We tipped the USA Transfers Driver $5 per person each way. Photos at http://www.flickr.com/photos/kenzphotos/sets/72157627160450069/ . Be Aware:  Bed configuration (One King or two Queens) is NOT guaranteed. Its conceivable that on check-in you MIGHT have to pay to upgrade to get a room with your required bed configuration.  Some reviewers have reported some minor pressure at check-in to (pay) to upgrade to a better room  we didnt experience this.  At check-in there IS an offer of a one hour tour to sell TimeShare or Vacation Club Plans in exchange for future free nights and/or free beach dinner, but we didnt experience this and wouldnt have interrupted our vacation to do so.  Booking Partial Ocean View Rooms can be chancy, as theres apparently no guarantee of any kind of ocean view (the Balconies DO face the ocean).  If you order a bottle of wine other than the house wine, theres an upcharge depending on the wine choice. Lobster is an upcharge.  The clientele is mainly HoneyMooners, Anniversaries and Wedding Part. This isnt a singles Resort or a family resort. Again, the all inclusive resort was EXCEPTIONAL and we would recommend to all for Honeymoon, Anniversary or Wedding couples.