The service was outstanding! Everyone worked so hard. It was so clean. If something was on the ground it didn't matter what type of work the worker did they picked it up. The servers were nice whether you tipped them or not. The gourmet restaurants were very good. I loved that we were waited on with appetizers and food and drinks at the beach and by the pool. Everyone always made sure we were happy. If we needed something in the room we got quick service. When you walk by a worker they always say hi and usually smile. I couldn't believe that the men even picked seaweed off of the beach. I loved that they cleaned our room twice a day and all the details you guys think of like the seashell imprints on top of the trashcan, and the water bottles next to our bed at night and the material around the bed you rearrange whether it's day or night and the chocolate on the bed. Our favorite things were frozen drinks all the time, being waited on with free friendly service, swimming in the pool in the evening and gourmet restaurants with virtually no waiting. I like that there was a worker in the workout room handing us towels and cold water and that they kept it clean. I like that there were scales to weigh ourselves on in the room. I like the outdoor beds, there should be more of those on the beach for everyone. I also loved that you had a professional photographer. Marie did a great job and the price is reasonable. A couple of things... there were a lot of bugs in the room, on the last day we called for room service b/c we had to go to the airport and they were really late so we never got breakfast, it would be a good idea to have a snack bar with things like popcorn, and peanuts all the time. We wanted to watch a DvD one night but the front desk never connected us to who we could talk to about borrowing one, the shows could be better, but the fire one was my favorite. I think the pool should be open all night. I like the yoga class but was looking forward to harder workouts like I thought there would be an aerobic class. I took the water aerobic class but it was fun but not a workout. We only got a schedule on our bed two nights. We never knew if a lounge chair was taken or not because towels were left out so maybe leave a sign about putting your towels away if you are done with that chair, I think people didn't put them away b/c there weren't any bins to put them in except for at the showers. It would be cool to have a class to run with on the jogging trail, I would have like to run but didn't feel comfortable going by myself. We also did not see the ocean at all even thought it was called partial ocean view. Also Sandals provided snorkeling trips but you all did not for free.