Just returned from a two weeks stay at this hotel. We were very lucky with the weather considering it is the rainy season, the first day it rained for a while in the afternoon and the second day it rained for about 20 mins and that was it! I will never ever look at the long range forecasts again...they are rubbish, according to them we were in for rain for the whole two weeks. The hotel is located down a road that is a bit pot holey to say the least but it was worse for us as it was raining the day we arrived, the driver was an expert at dodging the holes though and it is not for long until you come to the road that leads to the Maroma. The view from reception is quite stunning, very green and lush and beautiful water features. The check in was painless and we were given cold towels and glasses of champagne whilst we were checked in. We told the voucher people that we was not interested in going on their tour in any way, shape or form...she got the message and apart from one call to the room we were left alone. The room is lovely, we just had the basic room but I think all the rooms are appointed the same, it is just the view that is different. The rooms are very spacious, gorgeous comfortable four poster bed, jacuzzi bath, flat screen tv and mini bar. I didnt have a single drink out of the mini bar apart from water, we don't spend much time in the room and the cocktail outside were much better. I loved the shower, a really nice size. There was a hairdryer that did tend to keep cutting out, I just left it for 2 or 3 mins and it worked again. The room service list is very good and the secrets box is a good idea, we never ever have room service so I cant comment on it but other people said it was very good. The pools are lovely although we only sat around the pool once, we are more beach people and I did feel that the sunbeds around the pool were too close together and it felt a bit claustrophobic to me plus it was sooooo hot, the beach had a beautiful breeze. I did wish the infinity pool was further away from the swim up pool. I also felt that there was quite of lot of wasted space with hammocks around a water feature that is about a foot deep, these hammocks are on concrete, wouldn't want to fall out of one of them after a few cocktails...don't think I ever saw anyone in them. The table in the water in this shallow water feature was a waste as well, far too hot to sit there as there was no umbrella..again, didn't see anyone sit here. If you sat here at night, you would be bitten to bits. The mozzies were quite bad so take lots of repellant. The beach is fantastic, soft white sand that doesn't ever get hot! sunbeds with thick pads on and you can have as many towels as you want and change them whenever you want. The beach butlers are fab and constantly asking you if you want drink. The sea is turquoise blue and very clear, my husband used to stand and feed the angel fish every day...I think he misses that now we are home, will buy him some goldfish! You have to be down the beach by about 10 to get a palapa. Our fave place was the swing bar on the beach, beautiful breeze, good music, wonderful drinks and swings to sit on...and what a view....ahhh heaven We went to all the restaurants except the Mexican as we are quite plain eaters. The only one we wasn't keen on was the steak house, we went twice and wasn''t impressed either times. I had steak the first time and it was tough and fatty and lamb the second time that looked like a discarded flip flop...yuk!! Our favourite was the Italian although they are all very nice and will do whatever you ask. The staff are amazing and so happy and smiley, didn't come across any miserable ones at all. Lunch time was nice at Bayside and you could also go to the world cafe for the buffet...massive choice. Or, if you don't want to move off the beach you can order from the beach butler and it is delivered straight to your sunbed. They also cook burgers/risotto on the beach and have a taco cart going around the pool plus the barefoot grill that served a variety of things that you help yourself too and if that is not enough, they also walk around the pool/beach with pizza, sushi, fruit kebabs etc etc...you will not go hungry at this resort! Entertainment was very good but after that had finished most people went off to bed so the lobby bar was very quiet which is a shame really, the nightlife is pretty quiet but to be honest after all the sun, food and drink, bed calls for me around midnight anyway these days. The disco was fun but again, only seemed to be busy when there was big groups there. My only gripe with this hotel is the air con, the rooms are fine and lovely and cold but the restaurants and lobby bar and disco are far too hot!! uncomfortably hot sometimes. Our first time in the italian it was very cold so that proves that they can turn it down if they want too. It is very annoying if you have spent a lot of time getting ready and go to the restaurant to get all hot and bothered and hair then turns to fizz. Apart from that, I recommend this hotel, we have been to a couple of Sandals hotels and this in some ways is better!