I've always had doubts about all inclusives but thought we'd try it on our short vacation. We stayed for four days and just wanted to relax instead of exploring. We took part in no tours or excursions but had a great time. We just chilled, ate, drank and took in some of the entertainment. Everything was very high end and service is some of the best I've ever seen. The no tipping thing is priceless. Every staff member we encountered was extremely friendly and helpful if we needed any help. The crowd is mostly couples but we loved the fact that it was adults only. It wasn't a very rowdy place either. No college kids running around from what we could tell. Ages were fairly diverse even though the place was 99 percent Americans, which is common in Cancun so don't expect diversity. Lots of honeymooners and we could tell why. It is s a very romantic atmosphere in some respects. The hotel has many activities planned throughout the day, it's impossible to take part in them all. You won't want to anyway, but it's nice to have options. American Idol is popular, the Stargazing party was our favorite. Amazing music on the beach with a bonfire going. The duo were called Dharma I think, guitar player named Coco. They played many classics which left me in a trance almost. Laying on benches in the sand, brisk breeze going, ocean waves in the background, server going around taking drink orders. They played Bob Marley, Pink Floyd, Green Day, Guns'n'Roses, mostly classics. Beach volleyball was amazing. Such a beautiful beach, there was some seaweed though. The sand was absolutely clear though and felt great. Marcelo was great, he runs the games and people keep playing sometimes, even after he leaves. The entertainment staff is very funny and friendly even though some of the routines are pretty mundane. Tequila tasting, dance lessons, scuba intro, pool blackjack, pilates, kayak tours, kitchen tours, and cooking lesson were just some of the activities. Food was amazing everywhere we could try. We consider ourselves foodies and enjoyed almost everything. There are so many options to eat 24/7, it's great even though we never utilized room service. Some places do require reservations, especially if you want to see the hibachi at the Japanese spot. There is an Italian, French, Mexican, Japanese and Seafood/Steak place. Then a buffet which is great for any meal, very diverse and fresh foods. A good breakfast is always a plus and they didn't disappoint. The concierge in each building is a great asset and very helpful. We had Alberto.