My now wife and I (mid 20's) traveled to Secrets Maroma for our Honeymoon from June 13th-19th. We had read all of the reviews and had been expecting an unforgettable trip. It turns out that it was the perfect Honeymoon for us as the resort is amazing! For those reading these reviews and wondering if there is some type of catch as to why they are all so great, trust me- there is no catch! This is my first Trip Advisor Review and I thought it should be about Secrets Maroma. There is no need to touch on every part of the trip experience as there are hundreds of reviews that do so- but there are a five things that stuck out to my wife and I: 1. The service is what puts this place above others! We ran into very few members of the staff that did not act like they LOVED working there! The majority walk around and talk to you in a way that excites you about being there. If you can request a concierge, request Alberto as he was incredibly helpful and really did make it a priority to make our Honeymoon perfect. 2. The pool and beach (along with the service) top everything off. Most places with this great a beach and/or pool area are too crowded and it is hard to enjoy. At Secrets Maroma, there is a beautiful white beach with PLENTY of room and chairs to enjoy. They serve you all along the beach, drinks and food for lunch. The pool is very nice with the Infinity option or the pool with the bar which we preferred as there are large bed like chairs that are nice for couples to lay on right along the water. The only negative about the pool side we had was we didn't think there were enough floats to use. 3. We stayed in an Oceanview Junior Suite. Definitely try to request the 4th floor for the best view! The room was very spacious with a nice balcony for the view, a bathtub that opened up to the bed, a large walk-in shower, and the room service cubby which was fantastic to have food delivered when we didn't want people to actually come into the room! As far as Preferred Club, everyone we talked to besides one couple was disappointed with it. The couple that liked it, liked it because of the internet access. Personally, that makes me laugh as why on earth would you be on the internet at such a beautiful resort with your significant other... 4. The food is great because you will without a doubt find at least 2 or 3 places you LOVE! The breakfast buffet has anything you could think of and we specifically loved the fruit choices and omelette station. Our favorite restaurant was Oceania as we liked the Fish selections and the Lime Ceviche! In our opinion the best thing about the food, was the option of room service 24 hours for about anything you could think of. We always had a "Pre-game" delivery of appetizers and drinks before dinner as we got ready and enjoyed them on the balcony. 5. Mixture between private romantic resort and fun couple entertainment resort. There are so many ways in which you can enjoy a Honeymoon there on your own with love as we did the majority of the time. For extras, we both recommend the Couples Massage on the Beach (Awesome!) but we were not too ecstatic about the Dinner on the Beach because you are not on your own (8 tables next to each other). We also had fun with the tons of things to do with groups of people. They give you a schedule for the day and there is always something going on. We enjoyed pool volleyball, various contests along the pool/beach, kayaks, movies w/ popcorn before dinner, and they set up a giant tv along the pool for Game 7 of the Stanley Cup which was cool! Overall, it is a wonderful place and we plan to return. For those with negative reviews, either they had bad luck for some reason in when they went or who they interacted with, or they honestly are a little too picky/snobby in looking for a relaxing, fun resort to go to in Rivera Maya...