My husband and I stayed at SMB from 07/11/11 - 07/16/11 and instantly fell in love. We were there on our honeymoon and have no regrets other than we wish we would have stayed for 2-3 days longer. I will try to be brief in my review and point out the main things that I think are important. The ride from the resort to the airport is about 30-35 minutes. The resort is off the highway and you are taken down a long dirt road before you come to the gates of the resort. Once there you are greeted immediately and given a wet washcloth and a glass of champagne. Check-in time for the rooms aren't until 3pm. We arrived at 11am, so they took our luggage and gave us a pager to notif us when our room was ready. My husband and I walked the resort and had lunch while we waited. Afterwards we went back to the lobby and waited. Our room was ready at 2pm. My only complaint during this time was the lobby is kept a little warm and was stuffy. There is plenty of sitting and a bar in the lobby while you await your room. We were then taken to our room. Our door had a "honeymooners" banner on it which was a nice touch. When we got to our room and walked inside we were immediately impressed and were nothing but smiles. The room is beautiful, the king-size bed was comfortable, and the room's A/C worked wonderfully! We were in building 12 on the 3rd floor and loved our location as we were close to the lobby, most of the restaurants and the theatre where most of the evening's entertainment took place. I noticed some of the reviews people complain about the jacuzzi and the bathroom door. I used the jacuzzi 4 times and have not one complaint. The water gets very hot and its clean. I did not notice any "dirty" water or yellow-tint. It was very relaxing. The bathroom door is basically a frosted glass door with an opening in it for the handle. There isn't much privacy when the bathroom is used, but honestly, we were on our honeymoon...we didn't care about the bathroom door. I read how people complained about the noise and other than a few a noises from the guest in the room directly above us, it was quiet. My husband and I slept great. The food is simply amazing! The presentation is great. We did not try the Mexican restaurant, but ate at the others. Our favorite was the French restaurant, Bordeaux. The Italian and Japanese were right up there too. The staff is incredible! You are treated like royalty and, believe it or not, they remember your names! They walk around with smiles on their faces, are happy to assist in any way, and always greet you when you walk by. The resort is beautiful and clean. The scenery at night is out of this world. Many people's reviews complained of the pool chairs and having to get up there early to get chairs. We went to the pool 3 times and all 3 times did not get to the pool until after 1pm. We found chairs each time. Most were all taken at this time, but we still were able to find chairs. The pools are very clean and not crowded in the pool. The resort provides enough entertainment and activities that you do not feel the need to leave the resort, but we opted to do one excursion. The shuttle picked us up that morning and brought us back around 2:30. At no point were we ever concerned or felt unsafe while we were away on our excursion. Speaking of safety, a safe is provided in your room and we placed all valueables in there while we were away from our room. Very easy to use and plenty big. Overall, my husband's and my experience on the resort exceeded our expectations!! We have promised each other we will be back soon. It is somewhat depressing waking up on your final day there knowing you are leaving such paradise. I would recommend this resort to anyone without hesitation. There is so much love and romance in the air. Most couples there appear to be there for their honeymoon so everyone is still living on Cloud 9. The age ranges from 20s - 60's with the majority appearing in their 20s-30s. I cannot wait to go back. If you are thinking of going here, do not second guess the decision based on some of the "bad reviews". Of course, my husband and I are giving our review based on our experience and no place is ever going to have 100% satisfaction, but some of the complaints people post on here are laughable and seem so petty considering the overall experience. Last bit of advice before I end this. Take cash to tip the amazing staff and take LOTS of mosquito repellent. I left there with over 30 mosquito bites and I used the repellent every night. The mosquitos are in abundance there needless to say! Enjoy your vacation there...you'll not regret it!