It would be so hard to find a better resort than this one. My husband and I have a set of criteria for where we stay. We want plenty of palapas on the beach, good shows at night, a wide variety of restaurants, beautiful room, adults only, all-inclusive, and no reservations for dinner. This place met all our expectations and more. The beach was beautiful! Be sure to bring a piece of bread into the ocean with you to feed the angel fish. They were swarming my hubby and he loved every second of it. At other resorts we had to get up at the crack of dawn to reserve a chair on the beach but not here! There were plenty of lounge chairs available and they had nice thick cushions on them. So comfortable it felt like we were still in bed! Also, at other resorts you have to "check out" two towels and make sure and return them or else! Not here. You can pick up as many towels as you want on your way to the pool or beach and just leave them wherever you want and they will pick them up for you. Drink service and food service to your chair was incredible! My husband wanted a Corona and Pina Colada delivered everyday at noon. He only told our waiter "Edcuardo" once and everyday at exactly noon...there he was! Incredible!!! The room was very beautiful, comfortable, and spacious. The room temp was fine but we weren't sure if it would be cool enough for us to sleep so I just called the concierge and he brought us a huge metal fan that kept us plenty cool at night. Also, they have many great amenities but no conditioner was provided. Again, we called the concierge and a big bottle was immediately provided. Also, we loved the secret box for the room service. The preferred club was right by our building and seemed like it was not at all worth the money. It's just computers and internet, drinks, and hors de'hourves. We wouldn't have gone in if it had been offered to us as part of our stay so we were very glad we didn't extra for it. The food was excellent. The only restaurant we didn't like was the Mexican restaurant. That seemed to be the consensus with everyone we talked to also. The hibachi restaurant was our favorite. *This is the only restaurant you have to have reservations for. Make them as soon as you arrive because it fills up quickly. The french, seafood, steak, and italian restaurants were all wonderful. The breakfast buffett was awesome. Lunch really blew us away. So many options! We stayed at the Valentin Imperial Maya last year and breakfast and dinner were comparable but I got tired of eating the same stuff for lunch everyday. At secrets you had your choice of two sit down restaurants, The barefoot grill (by the pool with grilled burgers, chicken, fish, etc.), the grill on the beach were the chefs served paella, chopped suey, and grilled options like the barefoot grill). Also, you could order off of the menu the beach servers had and they would bring it right to your lounge chair. But wait! Thats not all...they also had a paella and taco cart that went around the pool area and chefs that went around offering loungers pizza, shish-ka-bobs, fruit, etc. You never have to get up! The resort had beautiful lush landscaping and the bathrooms by the pool and ocean had a woman who stands outside with her cleaning cart all day so everytime someone comes out she goes in and cleans. It was immaculate! They even had wash cloths to dry your hands instead of paper towels. I really hated the pool bathrooms at the Valentin so this was big to me. The way the resort was layed out was perfect. It was a short walk to get anywhere on the resort. That was the Valentin's biggest drawback. Everything seemed like a long way away. To be fair though the Valentin's landscaping was the most beautiful I've ever seen and the long moonlit walks back to the room seemed magical. The entertainment staff is phenomenal!!! They seemed like old friends by the time we left. Lily, Andrew, Alex, Marshmallow, Jesus, Hector,Cici and Ali, if you're reading this....Sarita and Pablo miss you already! They will make sure you have a blast. The shows are good. Our favorites were the Rock of Ages show, The Hip-Hop show, and American Idol. The daily activities are really fun too. Pool blackjack and Pool Bingo, pool and beach volleyball, beach soccer, spanish lessons, wine, tequila, and gourmet coffee tastings (did I mention they have a gourmet coffee bar like Starbucks?), they have a book swap with plenty for you to read, ping-pong, darts, a huge chess board, and so much more. They even take you out in a Hobie Kat for about 45 minutes as part of the all inclusive package. They have bike tours, tennis, movies every day, I could go on. If you get bored it's your own fault. We never left the resort for 8 glorious days and 7 glorious nights and we weren't bored for a minute. They also have an ultra cool disco that's open every night until 1. The service was unbelievable. Everyone was so happy to attend to your every need. Anything we asked for was met with..."It would be a pleasure" and you could tell they meant it. I've never encountered nicer people in my entire life. It was hard to come back to the states after that. We booked with tropicaltravelers.com. or it might be thetropicaltravelers.com. Anyway, It saved us about $1,000 over any price I could find on the internet and I checked absolutely everywhere. Jennifer was very sweet and helpful. Great travel agent. The bottom line is...We feel so completely blessed that we were able to stay at this resort and I'm sure if you stay here you will feel the exact same way.