This was my first experience booking an all-inclusive and, I admit, I was skeptical about the idea of being restricted to one place. My wife and I decided to give it a go for our honeymoon because we just didn't want to go somewhere that required a ton of planning and running around after all of the work that goes into a wedding. We decided on Secrets Maroma Beach after reading Trip Advisor reviews and some research through our travel agent. Bottom line, Secrets Maroma was one of the best vacations we've had. Even though we went during a time that tropical storms are common, we had six beautiful days on the beach (with a tropical downpour at about 5pm every day). By week's end we were happy to see some clouds! Unless it says "HURRICANE", don't be frightened off by reports of rain--even if it says heavy at times. The storms really do rush in and out in a hurry. Here are some of the main points we feel would be important to know; 1) Safety was never an issue. We were careful of our belongings by locking them up in the room safe, but we always felt comfortable on the resort (we never left the gates). 2) When getting through customs in Cancun, beware of the manipulative sales pitch you'll get from various companies in the airport. We were immediately greated and asked what vacation company was picking us up (we booked thru "Best Day" and were looking for our shuttle). When we told the gentleman we were looking for Best Day he escorted us to a friendly man at a desk who WAS NOT a Best Day representative, but pretended to be. He attempted to sell us all sorts of extra side adventures. After listening for about 15 minutes it was evident that he was not part of the travel agency there to transport us. Be sure that you bypass anyone that does not have a uniform that CLEARLY marks the company you are looking for. 3) Book one of the "UPGRADE" packages. We opted to pay a little more for the preferred Honeymoon package and whitnessed a huge difference. You will have a "custom" check-in and check-out, better rooms, location and additional perks that make a huge difference. It's well-worth the investment. 4) Don't bother with the "swim-up" room option. We were on the 2nd floor and never saw anyone use the pools on the first. Far more privacy on the higher floors. 5) The service is incredible. Our concierge (Roberto) went out of his way to make sure we were comfortable. The waiters and bartenders were all hard working, pleasant people. Tipping a dollar or two once in a while throughout the day goes a long way. We tipped every couple of hours for beach/poolside drinks and usually three to five dollars at dinner. We spent about $100 American in a week's time. They prefer American money too. 6) The food was very good. The world cafe offers a great variety of finger foods, buffet style with specific stations. We loved the "Oceanside" restaurant, which is divided into a steak section and a seafood section. The ambiance there is better than the other restaurants. We found the food at the Mexican & Italian restaurant to be good, but we preferred the open air vibe of the others. 7) Order the "shrimp tacos" poolside. Great afternoon snack! 8) The pool area is far more crowded than the beach. We are beach-goers and enjoyed the breeze and beautiful water most. If you really prefer pools, they are great (and right next to the bar & restrooms) but you'll need to grab a spot by 10am at the latest. 9) Believe it or not, the night life was very entertaining. We were asleep by 11 most nights, but did enjoy the shows. The hired "entertainers" were great. You'd see them by day getting folks involved in pool games, etc, then working on stage at night. 10) Bring lots of sun screen and re-apply often. We saw several people who were so hurting after not paying attention to the strong sun that they either had to hide in the shade for days or got sunstroke. Just use common sense--and at least 30 SPF! We are planning a return trip, even if for a long weekend this winter. It was one of the most relaxing places we've ever been. Many thanks to the staff at Secrets Maroma Beach!