We were there in June for our honeymoon, along with everyone else who was honeymooning as well. Seriously, just about every door had either a honeymoon banner or an anniversary banner. Of course, this didn't make us feel extremely special, but it was nice to discuss wedding craziness with everyone else who had just been married. We stayed Monday-Monday, so we were able to enjoy all aspects of the resort. In an attempt to not restate everything that has already been said, I will highlight the things we liked and didn't like: - Food- it was all very good and always available. We ordered room service for breakfast three or four days and preferred it to World Cafe only because we enjoyed being lazy and staying in bed to eat. The longest we ever waited on room service was 45 minutes. We had heard rave reviews from everyone about the Japanese restaurant but it was actually one of our least favorite. I love shrimp sauce and this restaurant did not have it. Our favorites were Portofino (Italian) and El Patio (Mexican). I had read that El Patio was consistently peoples' least favorite, but the tortilla soup was good enough for us to return twice. I enjoyed Bordeaux (French) because they were serving lobster tails as their special. My husband didn't like it, but I think it was just his entree. We did not have a chance to go to Oceana or Seaside. The food at lunch was always really great and we were stuffed everyday going back to our rooms. My husband was not a fan of the dress code as men have to wear long pants to all of the restaurants and he is just not a fan of pants. We saw guys in jeans and sandals, so it is more relaxed, but he would have liked to wear khaki shorts to stay cool. - Shows/Entertainment- We are young (mid-20's) and we found the entertainment to be fine. We even enjoyed the movies that are played nightly around 7. These definitely came in handy the last two days when it rained. American Idol and Fire and Ice were probably our favorites, but the comedy shows were pretty good as well. We usually went to bed after the shows because we were so exhausted so we never made it to Desires Club. - Pool/Beach- We enjoyed the pool better simply because service at the pools came much quicker. Our servers never kept us waiting long on drinks, and if he/she did, we just visited the swim up bar. We liked the pool with the swim up bar better and would usually get down to the pool around 10 everyday. We never had trouble finding a seat. The beach is beautiful but the water is a little more mirky than that of Jamaica and the Bahamas. - Rooms- We stayed in a Partial Oceanview Room that not in a preferred club building. Everyone who has stayed in preferred club says it's not worth the money, and I probably agree, however, they do get liquor in their rooms, whereas the regular rooms do not. There were several nights when we wanted to go back and make drinks in our room but could not because it wasn't available. We had our choice of beers, but would have rather had liquor. The room was on the warm side for most of the trip, but we did call down and get a fan sent up which helped. We loved everything else about the room. The beds were not the best I've ever slept on, but we slept well every night. - Bars- Aside from the pool bar during the day, we visited the Swing Bar once and sat for 5 minutes without being helped, so we left. We went to the lobby bar a lot and loved it. The martinis and specialty drinks in there were so good! We liked the bar in the theater as well. It is true- you can get top-shelf drinks as long as you ask. I drank Ketel One most of the time, and I think I saw a bottle of Grey Goose once, but never asked. My husband drank Captain Morgan the whole time. You can also order doubles if you feel you aren't getting drunk enough :) - Service- We never waited long for anything. We tipped conservatively, and still got the same service as everyone else. I kept forgetting to bring money with me to dinner :/ Our housekeeper did a great job, although it was kind of annoying because housekeeping occurred for us generally in the late afternoon when we wanted to go back for a nap and to get ready for dinner. Then, turn-down service was anywhere from 6-10, so that could sometimes become a pain as well. We did not check in until about 5 pm and never noticed any timeshare salespeople. I had read that people got pestered by them, but we never dealt with them. There were people available in the lobby to assist with taking excursions. We dealt with American Express for all of our excursions and transportation and we were thoroughly pleased.