We've stayed at several all-inclusive resorts, but this was one of our favorites. While the entrance to the resort is one of the more plain that I've seen, the resort was beautifully maintained and landscaped. What I really liked about this resort was the service. The staff was one of the friendliest that I've dealt with in any resort. The food and variety of restaurants was also great. Breakfast at the World Cafe was outstanding. Anyone who has been to an all-inclusive has dealt with the long lines at omelette stations. They were well-staffed in this department and they also had something I haven't seen at any other resorts - a crepe station. The crepes were delicious. Dinners at the other restaurants were also great. My two favorite meals were at Bordeaux and Portofino. The only bad dinner I had was at El Patio which may have just been because I ordered the wrong thing. There was plenty to do and they had one of the nicest beaches I've seen at a resort. The sand was soft and white, and there were no pebbles or rocks as you entered the water. The pool and pool bar were also very nice and laid out very nicely. One negative is that the hot tubs were separate from the pool. This is nice if you want privacy, but they should also have hot tubs near the pool, in my opinion. The seating by the pool was very comfortable and though my wife and I are late risers, we were always able to find a seat. We enjoyed having appetizers brought right to you in the pool, although the weather impacted this a few of the days. The service at the bars was also very good. I did have to wait for a drink a few times, but much less than I have at other resorts. My wife and I also got massages in the spa which was beautiful. My only complaint about the spa was that the hot tubs were only lukewarm. The room was very comfortable - not really any complaints there. My biggest complaint was with the road leading up to the resort. It's unbelievable that a beautiful resort like this would have a bumpy strip of dirt road leading up to the resort. What would it take to pave that? Overall, we really enjoyed our trip and would definitely return to a Secrets Resort.