As most of you readers can see by the numerous reviews listed here, this place is basically amazing. It gets very high marks and to be honest, it deserves it. So without repeating things others have said so well, I think I'll take a little artistic license and break my review into three parts called, "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly" and give a little "left of center" take on things. So here we go... THE GOOD Beach Beds: One of the best things you can reserve on this property is one of the 8 beach beds they have. Situated a mere 20 yards from the water, these amazingly comfortable Palapa's are probably the best "unsung" benefits of the property. Throw in a clear glass cooler filled with water as well as a decorative flower arrangement and you have the beginnings of a purely romantic day on the beach. Oh, did I mention being spoiled with drinks and food all day? ...you get the picture. Breakfast at the World Cafe: Lets just say, if you can't find it here, you are either a food snob, from another planet, or just downright picky. Almost everything is made to order (omelettes, crepes, etc.) and it's all fresh. Get there early (before 8:30) and not only do you have the pick of where to sit, but you'll have almost no lines. There is also a mimosas and bloddy mary station for those who like to start early (no judgement here). Swim Out Room: Nothing better than coming back from a late dinner, grabbing a few cold ones from the mini-fridge, and chillaxing in the swim out pool late at night. We were very surprised to see that these "swim outs" weren't used as much as they should have been if not at all... TIP: at 11:30 the lights go out on the porches and at Midnight all the lights go out. Can you say, "skinny dipping"... Just Ask: Yes, that's right... "just ask"... want ice cream at 4am? Just ask. Want to change out Corona in the mini-fridge for Dos Equis? Just ask. Want to have more than one entree at a sitting? Just ask. Secrets goes out of their way to make your stay comfortable and in return you feel like you're treated as a 70's rock star just short of groupies (no, I didn't ask for those...) THE BAD "The Overzealous Drinkers" -- There are not that many of them, maybe a handful at the most, but as others have written, folks tend to revert to their college glory days sometimes. As the (great) wide receiver Terrell Owens once said, "Act as if you been somewhere before"! "Getting Eaten Alive" -- Bring bug spray. seriously. This place is in a tropical jungle of sorts on the shores of the caribbean and there are mosquitoes everywhere there is no wind. You've been warned. You're welcome. "Pool Chair Hogs" -- It seems to me that this is more than a cultural phenomenon, it's become a common UNcourtesy. My belief is that if you are going to be there, use the chair... IF YOU LEAVE you let others have it. This "hoarding stuff" sucks for everyone. And here's a helpful  if not experience expanding idea  TRY TO SIT IN DIFFERENT PLACES EVERYDAY. You really get a sense of the place and appreciate the enjoyment of the grounds if you try not to sit in the same exact spot every single moment of every single day. It's called expanding your horizon. (the best view is on the beach anyway -- they deliver drinks there too) THE UGLY Other than that random guy wearing the occasion speedo two sizes too small, or spotting someone with skin sunburned so badly that you could makes s'mores from the heat that radiates off their body there really is absolutely NOTHING ugly about this place. Seriously. It's a beautiful resort. So maybe you don't like post-modern Mexican architecture or the color of the pool towels... SO WHAT? You are in a tropical paradise where drinks are free and plenty... Relax, take a deep breath and have a great time. Treat other as you'd like to be treated, tip for services rendered, wear sunblock, try a new food, and just "be". I hope this "rant" helps. My fianc and I had a wonderful experience and will be back again as soon as possible.