My boyfriend and I returned last night from our near week long stay at Secrets Maroma and without question, in my mind, was thrilled by my first all-inclusive resort experience. I was hesitant to go to an all-inclusive as I am very particular about eating good food while on vacation and feel that all-inclusives run cheap on alcohol and food to keep costs down and profits high, but I was wrong and the food was fantastic and alcohol top shelf. Here is my experience broken down into areas: Check-in: When we arrived at the resort at 4:30pm we were told that if we stayed at their sister resort, Secrets Silversands, for an evening upon arrival that they would compensate us with an ocean front room at Maroma for the rest of our stay as well as VIP Preferred Club lounge access, free internet, and 3 free nights on a return visit..this being because they obviously overbooked and needed our room. After some negotiation we went to their sister resort for a single night and were back first thing the next morning at Secrets Maroma. Normally I wouldnt have taken such an offer, but since it was already getting on in the evening and was raining anyway we decided a nicer room and a free return trip was worth the small inconvenience. When we arrived back at the Secrets Maroma resort the next morning at 9am we were quickly checked in at the VIP Preferred Club building, ate breakfast and hit the beach! We made lemon into lemonade and I really think it was worth it! Beach/Pool: We spent all of the sunny days at the beach. We got drinks whenever we wanted and they didnt skimp on the alcohol and had top shelf selection. The beach attendees were excellent and we got whatever we needed. We had no issue getting a chair under an umbrella every day, but then again we were early risers and normally on the beach by about 10-10:30. We spent a little time at the pool just for a dip and it seemed the pool was packed daily and loud with people and music. We preferred the beach as the Sea breeze was cooling and the conditions too nice to pass up to sit at a pool all day. They had plenty of activities to participate in throughout the day, but we only did a few (Tequila Tasting, Catamaran Rides and Kayaking) as we really wanted to spend our days sunning, reading and relaxing. Grounds: Perfectly manicured grounds and every night the staff washes down the chairs, bed/loungers, cement, sidwalks, pool/hot tub etc..They take great pride in the resort and it shows in everything they do. The mosquitoes were only really an issue after the rain in the evenings, but that is not something the resort can change as that is just mother nature and is an issue all around Mexico and even in the USA in the summer. For those who complained about it must have been swimming or sitting in their balcony tubs at night and opened themselves up to be eaten alive! I got bitten a couple of times, but that did not by any means ruin my vacation. Food: The restaurants were all phenomenal, some obviously better than others. We loved the French restaurant Bordeaux and the Asian Fusion restaurant though we did not do the Habatchi which you need to make reservations for in advance. We ate at the World Cafe buffet for breakfast every morning and it was excellent. Tons of food of all sorts and fresh! The pool barefoot buffet was just OK, but the sit down lunch by the pool was excellent and had healthier options. Rooms: We originally paid for a partial ocean view room, but since we negotiated a better room due to our one night inconvenience having to stay at a sister resort our first night there we got an amazing room. We ended up at the closest building to the beach facing the ocean without anything impeding our view of the crystal blue and turquoise water. We also requested the top corner of the building and was granted that room without issue, so we had no issue with noise or mosquitoes. The rooms were superior and super clean with maid service 3x a day. We only did room service once for a snack while sitting in the Jacuzzi before dinner and even though cheese and crackers were not on the menu they still made a plate up for us with no issue. The bath products were high end, but that may be specific to the VIP Preferred Club we got with the room upgrade and not sure if it is standard across all rooms. Service: We did not once get hassled into any sort of sales pitch on timeshares or anything, but maybe that is because we took one for the team our first night at the resort and they didnt want to bother us the rest of our time there. We were given all sorts of gift certificates for discounts at the spa, money off special bottles of wine and romantic beach dinners that we never even ended up using without having to hear a sales pitch or hassle as read in other reviews. For those who have based their trips off of tripadvisor and read the reviews and warnings about timeshare sales pitches and yet still participated in them at their stay and therefore complained in their review should be ashamed. You can so no to anything and no one pushed us into anything while at the resort. The people were so unbelievably friendly and appreciative; especially the wait staff at the restaurants. Night Time Entertainment: The entertainment was OK, nothing too stupendous. Honestly we ate so late at night that we missed a lot of the really good performances such as the Fire Night. We were satisfied with some of the entertainment, but we didnt really need to be entertained as we did a good job of doing that ourselves with each others company and meeting other couples at the resort. Overall: I have traveled all over the world and stayed at some of the nicest hotels in the world and can easily say that this resort tops the list of some of the places I have stayed in service, food and cleanliness. I consider myself picky, but also reasonable. I think this resort was worth every penny spent and we are looking forward to returning for a 3 free nights this Winter!