Lets start with the bad: 1) The "VIP Service" table. AVOID THIS AT ALL COST! After check-in, you will be escorted over to this table to "receive the vouchers that come with your package". They will also say that it is NOT a timeshare pitch. It is. I read other reviews before we went, so I was on the lookout for this and refused to let me or my fiance sit down at the desk. The representative very curtly asked us to sign a waiver indicating that we refused our vouchers, and sent us on our way. Seriously...don't let yourself get sucked into this, even if they get upset with you. We saw forlorn looking guests being escorted around the property by reps from this group all week, and heard that the pitch could last 3+ hours. Honestly, if they let the resort speak for itself, I imagine their efforts to sell timeshares would be much more effective. The place really is beautiful. 2) The infamous "dirt road". Okay, this is really NOT a big deal...and people who complain about it should definitely loosen up a bit (...and this is coming from a person who is admittedly a little too "uptight"). A 10-25 minute bumpy ride never killed anyone. ...And now for the good: Literally everything else was far better than we expected. Both my fiance and I were a little unsure of the whole 'all-inclusive' concept, but after reading the glowing reviews, we decided to give it a shot. We were at SMB from July 2nd through the 8th, and loved just about every second of it! We rented one of the beds on the beach the second day we were there, and it was what I imagine Heaven must be like. In addition to the covered (and VERY comfy) bed, our butler/attendant also made sure that we both had loungers to lay in the sun if we wanted. He also came back every 1/2 hour or so all day to make sure we didn't need more food, drinks, anything! If you are able to do it, I highly recommend getting one of these beds for at least a day. In an effort to try to keep the gushing to a minimum, our favorite things were: our swim-out suite (totally worth it...star gazing in our private pool with glasses of sparkling wine was incredible), pool-side taco cart (go for the pork!), Himitsu for dinner (although Portofino and the French restaurant were also very good), breakfast buffet at World Cafe (fresh banana/nutella crepes), the unbelievable beach with the most powdery sand I've ever seen, the beds (my fiance and I haven't been able to sleep as well since we've been back...the mattresses are SO good) and the SERVICE! Special shout-out to our building concierge Ethel, who made our every wish come true. We also requested that the maids stock our fridge with Negro Modello instead of Corona, and they continued to do so all week. I cannot say enough about how hard they work to make sure you have everything you want. TIP THEM...they deserve it! I'm afraid it would be very difficult for any other resort to mesure up to our experience here, so we'll probably just save ourself the potential dissappointment and come back to SMB for all of our future Mexican vacations. If you were wise, you'd do the same!