This all-inclusive resort was awesome! The service was great. The staff was very friendly and it seemed like they all enjoyed working there. They were always saying my pleasure. The events staff is especially good-I took pilates, yoga, and water aerobics and the girls remembered my name and said hello every time I saw them. There is always something going on. We also did the tequila tasting and sushi making lessons. There is an area that has ping pong, chess, and games you can play. There are also jungle bike tours but I had flip flops on and didnt have time to go get shoes to make it back in time to go-so make sure you have tennis shoes on if you go for the bike tour. At night there is a movie and a show with dinner. The fire and ice show was amazing. Every night you get mail that tells you all of the activities going on the next day. We had a room on the 2nd floor-not a swim out. The room was very nice. The bed was comfy. Everything is new and modern. The beach was great and clean. The umbrellas are somewhat limited so it is hard to stay out of the sun on the beach. People were feeding these fish in the water that was pretty cool until they would not stop following us! The pool was really nice. The only thing about the pool is people horded the floaties! One lady had 3 and was on not a one of them-she just had them under her chair. This is not the resorts fault though. The food. So good. The buffet is there all day so you can stop and snack whenever you feel like it. For breakfast they have everything-and I mean everything. The hut by the pool has fish and all kinds of good snacks for lunch. Dinner was also fantastic. The steak was great at the French place, the pasta was good at the Italian. The hibachi grill is a riot. The food and drinks were all so good. I even tried sushi for the first time and liked it! The head chef at the sushi bar is super good he is also the one who did the sushi lesson. We even ordered wings and fries through room service and it was quick and delicious after having some drinks and being ready to pass out. There was one thing that we thought sucked in the beginning but I actually think it probably ended up making our trip better and more relaxing. You have to pay to use the internet on your phone or laptop. I cant remember how much it was but it was enough that we didnt do it. They do have a computer area where you can log on for free but sometimes there would be a line so you had to hurry when you did log on. Anyway I think it ended up being better that way because then we werent checking our phones, on email , or on the internet the whole time which Im sure if it would have been free we would have done. We were also a little worried about going to Mexico because of the drug stuff but felt completely safe the whole time. We even went to Tulum and a snorkeling tour and didnt have any issues leaving the resort. It was a great trip and a fantastic resort!