This was my husband and my splurge trip and we stayed for 8 nights. We loved being able to walk out onto a private beach (soft white sand) with padded chairs, shade and as many towels as you want. The water was great all day and night. The pool was beautiful and there was always plenty of chairs and shade for all of the guests at the resort. No kids- and the resort is not over crowded- perfect size. The breakfast buffet was amazing. European deli, steaks, fresh crepes and pancakes, mexican food, fruit, eggs to order, fresh baked sweets and more! Lunch sit down and on the beach/pool. The beach pool/lunch is ok- but you don't have to get dressed. The best part of lunch is the chefs walk around the pool with street tacos, sushi and more. Dinner was great at every resturant. If you want to eat at the stir fry tables- you need to reserve as soon as you get to the hotel. However we were able to get a last min. reservation due to a cancelation. There is also pool and beach service for drinks- you don't have to tip, but of course you get a little better service if you do. There was a tropical storm one day and we decided to go to the spa. The sauna and steam rooms are nice. However, a lot of the spa is outside (jacuzzi, shower for sauna), so it was a little cold. The massage rooms are beautiful, but I was a little cold because they are outside. We only left the resort for a snorkel and zip lining trip- however I could have just stayed at the resort the entire time! It is their goal to make you relaxed and we were- it felt amazing. We stayed in the pent house. I don't reccommend the extra money. On several nights we could hear the music from the lounge below- we didn't say anything to the night manager- but upon leaving we mentioned it and the staff was apologetic and said they would try to make a change. Also the outside balcony was nice and had a soaking tube. The water in the tube is cold. We filled it up in the morning wanting the sun to warm it- but I think the maid let the water out (seems like a waste). Would stay again, or maybe try another Secrets resort.