My husband and I truly had the honeymoon of our dreams. I did extensive research before selecting this resort. Trip Advisor had the most positive comments regarding this location. Plus I had spoken to a few friends that had vacationed in this area and really liked it. If you want to connect as a couple but have little to no interaction with other guests this is the place to be. We recommend getting a room with an ocean front view. That way you are part of the preferred club package which gives you private check in, concierge and breakfast in bed. They always leave rose petals on your bed w/fresh flowers in your room daily. You are made to feel very special. The food here was excellent. We didn't try the Italian or Japanese steakhouse but the buffets and other dining places were delicious. Portion sizes at dinner are on the small side. Be sure to get two appetizers and have dessert. The portion sizes for the appetizers on the room service menu were also very small so double up on those too. The food was really good with the chicken wings being our favorite pre-dinner treat. The drinks are included but tend to be a little weak. You can usually get a little extra if you ask. The pool seats tend to get pretty full early but there was always room on the beach. They have waiters to take food or drink orders so you're not missing out. You also feel extremely safe when going off site. They keep track of all of their guests. We did spend the extra $ to take advantage of massages on the beach and the romantic dinner on the beach. Both were well worth it. You can get resort credit towards these services which helps with the cost. The time of year we went was very, very hot but you stay cool in the water or your room. Be sure to wear 50spf or higher. The sun is much more intense. I still got a great tan without getting burned at all or looking over cooked. If you are not a fan of humidity I would not stay here in the summer. It did rain a couple times but never for very long. They do provide umbrellas. Also July 1-7 is the season of the crabs. They crawl out of the lagoons and make their way to the ocean. It's pretty wild to see them all over the beach and some do get in your room. They are harmless and are more scared of you than you are of them. Keep that in mind when you book your trip. Be sure to allow a portion of your budget for tipping. Overall we truly had an amazing honeymoon and we can't wait to go back.