Secrets Maroma Beach Let me begin by saying that I love reading traveler reviews on Tripadvisor. They were what lead us to Secrets Maroma in the first place. A place with so many positive reviews must have something special to it. So we decided we needed to find out for ourselves first hand. Pros: - The layout of the property is fantastic. Most of the restaurants are in the main building, while the pool and beach are on the other end of the property. Its not so big that youll get lost easy, everything seems convenient. The grounds are meticulously kept and beautiful. - The beach  The white sand and clear water are exactly what you hope for in a beach vacation - The swing bar  Something strange about swinging on a swing drinking an alcoholic beverage, but its a lot of fun and a great place to meet other guests. We met several friends there. - The swim up bar  Yet again, another great meeting place. Just so convenient to be in the pool and swim up the the bar. - The infinity pool  looks like it just keeps on going to the ocean, just awesome being in it. - The restaurants  Im pretty easy on being made happy with food. I thought all the restaurants were terrific. The scallops were outstanding at all the restaurants, always so fresh. Some items were hit and miss, but we would order several things and sample from each persons plate. All depends on your palate. We loved sitting outside to enjoy the evening air as well. - The staff  Very friendly and really want to make it a terrific stay. Analie bringing drinks to my wife on the beach was one of her favorites. She loved being pampered and not having any worries. - The entertainment staff  All of them work very hard to make sure there are activities and fun to be had for those that wish to partake. Water volleyball was a blast, even if it was 20 on 20 by the end of it. The staff is really great at what they do, very funny and very accommodating. - The shower in the room is nice and large  perfect for two - The Spa  The facilities are very nice and relaxing. Both my wife and I had massages. - Convenient to the airport, 30 minutes by transport. Last time we stayed in Cancun, we were way down in the Riviera Maya and took an hour and 15 minutes. An eternity when you are ready to begin your vacation. - The activities like karaoke and American Idol competition  well for me anyway, I love to get up and sing in front of people. I know not everyone likes to sing in front of people, but for those of you who love to perform, you definitely get your chance at Secrets Maroma Beach. There were many activities we didnt get to do on this last trip that I look forward to trying next time. Cons: - We had a partial ocean view room, but with all the trees and being on the 2nd floor, theres no way you could see the ocean. I wouldve been fine with a garden view room, but when told I could see the ocean from our room, I expect to be able to see it. In our building, #23 and I would suspect other buildings further from the ocean, I wouldnt expect to see the ocean from your room if youre going with the partial ocean view room - The power shuts off when you arent in the room, which I believe is a cost saving measure. Just be aware of this if you plan on charging any electronic equipment during the day. - In our room we needed an extra fan to help keep it cool at night. Our friends staying two doors down felt fine without one. So perhaps its a room to room thing or just based on how hot you get at night. Make sure to also keep the outside doors shut or the AC wont come on. - The bathroom door doesnt really shut for privacy. So if youre used to having a private, quiet area while doing your business, its not happening in your room. All depends on what youre used too - We werent near the stage area for all the shows, but heard one guest complaining that it was really loud in their room next to the stage area. Once again, depends on where they place you. We didnt have any problems with noise from outside when we were in our rooms as other reviews have suggested. But then again, we may have had quiet neighbors, which is nice. - There was a bird there that liked to strike people in the back of the head when you walk by. Not sure what was going on with the bird, but it happened to me and I continually heard many other people talk about it. Maybe its part of initiation to stay there. - We didnt stay in any swim up rooms, but it seems that it would be a lot more fun if all the pools connected somehow. Same goes for the infinity pool to the other pool with the swim up bar. Okay, so maybe the second one is more being lazy than anything, but with everything else done so well, Im trying to think of anything that comes to mind. - This one really isnt a con, but more of a heads up. If the sun is out, make sure to wear footwear wherever you go, because it gets hot fast on the concrete or wood, wherever you are walking. - Last con and certainly the biggest, having to leave the place. Most of the guests either seemed to be honeymooners or couples celebrating anniversaries. This is definitely a couples resort, not a bunch of college kids out looking to get drunk. Its a little bit rowdy, but nothing crazy. Just perfect for this guy. They do a good job bringing food around to guests laying out. Would be nice to have an area you could walk up to to get some chips/ gauc/ quick snack/munch food and take back to your chair whenever you like. For now its wait until the walk up places are open (usually 11am-12Noon) or get shirt and shoes back on and go into one of the sit down restaurants. I would recommend getting a chair wherever you want to be early. They have plenty of chairs for guests, but not enough to have spots at both the beach and the pool if you like to migrate back and forth. We always got to the beach early to pick where we wanted to be, and we always had lots of options. The staff really go out of their way to make sure youre happy and have everything you need. Tipping isnt required, but they all work so hard that I felt they deserved it, all up to you. It rained the first 3 days we were there, but the staff does a good job having other activities for you to do. You can be as active in participating as you like with events, or simply have a drink by the pool and enjoy paradise. Either way, a terrific time. Id be careful playing twister against CiCi, I think shes made out of rubber or something. Excellent all around, would highly recommend to anyone. This truly was one of the best vacations Ive ever had. I cant wait to go back. It definitely lived up to the hype.