My wife and I visited Secrets Maroma from June 26-July 2. We arrived in Cancun on a overcast rainy day unfortunately this weather would stay with us for a few days. Upon arrival we checked in and had to wait for our room to be prepared. We were in building 14(3rd floor). After check in we met with coupon person. Their pitch is they will give you coupons worth 200.00 to use in the spa or restaurants(for premium wine). The catch is you will have to listen to a time share pitch for 1.5-2 hours.After several exchanges with the rep I declined the coupons. To be honest it was ANNOYING. Off we went to explore the property. We went to the beach and got caught in a dounpour so we found shelter at the beach bar.After a few hours of drinking CORONA(they have corona on tap and corona light in cans) we had luch at the seaside grill. I highly recommend the SHRIMP CERVICE(you have to request it). We found the food to be very good. We had a beeper to notify us when our room was ready. We finally went back to the front desk and the room was ready(we were not nitified(no big deal) We had a junior suite ocean view room(slight view from blgd 14). The room was very nice.I found that the temp was regulated at 72. I would have preferred it to be cooler, but that was ok. Our first dinner was at PORTOFINO. I would stay away from the chicken parm(disappointing, my wife had sea bass. The APPS and SERVICE were great. I found the HOUSE WNES to be very good. The cab/ merlot and chard were good. The BORDEAUX restaurant was great. Try the veal chop. Himitsu was ok.The best dinners we had were at SEASIDE(try the 22oz steak and OCEANA(SNAPPER/LOBSTER COMBO). We had breakfest every day and a few lunches at the WORLD CAFE. It's buffet style , but very good. We also had dinner there on MEXICAN FIESTA night. We didn't try EL PATIO. We took a trip to downtown PLAYA for shopping. Lot's to look at there. Have lunch at YAXHCHE. We also did a half day trip to TULUM(well worth it). There are nightly shows which were good. American Idol night and Caribbean show were the best. OVERALL, the staff was great(we tipped ofter) and the resort was fantastic .The sun is EXTREMELY STRONG. I worn 30 and got burned a bit.The resort offers you 1 hour of wifi. Anything additional you have to pay for. They do have a room to access the internet for free. Aside from a few minor issues,we had a blast and would definately go back. Have a great time