This was our first stop on a four-week trip throughMexico, Panama and Ecuador and we hoped for a chance to chill out before undertaking more active cultural/active phases of our tour. Like other reviewers I have been sceptical in the past about all-inclusive resorts but I would find it hard to offer any serious criticism of this hotel. The overall architecture of the hotel is nondescript but there are many nice features despite this. The gardens are well tended and nothing on the site is very far away from anything else. Our room was spacious, well-equipped and very comfortable and although not overlooking the ocean it was well located in relation to hotel facilities and services. There were spacious seating areas both inside the room and on the balcony. There was a large spa bath and separate enclosures for the shower and toilet. We found the food to be outstanding and there was very little which was not included in the package. Some vintage wines cost extra but nearly all the usual premium brands of spirits were on offer in the bars. The beach was beautifully kept with sand which strangely did not seem to heat up in the sun - the wooden boardwalks got hotter. The staff were very attentive and unfailingly friendly without the annoying obsequiousness you find elsewhere where securing a tip is the clear objective. Despite the size of the hotel we had a clear impression that staff made an effort to remember who we were and greeted us appropriately (maybe because we speak a bit of Spanish and were about 30 years older than most other guests who seemed to be on honeymoon!!). My only criticism would be not of the hotel per se but of the Aqua World operation which operates in the hotel. They appear to be a very large company which covers all sorts of water sports. I booked three days' diving with them and found their service unsatisfactory - mainly because there appeared to be little quality control. One dive, in the cenotes, was excellent with thorough briefings and clear regard for safety. Another, on a wreck, was slapdash at best with inadequate briefing, dubious surface intervals and no facilities, not even water on the dive boat. A combined snorkel/dive trip for wife/self left my wife on her own in Cozumel for nearly two hours. I drew the attention of the hotel to these shortcomings and would hope things might improve(?). Apart from this blip we had an excellent stay even if it is unlikely that we would ever go back, simply because the world is too big.