I used to be skeptical of the all-inclusive concept. Bad buffets, annoying staff trying to harass you into activities, etc. I am now a convert! Secrets Resorts offer "Unlimited Luxury" and it the experience lives up to the name! Property - Secrets Maroma Beach is located a quick 30-40 minute drive straight down the highway from Cancun International Airport. At this adults-only resort, located on a pristine beach, the smiling staff greet you be name before you're even out of the car. The main lobby area is grand with shops, restaurants, and an open lobby bar with couches for lounging. The rooms are situated in a series of 8 buildings, 4 floors per building. The first floor rooms all have small pools directly in front of them to create "swim-out" suites (perfect for a romantic getaway). All other rooms have balconies complete with soaking tubs ON THE BALCONY. Every room has an ocean view! Attention to Detail - If you're celebrating an event (in our case a birthday but also honeymoons, anniversaries, etc) your room door is festooned with a festive banner announcing the celebration. Inside our gorgeous and spacious room there were even balloons tied to the bedposts! The bath amenities are great though I will note that they only stock "conditioning shampoo". It was fine for me but if you have problem hair be sure to bring your own conditioner (or pick some up at the well stocked lobby store). The beds were extremely comfortable, I slept like a baby every night. Preferred Club - If you booked a room in the "Preferred Club" section there are definitely some added perks. Free internet, dedicated concierge and a separate "club room" for check in that also has computers, a bar, etc among others. Though with this luxury all-inclusive you'll feel like a star either way. Food - There are several restaurants at this property including a Mexican, French, Italian, Japanese (complete with hibachi tables), seafood, grill, and buffet. Even room service is included. All are delicious! And you don't have to worry about making reservations, except for the hibachi tables. The portion sizes are not too big which leave you satisfied at the end of your meal instead of overstuffed. Much easier to enjoy the rest of the night! (and hey, you can always order more, it's included!) Entertainment - There are nightly shows with themes like American Idol (where guests are invited to sing), Caribbean Show, Rock of Ages, Fireshow and the like. They are very fun and adorable, really getting everyone into a party mood. Desires, the on-site disco, is loads of fun with a great DJ and sometimes even live music or karaoke for a portion of the night. They also have live music in the expansive lobby bar each night so there is no shortage of evening options. Daily Activities - Ranging from morning yoga to pool volleyball to tequila tastings the staff is some of the most enthusiastic I've come across. The best part is they're also smart enough to know when you just want to be left on your lounge chair to read your book. The pools themselves are fun to float around in and everyone loves a good swim up bar (which becomes "the place to be" every afternoon). In the event of inclement weather there are also a cadre of rainy day activities like board games, ping pong and pool, movies in their large, comfy theater, etc. They think of everything! Spa - Secrets Maroma Beach is home to a stunning spa offering Pevonia amenities. There is a full hydrotherapy circuit, salon, and of course body treatments. The massage room is a dark room with a fountain running the length of it, filled with individual cabanas. It has the feel of being in a tent in Morocco under the night sky, very beautiful and peaceful. The treatments are on the pricey side but well worth the indulgence. In addition to everything the resort has to offer they have an on-site desk that can arrange diving trips and water activities for you. I was THRILLED with my experience here and will definitely be trying out another of their locations. If you want to bring the kids along, Dreams and Now resorts (sister brands to Secrets) are for the whole family!