For an all-inclusive, you cannot get any better than this resort! Service was excellent. Food was great. Beautiful rooms, grounds, pools and beach. You can either do nothing or party all day. All restaurants were great. El Patio was our least favorite. The breakfast buffett has everything you can think of for breakfast food and it was all good! We went to two shows at night and they were both entertaining. The beach is where we spent most of our time. White sand and clear water, very relaxing. The pool was a bit more loud and active (and a lot hotter up there, much cooler on the beach), but since we have a pool at home, we opted for the beautiful beach every day. The gym is nice. Small, but I liked it. Worked out almost every morning, with the exception of a run on the beach. The spa is a must! And definitely the hydrotherapy before your treatment is well worth it! We also did a one hour snorkeling trip right from the resort. A boat took us out 10 minutes to a reef, snorkled for 45 minutes and then back to the resort. It was great! And only $45/person. Well worth it. Drinks were great, but we learned to always ask for double as they seemed a little weak to us. We ate every lunch on the beach in our beach chairs. We didn't want to leave the beach and didn't have to! My only complaint would be that we booked an "ocean view suite" non preferred. When we got to our room, it was definitely not ocean view, maybe partial ocean view, but really you could barely see any of the ocean! They bumped us to the penthouse floor, which is in the main building on the top floor. Straight on view of the ocean, huge balcony and convenient to restaurants, gym, etc. When we go back we will be requesting this building again! Loved it! So really I can't complain because we ended up with a great room :) Also something else that stood out to me was the cleanliness of the resort and how the staff never stopped cleaning and working on the place. It is immaculate! Definitely will return to this fabulous resort!!