To begin,I need to explain that my 5 star rating is based upon the type of resort class that this is, an all inclusive property. To compare it to any property such as a Four Seasons property or other non all inclusive such as Banyan Tree down the road would be unfair. If I had to it would not receive 5 stars. That being said it would still fare very well and is a very good property that I can highly recommend. I stayed with 2 other couples June 21-27. I booked a Stretch Escalade from Dream days and it was an excellent choice. We arrived and had booked swim out suites and preferred club. We were taken by golf cart to the preferred club check in. No time share pitch- received a cool towel and champagne. Ck in took a while, 1 hour 15 min. We were given excellent top shelf drinks from the staff so not a problem. They arranged for us to be side by side, which was nice for us traveling together. Rooms well appointed , soaps and lotions nice but not high end. Towels rough though. Mini bar and fridge filled with soft drinks etc. Met our concierge - did not really need him. Let me say we really enjoyed swim out and preferred club. I think it was well with the money to escape the pool scene and relax. Before dinner we met for drinks at the club, never more than 10 people there. Dinner was hit and miss. Italian good, French understaffed and confused. Japanese using non traditional spices. Steak house taste was good, cooked over wood charcoal, not top quality beef though. All house wines are tolerable , we did find a few Pinot's and Chilean cabs that were good and reasonably priced that we ordered and paid around 45 dollars a bottle. One problem which I had read about in reviews was the heat in common areas . The French restaurant had to bring in floor fans to cool. The main lobby had to be 83 or so with high humidity. Also none of rooms would go below 75 which was ok . The breakfast buffet was fine - room service on time and professional. The pools and common areas beautiful and well maintained. Sushi by the pool, grills on the beach, waitresses bringing linen and china to your pool or beach chair from the restaurants if you prefer. They actually had chefs in toque's in a Kayak with plates in the pool serving guests. Bar service was strong. They pour Grey Goose, Crown, Chivas, Jack etc. You need to ask for it by name. If you want shots or frozen drinks they had tons served in appropriate hard plastic stemware for the pool. The beach is beautiful as is the pool. They have activities you can participate in or not. We saw a few wedding parties- no one loud or out of control. The best part of this property , by far is the staff. At no point during this stay did we encounter one person, from the maid to the waiters that was not friendly and truly accommodating. I have been hard pressed staying at 5 star properties paying much more than this to be able to say this. We made some different request about food, drinks etc and were always told yes of course. This was there the resort shined. They have picked and trained an excellent group. We tipped well - no one hung around or seemed to expect it, quite a few we had to call back to give them a tip. This is why the resort is 5 star in my view. The spa experience was also superb. My wife likes the Canyon spa ranch spas and felt this one was better. It was certainly beautiful. There is no question for the money SMB is an excellent choice and one I would return to. I do not think anyone could be disappointed here no matter the level of travel and service you are used to.