My husband and I just returned from an amazing 8 days at Secrets Maroma Beach from June 16th till the 23rd. We had been waiting months to go - even had to reschedule a previously booked April trip - and still, it was everything we hoped for. Of course, it isn't perfect - no resort is. Sometimes there were small hiccups but the amazing service we received made up for it. Let me first start off by staying this is my 3rd time to Mexico; My husband's second. We recently stayed at Excellence Riviera Cancun in Nov 2010 and so I will compare a lot of Secrets to there. We have also been to Excellence Punta Cana in 2007 and Sandals Montego Bay in 2009 for our honeymoon. So I think it is fair to say we have experience with all-inclusives. Once you turn off the main highway, you go down a few roads till you hit the road that leads to secrets. You would never know it was there - it is hidden back off the road. Once we walked in, we were greeted with a glass of champagne and towel. We met with the front desk to check in where we were informed we were upgraded to a preferred club room - I am not sure if we received all the preferred club benefits - maybe we did, but we were in the building. We had a soaking tub on our deck, which not every room did, but we ended up not even using it. Once we were done checking in, a women met us who started to talk about the "coupons". I knew this was the point they would start the timeshare ploy so my husband told her we were not interested in the coupons. She asked why not - that they didnt have anything to do with the timeshare but we still said no. She let up after that but asked us to sign a sheet saying we declined the coupons. I carefully read over it to make sure I wasnt signing anything else and we were on our way. In my opinion, this is one of the few negatives of the resort. She wasnt that pushy but it was a little ackward. We were able to get in our room right away and it was about 12:30 - we went up and found out they thought we were on our honeymoon - so we were greeted with a banner on the door and champagne in the room. We did some unpacking and quickly got in our bathing suits and headed to the beach. Secrets is a pretty easy to navigate - The main building has the lobby bar, lounge area and Japanese restaurant all on the same floor inside. Once you exit - at the second level, facing the ocean, you can turn right and walk down what I call "Restaurant Alley", which has the Mexican Restaurant, French Resturant, and Italian. Towards the left, you have the Coffee place, which had great coffee drinks all the time. Once you walk down the steps, you will see the World Cafe, towards your left is the gym, towards your right is the spa. There is a long walkway of fountains which lead to the pools and beach. These fountains turn into pools you can stick your feet into. This is the part of the landscape I didnt care for - I think if they did mostly pools, it would of been better utilized. Not many people hung around this area. As you continue walking, you will see on your right the beginning the the true pools, the barefoot grill, the pool side bar. You will also see the outdoor restaurants, the Seaside Grill and Steakhouse. As you make your way around the pools, you will see the pool with the swim up bar and the the infinity pool, which overlooks the ocean. There are two different ways to exit onto the beach - the walkway on the left, facing the ocean, is where you will find the Beach Swing Bar. The ocean, as others have described it, is amazing. Truely amazing. The water is clear, not too rough and very little seaweed. On a few days, we saw a little more seaweed wash up, but no where near as much as Excellence Riviera Cancun had. The hobies are a great time - take a ride if you can! I will now describe points that mattered to us that some have had various opinions on - Drinks - The drinks are wonderful - as strong as you would like it. Whenever I found it a little weak, I asked for more and got it. The pool service staff were constantly coming around and refilling your drinks. Sometimes I had another drink before I even asked for it, which might have been the reason we got a little tipsy every day! =) I will say they were make your drink with house liquor unless you say otherwise - just ask for what you want. - Lunch Food - I loved loved loved the lunchtime pool food. They had the Sushi guy come around at noon with all diferrent types of sushi and my husband and I would run over and pick some up. Later on, the taco cart would come around and they were great. They also butlered various hourdorves which we occassionly got. The barefoot grill had nachos, cheese, fajitas, etc, and a place to order burgers and chicken. - Room Service - we loved room service for breakfast - it came within 30 minutes and we got the continental breakfast alot - It included a hot pot of coffee, OJ, Mimosas, Toast, muffins and pastries, Fresh Fruit, etc. The world cafe had the full breakfast which we enjoyed - the french toast was fluffy and the mimosas were great! Dinner - a ton to choose from, our favorite was the Japanese for the Sushi. We also loved the Italian - the lasagne was delicious! The french was good as well. The portions arent very big but you get so many courses, that it is more than enough. We got the house merlot for dinner and it was pretty good. The mexican show and dinner was a lot of fun. The pool during the day is where the party is at. If you like to socialize, this is the place for you. If you prefer it to be more laid back, the beach chairs are best. The chairs are very comfy with the cushions. Here is a quick Comparison of ERC as compared to SMB Beach - SMB - hands down. The water is nicer to look at and swim in. Pools - I am going to say overall, SMB as I found ERC to not be as nice (They didnt feel that clean to me). However, the amount of pool area and the ability to float around is amazing at ERC. Chairs - Spacing - I loved how the Chairs were more spaced at ERC. It was alot more private Chairs - Comfort - SMB - the cushions were great. Room - SMB - As I like more modern spaces and the bed is much more comfy. however, counterspace is more limited at SMB Lobby Bar - ERC - the lobby bar is more grand here and they made a better expresso martini. The service was what made this place so incredible. Constantly, you heard "Welcome Home" and "It's my pleasure". Our building concierge would always check in and made sure our luggage was taken up for us. The one pool waitress was so on top of it and even gave me a hug goodbye! My husband and I tipped but saw lots of people who didn't. We just prefer taking care of the people who take care of us. I don't think it decreased the service you received if you didn't but at times, I think it helped as people are people. I could keep going on but I am running out of steam. Please find me if you have any further questions!