We have just returned from our two week honeymoon at the Secrets Maroma hotel. From the moment we arrived, we knew it was going to be something special and that we were in for a treat...we were not wrong! We truly cannot fault anything and cannot recommend this place highly enough. Book a holiday here and you will not be disappointed. The staff simply could not do enough for us and went out of their way for us, from the waiters in the restaurants, to the room service staff to the drinks waiters round the pool who spent all day running around bringing us cocktails / canapes and generally just ensuring that we didn't need to lift a finger while we lay on our loungers. And it was definitely all service with a smile. The hotel itself is very grand and impressive and is spotless throughout. Our suite was gorgeous - extremely generously sized with a huge comfy four-poster bed, jacuzzi bath and nice big balcony. The maids came and did our room twice a day, once in a morning to clean, and once at night to turn down our bed for us, draw the curtains round it and sometimes leave rose petals on it too, as well as the usual chocolates and an information sheet for the next day, listing all the activities / weather forecast etc. We loved staying by the pool areas in the day, which had a great atmosphere, with music playing in the background, big comfy sun loungers or double bed type loungers if you wanted them, staff on hand to get you everything you wanted and a great swim up pool bar. The infinity pool was particularly picturesque, with the beach right next to it so you could lean over the side with your cocktail and watch the waves coming up on the beach only a few metres away. If you are not the sunbathing type, then there was an abundance of activities on offer such as volleyball, water aerobics, beach football, kayaking etc etc. The entertainments team were all great fun and good at getting everyone involved and getting to know people in each team. You could get free massages by the pool every day too. There was also a great poolside grill/bbq that we went to everyday for lunch, which served the most delicious freshly caught fish, as well as huge burgers, racks of ribs, marinated chicken and lots of other tempting dishes. And waiters also came round to your lounger with little cooking trollies offering up fresh paella or tacos too, both of which were equally good. The seven restaurants are all top notch and we were superbly looked after in each and every one. As an example of the food on offer, one night in the Oceana fish restaurant, I ordered a fantastic mussels dish for starters and my other half ordered a squid and octopus dish, which was extremely impressive and very tasty. For our main, we ordered surf and turf, which was a perfectly cooked giant fillet steak, served with shrimps and baby lobster, as well as whichever vegetables you choose off the menu. Definitely worth a try. In the Mexican restaurant, the manager gave us a private tequila tasting session one night of all their best tequilas (they were actually really quite nice and not as awful as you would think!) and in the French restaurant one night, my other half couldn't decide what to have, so they literally brought him two starters and two desserts so he could try them all !! I could go on, but I think that anyone who has read this review so far can see how impressed we were with literally everything, and I haven't even mentioned the perfect beach yet! The attention to the finest detail at this hotel is second to none, and will leave you feeling extremely satisfied with your choice of holiday. Everyone we spoke to while we were there also felt the same. So thank you very much to all of the staff at the Secrets Maroma for making our honeymoon so special. Despite this glowing review, I still don't feel I have done our experience justice.