When we arrived we were welcomed with champagne cookies and a cold towel. We were able to check in even though it was 11 am and check in wasn't until 3. They handed up pagers and said that we could go eat and swim as we pleased, and that our pagers would go off as soon as our rooms were ready. They even moved our room closer to another couple we traveled with. It wouldn't have mattered if they didn't because we were with a large wedding party but they still did. Once we got our room it was amazing. The swim out pool was a little grimy at the bottom but that's probably because of all the palm trees and plants we still got in and it was no big deal. No one else was ever in it so it was like we had it to ourselves. One great thing about dining was that you didn't need reservations unless it was for hibachi, although they did have a hard time seating larger parties which is probably un- common. Some of the service was slow because of all the courses dinner would last about 3 hours. No complaints about the food every thing was delicious. Room service always took about 30-45 minutes and the club sand which on the menu was amazing. They even have a little cubby to put your stuff when your finished or room service will get it. I think my only complaint about the resort was the doors didn't seem to block out much sound. If we were napping during the day and they were refilling the mini bars if sounded like they were clanking glass bottles in our room. & although this is a very quiet and relaxing place there was one night at 2 am where a group was walking by and being very loud at the other end of the building and I felt like they were right outside our door. I am a light sleeper when on vacation which is what made it hard to sleep with people walking around Other then that we loved it. I think they should invest in thicker doors. As much as you can hear in you can hear out and there are so many honeymooners there. Not something you want to hear passing by. I highly suggest it, and I will go again or possibly to another secrets resort because the service was amazing.