We stayed at this resort from June 4th though the 11th. We had preferred club Ocean Front. From the moment we arrived until the moment we departed our expectations were exceeded. The express check in was great. We got a time share pitch briefly in the preferred club but simply said we weren't interested and after a second attempt the guy gave up. That was the last we heard about it during our stay. The room was always kept clean and tidy by the maid staff. Our fridge was stocked daily. The 6 restaraunts were excellent. We didn't try the Mexican but heard it was very good from the other guests. Sergio, Luis and Antonio at the Oceana were outstanding. Jessica our concierge (bldg 27) went out of her way to be helpful and though the sign said she worked from 8am to 5 pm I saw her there every night until 7pm. Anything we asked for, she took care of it. Valeria our wedding coordinator was fantastic, sweet and capable. The hour of music we paid for didn't last an hour and the system kept shorting out during the couple songs they did play, but overall, they more than made up for it with other touches they didn't charge for. The beach was great. We had excellent service on the beach with drinks and food. We never got thirsty or hungry the entire time. We really enjoyed ourselves. The only 2 issues I saw or experienced that could be improved on is mainly due to poor behavior on the guests not the hotel. In one case, people were eating cheeseburgers while walking through the pool. I found this to be a recipe for disaster and unthoughful. They should not allow people to eat in the pool. Second, during our dinner in the French resturaunt a drunk group insisted they make room for more of their friends, which was first denied. Upon loud complaining and promises of good tips, they were allowed to add more drunks to their table. So we had 8 drunk 30 somethings at the table next to us drowing out our conversation. The management asked them several times to keep it down and they refuse. At this point I fully expected them to be asked to leave but they were allowed to interrupt everyone elses dinner rather than be asked to leave. We eventually got another table far away from them. The food at the breakfast buffet was just ok. I never waited in line for a fresh made omelette so that is my fault, but nothing earth shattering there. But the French, Italian, Sea food, steak and Japanese place were better than expected. The bed was very comfortable, the hot water more than adequate, the hotel itself spotless..