Firstly, the only downsides I could think of: 1)The pizza could have been better 2)A lot of the deserts were similar, and lacking rich fudgyness or whatever. Apart from those points, I can't believe why anyone would rate this hotel less than 'Excellent'. The amount of staff constantly work, bringing you food, wanting to bring you drinks, setting up the nights entertainment, taking somebody's room service across the hotel, its amazing they make a profit. They couldn't give you enough drink and food. The cocktails consistant, very tasty and there are plenty types (Flamingo and Mango tango were favourites). The food in the restaurants is different from the buffet and very specialist, sometimes portions are a little small (because its very posh and well presented) but we just went to another one or got some room service. We went to the Italian 4 times (needless to say it was our favourite), in the steakhouse, the Kobe steak was absolutely gorgeous!!! During the day, the buffet is awesome and the poolside grill is just what you want, hotdogs, burgers, fish, fries, etc. The staff are constantly friendly, and not one person hung around for a tip, we had to run after a few to make sure they took it. They cannot do enough for you. The pool games are fun and you feel very welcome to join in. For the fellow British reader, we didn't think much to the rep (Thomas Cook), she talked up the excursions a little too much, which just left us a little disappointed on the Whale Sharks (We did Turltes + Cenotes :-), Whale Sharks :-|, Coba, :-) and CocoBongos :-)). She was also rarely available, just after turning up she would have to leave because she was late....well plan more time at each hotel then! The tour guides on the excursions were really excellent, knowledgable, multi-lingual and friendly. The pictures on the website, don't really do it justice (pool area is much bigger in real life), but it also doesn't show that there are a hell of alot more sunbeds around the pool, its alot more crowded, but I still liked it. Some days you could walk down at 10am and still get a great place. I would absolutely stay in a Secrets hotel again, not that I could afford it outside of my Honeymoon. Mostly its all the little things that they do, which made it absolutely brilliant as apposed to just really really excellent.