This is our second time at secrets and things improved while others have not. Few touches have made things better and some things have not changed. Here is the rundown: 1) Swim outs rooms now offer some privacy with bamboo coverings. Before there was none. One problem, if you have a noisy neighbor you hear everything and they also can swim by your room and leave empty beer cans around. Not really worth the money spent. 2) There is more overhead coverage when you are walking to restaurants to shield you from the sun. 3) Turndown service: Hit or miss. 4) Restaurants: Bordeaux: Great ( go for the baby lobster tails and mussels ), Portofino: Great: especially "make your own pasta dish ", World Cafe: Great: Fantastic breakfast buffet set-up. Oceana : Hit or miss, Seaside grill: hit or miss, El Mexicano: Good not great. 5) Mosquito's: There are now leaving insect repellent in the rooms. When you go out after 6pm, its bad. especially if you decide to eat outdoors or even worse if you go to the theater for their shows. You will be eaten alive !! ( remember you are in the jungle ) so wear repellant or wear bug bands. 6) Spa: fantastic, don't forget to use your discount coupons when you check in you can use up to $40 per person on treatments. 7) The beach: It was heaven and the service was great. sand was like powder and the water clear with schools of angle fish . 8) The grounds are now lush and green vs. before was barren. We even saw a cousin of the racoon walking in the open and a white monkey. 9) Archery and rifle shooting: Its not indoors and equipment is old. Rifle shooting is actually shooting BB's from a BB rifle into a piece of paper that had a target made from a marker ?? ( invest in a indoor center ) or a indoor golf simulator trust me it will be popular. The biggest issue: No a/c in lobby or restaurants. They have the thermostat set at 76 degrees and low when the temp. outside is 95 + and with the humidity making it over 100 !!! only when a couple of guests were going to the medical office from heat exhaustion ( on our last night ) they lowered the temp to 73 but again low. get rid of the " so called VIP " person going over your discount coupons and then hitting you with a pitch to try there other resorts ( do I hear time share ) for 90 minutes of your vacation time . Last but not least: Do something about the entrance off the highway: You first have to go through a gate that leads to a un-paved road that you feel like your going off-roading and then finally you get a paved road that is un-even ?? then finally you reach another giant gate that reminds me of the first " Jurassic Park movie "