I attended Secrets Maroma Beach with my wife and family for my brother-in-law's wedding. We were at the resort from June 8th-15th, 2011. I have been to three all inclusive resorts over the last 2 years, and I have to say, this is the most amazing one! THE RESORT & THE ROOM: The resort itself is emaculate. The grounds are kept clean and tidy. The plant life is well maintained. We stayed on the 4th floor of Building 12 and had a full ocean view. It was amazing and very relaxing. The room was spacious and clean, the bed was very comfortable, and the mini fridge was packed with ice cold Cokes and Corona's. Maid service and fridge service was always prompt and answered to our every need. Of note, we ordered room service on two occasions. Room service was always prompt and arrived within 30 minutes of our order. However, word to the wise: do not leave your plates in the room. You will attract an army of ants (which can be expected for any tropical resort in a jungle). Place the plates back into the "Secrets Box" or into the hallway and they will promptly be taken away. I need to make it clear, though: we did not have any insect problems in the room. No ants were visible after we removed the plates (trust me, we searched high and low). THE DINING: I'll tell you right now, the dining experience at this resort is amazing. We tried every restaurant on site and enjoyed all but one. World Cafe: Great buffet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Lots of fresh and hot food for you to enjoy. El Patio: Delicious Mexican cuisine. Deffinately try the lobster tacos! Himitsu: A great Japanese dining experience. A wide selection of sushi. Seaside Grill: We ate lunch here 4 our of our 7 days. Burgers, chicken, sushi, soup... whatever you want. You can go to this place with your swimwear on (as long as you are wearing a top). Oceana: This is the one restaurant we did not enjoy. We found the food to be bland and undercooked. The staff at this restaurant did seem uncaring. Portofino: The on-site Italian restaurant had a wide variety of classic and adventurous meal choices. A special note: try to be served by Manuel here. He is a great waiter and made us laugh hysterically. Bordeaux: The French restaurant - our ABSOLUTE FAVOURITE. If it is not on the menu, ask for the lobster tails. The best meal we have ever had. We were served here by Damien, who was an incredible waiter and has exceptional skills when it comes to customer service. CoCo Cafe: A Mexican take on Starbucks - loved it! Barefoot Grill: Right near the pool, come as you are. Burgers, fries, ice cream... whatever you want to munch on between swimming sessions. THE BOOZE SELECTION: Out of control. They have all of the top shelf brands: Captain Morgan (Dark, White, Spiced), Absolute, Jose, etc, etc. They have a complete selection of fine Mexican beers as well as classic Budweiser options. THE POOL: Clean with plenty of pool chairs / sun umbrellas. THE BEACH: I cannot express in words how amazing the beach is at this resort. Soft sand, plenty of chairs, and crystal clear waters. When you walk out into the water, you can see the tropical fish swimming around you. It is amazing. Free snorkling and boating are available. Your drinks will never run empty before you find your beach server bringing you another glass. THE ENTERTAINMENT: There was some good entertainment, and some bad... they have a little something for everybody. CONCLUSION: A fantastic place to stay, and my wife and I can't wait to return. If you have any specific questions, please don't hesitate to write me.