I got married at Secrets Maroma on the beach!! It was Amazing!! It was even better than planned! Cecilia was a good wedding cordinator, I basically told her what I wanted and she made it happen, like a mayan dancer and a cigar roller!! Service at this resort was perfect, I can honestly say we always had a drink in our hands, and always approached to make sure we were comfortable. They even have people walk around the beach with food on trays, and you can try food you've never had before, like seafood pizza!! Their food is amazing, usually the all inclusive resorts I've been too, their food is okay but has no taste. But this place the food was beautiful, amazing and flavorful, tons of great options, even sushi!! FYI you need a reservation for the Habachi tables not for the regular tables!! So get sushi as often as you like!! I think I ate about 6 times a day, and they have wonderful room service, you can order room service at any time, and the food is really good, I recommend their club sandwhich and chicken fajitas!! The scenery was beautiful, as you can tell from their website!! The pools and the swim up bar were a lot of fun. The bartenders were alway nice and most of them make their drinks strong, and I'm not a lite drinker!! Overall we had a great experience at this resort!! There are only a few things that I need to warn you about. I did a lot of excursions, when we booked them we were never told how far the drive would be, when we would get back to the resort, if they would feed us, some require a special sunscreen. So just make sure you ask those questions when you book it. And also if there are options in your excursion, for example we booked an amazing excursion called Jim's ATVs. The person we booked with never told us we had an option to zipline or snorkel there as well. Instead he choose for us without telling us and found out when we got there. But it was an easy fix. Also when we checked out of the resort, they billed us for something we never had done, and they charged us double for the price of our wine from what the wedding cordinator stated. Since both errors were in the wedding department, and the wedding cordinator was not on the property, we had to check out without fixing the bill and take care of it when we got home!! We were in their office for over an hour and missed out on breakfast to get to the airport. It's just sad that we had an amazing time and left with problems.