First I would like to commend Michael McHugh from Dream Makers Vacation Services for doing an outstanding job coordinating this flawless dream vacation. He was able to get us the room and floor of our choice along with an anniversary gift. Michael knew how special this vacation was as we were celebrating our 30th Anniversary. He went above and beyond any travel agent and web site that we have delt with in the past by providing travel tips and his professional guidence. Now the resort: All the positive reviews written about Secrets Maroma Beach on Trip Advisor in the past are as true as true gets, so I will try to keep this as short as possible.Trip Advisor is a great tool. From arrival to departure Secrets Maroma Beach is the best so far. We have gone to four different Sandals with in the past 4 years and this vacation to Secrets Maroma Beach has made us realize that there is better out there. "The Secret is out". You get more for less. Everything went very smooth, we checked in at 2:30PM and we were un-packed and in our bathing suits (pool side) with cocktails in hand by 3:30pm. This resort is spotless. I can not think of one negitive thing to write about. All the employee's at Secrets Maroma Beach are super human beings. A BIG shout out to Jamie at the pool.... you are an awesome person. I had a good time sharing our family stories and cultures with you. We were very happy to see how hard Jamie and Kevin work keeping everyone from consuming/ reserving all the chairs and floats before 10:30am.This is a GREAT policy that Secrets Maroma has and it should be shared with other top resorts as a lessons learned that we the guests really appreciate. At other resorts it sucks to get up at 6am to get a chair by the pool/beach. Secrets made this problem go away and we commend you for it. This is one of many reasons I will be returning to Secrets Maroma Beach. Their goal is to help, please and work very hard for their guests (all of us). They all do that with a smile and say "it's my pleasure". This includes management as well (:-). The Beach is stunning, the pools are clean and the food is incredible. The entertainment staff did an excellent job keeping everyone involved and did not pressure anyone who didn't want to. Hola Lilly.....Once again the employee's make this place what it is (#1) and what you have read on Trip Advisor is so true. It was a great (dream) vacation and I would recommend Secrets Maroma Beach to anyone at anytime. We rate Secrets Maroma Beach as an 11 (1 = poor and 10 = outstanding), their service far exceeds any all inclusive that we have been to thus far. In closing, I want to Thank ALL the staff at Secrets Maroma Beach for one of the best vacations ever. Alex, Lilly,Sab and Jesus.... you can rock with "lil Wayne" anytime playing volleyball (:-).