This resort is better than the Sandals resort vacation we stayed at in Jamaica. The service is the best we've ever experienced. They were quick, friendly, and never a trace of attitude. We never got the guilt trip vibe of "give me a tip" because I'm a poor (fill in the blank). Though we did tip for roomservice and the servers at the pool areas, because frankly they darned well deserved it. Bartenders, servers, maids, etc., all had perfect personal grace and so many times we heard them say "It's my pleasure." My husband and I can't wait to go back! The resort is beautiful, we spent a week there and felt like we were in paradise. We ate breakfast every morning at the World Cafe. Everything from made to order omelets, to crepes, to sushi (for breakfast!) You've gotta try the Mayan pancakes and the coconut ice cream. The whole atmosphere is tropical elegance. Sometimes we sat outside under the shaded patio and enjoyed the gorgeous garden vista, listening to birds singing. Then other times we sat inside and comtemplated the Mimosa and Bloody Mary station for after breakfast. Our favorite restaurant for dinner was the giant palapa-roofed Oceana, where we had views of the beach while enjoying the elegant seafood and steak atmosphere inside. A very talented Mariachi band roamed the perimeters; their vocal harmonizing was beautiful! Then there wa s the Tortuga beachside bar - right at the beach. We sat in swings instead of barstools, feeling the ocean breeze in our hair, and sipped frosty drinks while digging our toes in the pure white sugar-sand. We were amazed that the sand wasn't scorching hot on our feet along the beach. They said it was because it's coral-based sand and doesn't absorb heat like regular sand. In the early evening when we would pop back to the room for a change of clothes or whatever, the maid (whose name was Mario!) would have arranged a bath towel in the shape of a heart on our beautiful 4-poster bed and rose petals scattered on the bedspread. So romantic, we felt like honeymooners. We had the Partial Ocean View Jr. Suite, which had a jacuzzi between the bed and shower area. The room decor was natural marble tile, dark wood and light fabrics which was very soothing and seductive when coming in from the bright sunshine and heat outside. We went to the spa and it was wonderful, the staff showed us how to use the water circuit. But beware the "cold therapy pool" it's freezing! The only problem was that the air conditioning in the main lobby was broken. We wanted to shop in the Gift Shop but the heat was unbearable. The guest services representatives that are forced to sit all day at their desks in that heat deserve a medal in my opinion. The resort MUST DO something about the broken AC in the lobby! Other than that, this is a paradise. We heard other guests say "this place blows any Sandals away." We want to go to another Secrets resort, but this one will be hard to top!