Well, we just got back this afternoon and we didn't want to leave. Now we're ready to book for next year. I've read months of reviews prior to our going so please know that these are our observations and everyone's preferences are different. The property is off the richter scale in beauty. All the pictures are exactly how it looks, however, the pictures don't do it justice ! If you like this type luxury, the swim up room is the only way to go. We loved it. Great place to unwind after being at the beach/pool all day. The food is in great abundance everywhere you go. We did room service quite a bit and it was great. We had a really delicious rib eye steak one evening and we were quite partial to the chicken wings as well. It was always delivered in a timely fashion and was hot. I could easily become a "room service snob!!" As for the room, our one and only wish is that it was cooler. We were told that the thermostat was as low as it would go. There was a ceiling fan but it was over the seating area, not the bed. I can't rave on enough about the entire experience. We met quite a few people and it seemed they were of the same mind and were anxious to be able to return. Our new found friends, Fiona (sorry on the spelling) and her husband, Gordon were there from Scotland. Thanks again for the book. Hope to see you again next June. Overall the food was very good. We would skip the French on the return trip. The out door Mexican buffet was just marginal but the entertainment was very good. World Cafe for breakfast in amazing. If you're a coffee drinker be prepared for a very stout brew. The drinks are all very tasty as well. We did find though that the pool/beach wait service wasn't quite as attentive as others had written and we were tipping bills every time they came. Was a little surprised about that. Don't get me wrong, we never went dry. We also did the preferred club which we very much enjoyed and would do it again. Is it worth the extra $$, we thought so but you could easily do without as well. Again, personal preference. The whole Apple experience at the airport and getting to from was very smooth and appreciated. If you're looking for a "party place" atmosphere, look further, this is not your resort. While there was hoopla and big fun around the main pool and swim up bar during the day, it's mainly a laid back chill out resort. If that's what you like, book it and don't wait. I would suggest that you take some type of thermal insulated mug that you can stick a straw in the top. Great for holding drinks colder much longer as they start melting and warming up almost right away. We were glad to have them and they would just put our drink right into our mugs. Very convenient. The only other suggestion is for the swim up rooms. Do yourself a big favor and ask your housekeeping personnel to leave you several extra bathroom mats. Put one right out on the patio where you come out of the pool and another directly inside the door where you come in. It was a biggie as the tile floors gets really slick. That would ruin a perfectly wonderful vaca. Lastly, I took along a small little night light that I plugged into the bathroom. Helped for those late night calls of nature to see a little where you were going without having to light the place up. Fabiola did a fabulous job of taking care of building 16. We had no trouble whatsoever with our water temperature and pressure in the shower. As well, we saw no brown water as others have stated. If you're thinking about an all inclusive, this is the cadillac of the line. One last important comment. Several people had carried on about how terrible the house wine was. I can only imagine they are very picky. I had the house red numerous times and it was JUST FINE. As well, several others that had the white said the same thing. If you're a big wine specialist, I suggest you go to Napa Valley instead.