My wife and I just returned from our 5th Anniversary trip at SMB. We had a terrific time and we're really sad to have to leave. That being said, I wanted to point out both the pros and cons from our perspective. Many of the reviews on TA, I've found, heap praise and fall back on generic accounts like "it was paradise" and "heaven on Earth," which, to my mind, isn't very helpful when planning a vacation. Some background: this is my 3rd stay at an AI and my wife's 2nd. We stayed at Sandals Ocho Rios for our honeymoon, and found it enjoyable though lacking in luxury and quality a bit. We are not overly picky or hard-to-please people (promise!), but we wanted to give our honest assessment a few of the minor annoyances we encountered just to counter some of the overly fawning reviews. Check-in: We arrived 3 hours before our designated check-in time but were told to go enjoy the facilities and come back, which was fine by us! We arrived 45 minutes after our check-in time and the room still wasn't ready. To make up for this, we were offered additional spa credits, which are really spa coupons that only cover a portion of the services. Thus, we didn't use them. Again, this was only a minor nuisance. Room: We spent very little time in the room (Oceanview, 4th floor, building 24, closest to preferred club without the upcharge), but found the bed to be comfy (on the firm side, a plus for me), the room to be well-appointed and comfortable. However, the room was a bit on the warm side. We set the thermostat to 65F, but the temp in the room never dipped below 75F, according to the gauge. I was told by another guest at the property that the A/C in the rooms are on a motion sensor to control costs. I did notice that the A/C seemed to kick on right after we entered the door, but I'm no expert in the department... Only after coming in from the heat outside did we find the room uncomfortable. I like to enter a frozen cave after being out in the sun for an extended period of time! :) The oceanview from the 4th floor did indeed allow us to see the ocean, but the sand was obscured by trees. Thus, you see the ocean, but you miss the waves rolling over and breaking. At night, however, you get a gorgeous view of the resort lit up, which was great. If it rains, though, the 4th floor rooms have a thatched-style roof that, even with a heavy rubber tiling place above it, ensures you will be wet if you try to remain on the balcony. Another minor quibble: this rubber sheet often allowed for wind to enter below and cause it to slam down on the room, creating some slightly annoying noise. Again, this wasn't a big deal to us since we spent so little time in the room. Sidenote: when we arrived, I began to think we made a mistake by not booking a swim-out room, which look impressive. However, over the course of 5 days, we saw only 2 couples using their swim-outs. Thus, I'm guessing--and only guessing--that people wind up not using them as much as they might think. Restaurants: I consider myself something of a "foodie" and, overall, I was very impressed with the food, especially the dinner options. El Patio, the Mexican restaurant, served the best soup I've ever eaten in my life: a creamy tortilla soup with cascabel chili and cheese. Moreover, I was really pleased to see that there were a couple of options for more "adventurous" diners. I had a salad with smoked grasshoppers and beef tongue tacos, which were really tasty. Also highly recommended is the Italian restaurant, which was top-notch as well. There were some consistency issues, though. Some of the food came out WAY too salty. Also, my wife ordered a steak at the poolside restaurant for lunch and it came out gray in color and overcooked, which suggests that the grill or pan wasn't hot enough to sear the meat properly. These were exceptions to the rule, though. Room Service: This was our first stay at a resort where room service was included in the AI price, which we took advantage of a number of times. Food was only so-so. I ordered buffalo wings, which turned out to be fried chicken wings with no sauce or seasoning of which to speak. However, we thought the breakfast options were really good and the Secrets Box a welcome addition. In short, room service is very convenient when you want a snack while getting ready for the evening or are just to relaxed to bother getting up for breakfast. But, keep in mind, the food isn't nearly the quality you will find at the restaurants. Another plus: we order drinks to be delivered to the room several times, and the staff happily obliged. Resort layout: From the lobby area looking outward, the resort is heavy on concrete, as others have pointed out. That being said, SMB is a very small resort, and we loved how the pool became the centerpiece of the place. We would hang by the pool and see friends we made as they came in from the beach and vice-versa. The size of the resort made it really easy to see familiar faces during your stay. This, I think, is the resort's greatest plus. Beach: As noted practically everywhere, the beach at SMB is beautiful, with clear water, no rocks, great sand, and large enough for long walks in either direction. Beach bar staff and waitresses were SUPER attentive and bend over backwards for you, especially if you tip them a few bucks. Pool: Plenty of chairs everywhere, but they are a hot commodity the closer to the ocean, infinity pool, and swim-up bar that you get. It was our #1 favorite place to lounge. Entertainment: Options during the day were less exciting than those at night. We had 1.5 rainy days during our stay, and the staff did their best to keep things exciting (bartending contest, which my wife won!) and they were all so friendly and attentive. Big thumbs up to Marcelo, Alex, Lily, and Enzo, who were a blast to be around. Internet Access: Expensive. There is a business center with free internet, but their microphones didn't function well, which means Skype was an impossibility. A waitress told us we could request cards from the front desk daily that granted us 60 minutes of free wifi access daily, but this is (apparently) a little known fact. These cards can be used in the lobby or on a laptop on your room. (Preferred Club gets free wifi). Booze: We saw several people order Gray Goose vodka (not on display) and they received it. Thus, the higher-end stuff is there; you simply have to ask for it by name. I thought all bartenders were superb. As a beer lover, I was highly pleased to see that they had Negra Modelo on draft at most of the bars. Pool and beachside, drinks were served in transparent, plastic containers appropriate to the drink style (high ball, rocks, daquiri, etc.), which was great compared to Sandals, which gave us everything in red pebled plastic cups that resembled those I had in my middle school cafeteria. Overall: For the money, I thought SMB beat the pants off of the other places I stayed. The other guests were so much fun, the entertainment was great, food was top-notch (if somewhat inconsistent), and the staff was extraordinarily attentive. Despite my minor quibbles, I wouldn't hesitate to go back. Many people I spoke with who had stayed at other resorts said the same thing that I heard on TA forums: that SMB and Excellence were comparable, with EPM having better rooms, pools, and facilities, while SMB has better staff and much better beach. If I were to return, I would consider trying EPM and let price by guide, to be honest. None of the minuses listed here were major detriments to my trip, which I consider to be the best vacation I've ever had. Again, I just wanted to toss those out there so that other might be able to make a more informed choice for their vacations. Hope this helps. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.