This was our 4th trip to Mexico and we are so pleased we chose Secrets Maroma on this occasion. The transfer from the airport to the hotel is approx 25 minutes. The hotel is set back from the main road, which takes about 5/10 minutes to get to. From the outside, it doesn't look much, but as soon as you get into the main foyer, it is lovely. We checked in and was directed to the VIP desk, where we were invited to attend a travel sure presentation the next day, in return we received $200 spa coupon, we didn't mind, and if funds were available, we would have taken the offer up!! We were taken to our room - garden view in block 15 - we could just see the pool area across the Jungle, it was lovely. The room was spacious and very clean - can't say we had turn down service every night, but that was OK, we could do that ourselves. The air conditioning in the room wasn't great, to be honest - but that just didn't seem to matter, everything else was just perfect. The beach was fantastic, we took a walk one day, turning left first we walked to the Marina, and past Eldoro Maroma Adults only, that was the furthist point you could get to - this took us about 40 minutes there and 40 minutes back, taking a nice slow walk, dipping in and out of the beautiful clear warm water. In the afternoon, we decided to take another walk, this time turning right, we walked for a good hour there and an hour back, this took us to the furthist point seen from Secrets Maroma hotel, we could have walked much further that this, but we only took one bottle of water with us and believe me it was hot!! The waiter service on the beach - great, they all work so hard keeping the guests refreshed and even bringing food out on the beach. The restaurants - all very nice, we enjoyed the steak house - in particular the rib eye steak was beautiful, Oceano - wonderful, the mexican - delicious, Italian - outstanding, french - great, world cafe - fantastic. The bar - the barmen, all very friendly - but I must say the air conditioning NEEDS to be fixed, it was so hot in the lobby - poor workers were perspiring. The staff at Secrets were all very friendly - they helped us develop our spanish skills - my partner is quite fluent now on how to say good morning/afternoon/evening, hello and good. Would we go there again - absolutely.