My boyfriend and I stayed for a week in the middle of May and had a very relaxing time. We arrived on Sunday, around 11 AM and our room wasn't ready. This was to be expected, though, because check in was 3 pm and we were early. They checked us in (no one approached us about a time share tour but we did see many, many people touring the resort during our stay. We wondered if this was the time share tour everyone has been talking about) and gave us a buzzer. We were starving but a bit early for lunch, so we had yummy drinks at the lobby bar and I grabbed a muffin from the cafe and we waited for lunch. When the World Cafe opened we headed down and had lunch. Towards the end, our buzzer went off and we happily got up and headed back to the lobby. When we got there, though, we were told our room was still not ready. No explanation, just confusion. So we sat in the very hot lobby and waited more! I was worried that something was wrong so I approached the concierge and she was very helpful and found us a room in a different building so we could get moving. We had a partial ocean view on the 2nd floor in building 25. Definitely couldn't see anything but trees and a tiny sliver of the ocean, but again, that was to be expected because that's what we booked! We were upgraded to the preferred club building and we loved being towards the end of the resort...it was very quiet there. Room was great-very clean and well maintained. We had no problem with the open bathroom set up, but if you are there with someone other than a significant other, I suppose it could be awkward. Loved the secret's box for room service! Whenever we ordered it came promptly and was good. Always had turn down service, except the nights we were exhausted from doing nothing all day and came back early and turned on the privacy light. Even then, the Sundial was always put in our Secrets Box for the next day. Perfect. The resort itself is very pretty and very clean. The grounds are lush and green...with some resident iguanas around the pool and some interesting (and loud!) birds. It was so nice to walk around at night when the sun set and early morning walks on the beach were great. We literally spent the first 5 days sitting under our palapa on the beach. It was amazing how fast time went when we did nothing! No watches, no cell phones, just us and the beach. The beach is glorious! White, soft sand, and blue, clear water. What more could you ask for? It looks exactly like the pictures. We would get up, by bf would hit the gym and I'd take a walk, grab some breakfast and head down to grab chairs around 9 am. No problem whatsoever getting a chair or a palapa on the beach as long as you were there before 11 am. The pool looked like more of a challenge but we didn't try because we were there for the beach. Service was great. We ate lunch right on the beach each day either the food they cooked on the beach, grabbing tacos from the taco cart by the pool YUM) or the pool grill. They were tough days...we would go from our chairs, to the water, to our chairs and repeat. I had thought about leaving the resort before we arrived, but once there, I didn't want to leave the beach! We thought about trying some of the boats available, but decided we didn't want to fry in the hot sun out on the water. We kept saying we would go later in the day, but we just never did....that beach just sucked you in! Food was good. The breakfast buffet had a large assortment of food, everything you could imagine. Lunch was fun because you could eat right on the beach or from your pool chair...of if you preferred to throw clothes on, the buffet at the World Cafe or a la carte at Oceana. For dinner, we ate at most of the specialty buffets (which I liked better than the restaurants. They had a Mexican fiesta with Mariachi and show, a BBQ dinner, and a Fire and Ice buffet and show which we enjoyed. This surprised me because I'm not a big buffet person, but the food was good and liked being able to try a variety of foods!) and every restaurant except for the Japanese. We liked everything we tried. The sit down restaurants take awhile for dinner...the service is wonderful, though and we enjoyed the food. It's not gourmet but it's good. We loved the fact that men could wear shorts at the outdoor restaurants or if you sat on the patio for the other restaurants. We just didn't want to get too dressed up after being in the heat all day. Great idea, Secrets! Portions are smaller than you would get in a restaurant in the US, but they were more than enough for us. I will say that the food didn't always agree with me, but for the most part it tasted good! We did get a little sick one night, but it passed by the next day. Drinks were good. If you thought they were too weak, just tell your server and they upped the alcohol level. I thought they were strong enough, but my bf likes a crazy strong drink and he eventually managed to get what he wanted. He felt that if you could see them making your drink you tended to get exactly what you wanted. But, really, drinks were fine...who could drink that much all day long anyway?? I asked for specific alcohol in my drinks...but honestly, I couldn't even tell you if I got it! The last couple of days became very windy with blowing sand and rougher water on the beach. So, we switched to the pool. The pool chairs are much more comfortable than the beach chairs! The beach chairs definitely need to be upgraded. The pool is beautiful too and we especially liked the infinity pool. Service is wonderful around the pool too. My only complaint is that on our last day, there was a large group of adults (over 50) that were extremely loud and obnoxious and didn't seem to care that there were other people staying at the resort who were not in their group. It did seem like the pool bar got loud and rowdy so we sat away from there. But, this had nothing to do with the resort, itself! My entire plan was to sit on the beach, read, and relax, and I accomplished this! Silly me, I only packed one book! Secrets to the rescue..they had a large bookshelf at the Sugar Reef bar with a variety of books you could borrow. I went through about 4 and was so grateful I found the shelf. We did not participate in activities...just didn't feel like getting up! I think that at this resort you could be as active or in-active as you wanted. It's really what you make of it. This was our first visit to an all-inclusive, so we don't have anything to compare it to. I believe we went with reasonable expectations (we knew we would not have gourmet food at an all-inclusive) and Secrets met or exceeded them. I can't say enough about the service. Everyone we met was wonderful, friendly, and attentive. I barely spent 2 minutes trying to put up the pool umbrella before one of the pool attendants came over and asked if he could kindly do his job and put it up for me :-) Everyone seems genuinely happy to help. They work so hard so we tipped our servers at the beach, pool, and dinner. We talked to other guests (all the guests we talked to were friendly and nice, too) and many said this was the best all-inclusive they've been to. We had one bad day. We booked a snorkel tour through Amstar two days in advance. Around the day we book, the weather started to get extremely windy. The day before our trip, we heard other snorkel trips were being canceled due to the weather. Ours was not canceled but should have been. To make a long story short, because of the high winds, the water was murky and had a strong current. Not only could we not see much, but many people got sea sick (including us) and it was dangerous. One woman threw up while swimming in the water. I was so sick I had to head back to shore between snorkel spots. Upon returning, we had to return to our room to lay down and feel better. So, it effectively ruined an entire day. When I told the Amstar rep about this, he agreed it was dangerous and then basically brushed me off. He said he would email his supervisor and copy me but he never did. I was extremely disappointed that Amstar and the contracted company cared more about taking our money than our enjoyment and, more importantly, our safety. It left me with a bad taste for anything Amstar related. However, this had nothing to do with Secrets Maroma itself. I tried to make the best of it and said that many people go to 5 star hotels to stay in bed all day and order room service (which we did when we recovered) lol. We really enjoyed our stay and had a blast doing nothing, enjoying the beautiful beach/ocean, and exploring the food/restaurants.