This was my first all-inclusive experience, and now I'm wondering if I'll be able to ever go back to anything else! I apologize, our trip was a while ago so I'm limiting my comments to what is likely still applicable. General: We took a shuttle from the airport with several other couples who got dropped off at other resorts. We were the last ones to get dropped off and it took about 50 minutes. I would perhaps consider a private taxi due to the location, especially if you're doing a short trip. All the water at the resort was filtered, so you can brush your teeth and whatnot without getting too nervous! Rooms/Grounds: Rooms, beautiful and well-appointed. Never an issues getting what we wanted in the mini-bar, which was mostly bottles and bottles of water. Big mosquito problem while we were there. They were continuously spraying the grounds to try and keep it under control. Bring yourself some repellant, especially if you want to be outside at dawn or dusk. The staff is outstanding, and very service oriented. Tipping is certainly not necessary, although we did feel it appropriate when we were well taken care of. I found that using my limited spanish skills, and just being friendly and gracious in general got a better response. This seems like common sense to me though. The entertainment crew that led all the daytime stuff was great, beach and pool volleyball etc.. And one of the highlights for us was a tequila tasting (which, even if you are not a tequila fan, you WILL enjoy!) Food: We found it all to be good. My favorite was the french, my husbands was the hibachi. Honestly, as I said before, the service is so good that it makes anything you get taste even better. They wanted to bring us several main courses one night because I couldn't choose! During the day, they would walk around with trays of appetizers (YUM) or ice cream. Remember to ask what the drink of the day is, that was always fun. And for all you serious coffee drinkers, you will not be disappointed here. Te coffee is strong and hot every morning. Pool/Beach: Whatever you preference, they are both beautiful. The pool did get quite crowded, especially Thursday-Sunday, and could be difficult to get a chair close to the main pool. We are beach people so this really didn't bother me. It was easier to get loungers at the beach. It's a great beach to walk on too, in one direction there really isn't much of anything which makes for a really scenic walk (or romantic dip with your honey if you wish!) Area: We took a trip to Chichen Itza, one of the Mayan ruins, and to a cenote to swim. Both I highly recommend. And wait to buy your souvenirs until you are off-resort in a place like this, they have much of the same and much more reasonable. Enjoy!