We've been waiting almost a year to stay at Secrets Maroma after touring the property in June 2010. Maria Reves from marketing gave us an excellent tour. The beach is outstanding!! This was our main reason for this trip as we have been disapointed with some of the other all-inclusive beaches we have visited. Maroma Beach does not disappoint!! Beach- As above. Try the Beach Beds for $30 a day. So worth it! You will feel like Anthony and Cleopatra with Moises and Kevin serving you! These two are wonderful. Try sailing, they will take you out for a 20 minute ride. Don't forget to tip. The Angel fish are a riot to feed. Just take bread or a bagel out with you in the roped off area and they will follow you anywhere. They get a little agressive but don't bite. Its great fun. We are planning a wedding for a friend and met with Valaria and also general manager Gino. He said there is always room for improvement and asked us for suggestions. Honestly except for hooks in the womens restrooms for purses we couldn't think of anything. Did I mention that I love this place? Restaurants: World Cafe- Great for breakfast There is everything you could possibly want and then some. We never checked them out for lunch or dinner though. Luis Enrique and Edgan were outstanding servers. A nice little touch is a fancy table set up with coffee and breakfast tidbits to sample while you wait for them to open at 7AM. Himitsu- The usual japanese show with knives and fire. Make sure you make reservations when you arrive. It fills up fast! Portofino- Excellent rack of lamb and a chicken dish that would melt in your mouth. Domingo was a very attentive and skilled waiter. Bordeau- We went there twice. The Filet was very good so I got it again . French onion soup- the best! We had it 3 nights. Sergio &Juan were awsome waiters. Oceana Seafood -We had our first dinner next to the pool with Luis as our waiter ( I think there are 5 with the name of Luis) We had just arrived that day and were so excited to be there that we did not mind the extra cost of a bottle of wine to be waited on so wonderfully by Luis. He also had our table Mexican Fiesta Night. We did not try El Patio Bars-Rendezvous Bar in the lobby was nice. They had soft danceable music by Rle and Mike Very relaxing to sip wine listening to the nice music. Sugar Reef bar-Pretty cool to sit at a table with your feet inthe water having a drink. Barracuda- This is where the soft serve ice cream is. Self serve. Oh by the way the coconut ice cream is at the italian restaurant Portofino. Beach Bar with swings! Fun Except when you have a large wedding party whooping and acting out. Especially the brides parents, kissing and falling down from too much alcohol. Oh well to each his own. Try the Bloody Ceasar made with clamato juice,tasty! Manatees Swim up bar-This is a happening place in the late afternoon. Some days a little loud, but that was OK They did enforce the lounge chair rule. 30 minutes away and they removed your stuff. But this is only fair. Room-Building 24- 4th floor, excellent ocean view. Air conditioning great. Very clean.Roger our concierge was beyond belief and he was extremely buzy but managed to do it all! Did I mention I love this place. Coffee Shop COCO Cafe-Is now open at 7 AM-10 PM. Kind of like a Mexican Starbucks and deserves a visit. Want some Baileys and whipped cream with your coffee? Neydi is there to serve you- very pofessional. SPA-Is to die for. We loved the couples massage. Get there early to take advantage of their pools, spa and steam room. Relaxing areas with coffee,tea etc. Expensive but worth it. Milton at the front desk is a gem. Margarita gives a great massage. Shows- We only went to a few American Idle was fun. Jesus was good at getting the crowd going. He also remembered our names later and greeted us like old friends. CiCi is a people person and a good dancer. I think she will be moving up with management soon. Marcello was a good MC at the shows. Fire Show by the pool- We were packing to go home but could see this from our balcony, pretty nice. Negatives- I did not experience any. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO PAY FOR HOUSE WINE FROM ROOM SERVICE. This was mentioned in a previous review and is not true. It is true that you cannot get a bottle of house wine, but you can get as many glasses as you want. I do not understand any negative reviews! I guess some people are born with a silver spoon in their mouths. Maybe they are just negative people looking for problems to report. We had none except we had to leave too soon. We will be back! Did I Mention I love this place? Greetings to all! Jon Paul & Barb