We had our honeymoon at this resort and were not disappointed. The staff and atmosphere throughout our stay were superb. We stayed for 2 glorious weeks and couldnt have asked for a more relaxing honeymoon. We ate in nearly all the restaurants but our favourite was the Japanese (double up on spring rolls you will not be disappointed). However you can eat extremely well in all the other restaurants our second favourite being Portofino (dont be afraid to ask for more if you want), portions arent small but are not massive either; however after 2 weeks we were glad of this. Breakfast was colossal so much choice, my husband loved the crepes, lunch options were also spectacular, main restaurant, grill for sea food, BBQ by pool or on beach. However you dont even have to leave your sun lounger they will bring tasty treats right to you. Room service was quick and tasty. Go for a coffee in the caf next to the main lobby for delightful cakes. We would often have dinner then pop in there for coffee and desert. Bedrooms were large and comfy; we considered a swim up room on booking but decided against it. Glad we didnt spend the extra as dont think it was worth it. If you are having a special event whilst on holiday let your concierge know on arrival and they will treat you really well. We had champagne in our room. Bathrooms were amazing. Two things that we were disappointed with was hard sell on time share at the hotel. We just avoided the lobby at certain times of the day and politely declined the tour. Secondly I am not sure if it was because the staff at the resort was so friendly and accommodating this highlighted the fact that the staff in the shop were rude and miserable. There is plenty of entertainment in the hotel which you can get involved in or not. We didnt really but karaoke is always a laugh There were a lot of Americans at the hotel, but it is Mexico and everyone was very friendly, can get a little loud around the pool bar, so I wouldnt recommend sun worshiping round that area if you want peace and quiet. However a couple of sneaky cocktails mid afternoon at the swing bar on the beach perfect. The beach is a beautiful as it looks; the marketing photos are deceiving though to the left of the hotel are two other hotels, however we would go for a long walk every afternoon, like walking in deserted paradise. Aqua Caribbean sea on one side and jungle on other. Sometimes a little unnerving though, thinking some Jurassic type creature going to slide out and drag you deep into the jungle The sea is stunning clear clear blue and sugar sand under your feet.. Stunning. Oh and the wild life, brightly coloured birds, strange badger monkey fox type creatures. Oh and the fish. We had a fantastic honeymoon and would highly recommend this hotel.