We had a wonderful wedding on the beach here--it was beautiful, and a spectacular experience for us and our few guests! I saw the beach in the pictures and am so happy I went with this place even though I had never stayed here before. Definitely worth the premium price for a wedding setting! The wedding services were good, and things went smoothly. We had a partial ocean view room- nice and clean. The morning housekeeping service was consistent, but the evening turndown service was not. If we were in the room, no one would come back, and we'd have to call to get someone in the room. The concierge delivered when we needed him, but he was rarely at his desk when we went looking for him. Maybe a sign with a time to return would be more helpful so we didn't have to keep coming back to find him. The food was really good for an all-inclusive. Breakfast and dinner were great. There was a wide variety of things to eat at breakfast, and the service was consistent. Lunch was ok--Oceana's food wasn't all that great, but there were other options. The Barefoot grill had plenty of things to choose from, and the taco cart that came around was awesome! We liked all of the dinner places as there was a lot of variety. The one thing I didn't like about the restaurants was the enforcement of the dress code. It seems understandable at dinner as anyone who has stayed at an all-inclusive knows that most places require men to wear pants, but for breakfast, it seems ridiculous that a man with a sleeveless shirt on (not cut off) would be given another shirt to wear while in the buffet. Same for the lunch at Oceana--it's a poolside restaurant, so they should make provisions that people might be a little damp and more casual (maybe take the cushions off of the chairs??). That seemed excessive and could be a bit more relaxed. The entertainment staff were fun and very outgoing people. We enjoyed meeting them and wished there were more activities that they rounded people up for throughout each day. Reminding us that it was time for an activity (whether small or big) on the beach or somewhere else would have been nice so we could have participated a bit more. This is also the first time we were members of the "Preferred Club", and I have to say that it was really nice. The area they had set aside was nice to have a drink and some snacks, and they had computers if you wanted to check your email. It was closer to our room too, so working with them on check-in and check out was much easier and smooth. We loved the friendly bartenders too! For the most negative part of our stay--the "welcome package." This explanation started out ok. We were going over options for a very nice "free" gift we would receive, but then we realized that this "free" gift was in exchange for an additional hour and a half of our time to discuss TIMESHARES. For people who are not interested, this was not ok. We have always appreciated that resorts DO NOT allow timeshare people to bother you on vacation, and the fact that the resort was doing this was crazy! We politely declined, but she persisted, so we actually had to stand up to leave before she stopped asking us to reconsider. This also happened to one of our guests who tried to cancel their 90 minute session twice, and the woman who they had spoken with actually made them feel guilty because she would personally be losing money due to them cancelling. They did not go and did not appreciate the discussion they had to have with her. Definitely something the resort should look into! Overall, we had an excellent vacation and wonderful wedding! I had wanted to include any negatives as I always appreciate them or at least know what to expect when I go to a place, so hopefully this was helpful to someone.