When we saw all the excellent reviews of this all-inclusive resort, we could only hope that our vacation would be this outstanding (the last review must be extremely rare). Our experience May1 - May 8 was everything we were hoping for and more. The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, not just a few, ALL OF THEM. I'm not a big tipper but was happy to tip generously for the great service we received everywhere. ROOM (jr suite): Outstanding, best vacation room we've had, large bathroom and shower, extremely comfortable large bed, great balcony, nice jacuzzi, immaculate and well-kept FOOD: Six great restaurants, all very good. Although the portion sizes were small at the restaurants, you can order as much as you want and there were buffets available somewhere almost every night. Never had to wait. If you are interested in the Hibachi grill show at the Japanese restaurant, make your reservation as soon as you arrive. When we tried to make reservations half way through the week, we could only get 10PM seatings. Overall, you can find just about every type of food you would want and unlike the last reviewer, we weren't at all disappointed. BEACH: Best beach you would ever want to see. White sand, very clean, turqouise shades of the ocean. It was a little rough the week we were there, with some seaweed washing in but not a problem at all. Plenty of beach chairs, drink tables, and large straw umbrellas. Even when hot and humid, there is a cool breeze off the ocean. This place is a tropical paradise. The servers were excellent and very friendly. POOL: We spent most of our time at the beach but the pool is also amazing, plenty of bars (even in pool), chairs, rafts, and food! As with everything in this resort, the pool and grounds were immaculate. ENTERTAINMENT: The entertainment staff was amazing, very friendly and enthusiastic. Who cares if they were a little loud at times, trying to get the guest into the activities. Some of the shows were just OK but enough to do each night. EXCURSIONS: We would have been happy spending the whole week at the resort but did take the day trip to Chichen Itza to see the Mayan ruins. This was worthwhile and included a lunch at a nice Mexican hotel/restaurant where we could go directly to the ruins without fighting any crowds. The two tour guides from Amstar were great. WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER: Really not disappointed with anything. Those that want to be picky would say the drinks are weak and it was a bit hot in the main building/lobby and fitness area. OVERALL: This was our 30th wedding anniversary getaway and was everything we hoped it would be (we were treated with champagne, breakfast in bed, and towels made into swans). For those worried about security, there are few if any problems in this part of Mexico. While this was our first all-inclusive resort, others we met here said it was the best one they have experienced. This vacation will be hard to beat and we highly recommend Secrets Maroma.