We had a fantastic time at Secrets Maroma Beach We celebrated our anniversary staying 14 nights at Secrets Maroma Beach in May. The previous reviews are pretty much spot on  you cannot fault this resort. We stayed in block 21 which has a jungle view and seemed to have a lot of guests from the UK staying here? Hi to A&R, our newly wed stalkerneighbours! Here are a couple of pointers that may be useful to people traveling to Secrets. Upon arrival at Cancun Airport (if you are a first time traveller)  look for the Immigration signs and follow them down the stairs, it is not obvious at the to the route as you cross the busy gate area to get to it. We cleared customs in a few minutes, collected our bags and headed outside. Ignore everybody who attempts to carry your bags and head for your tour operator desk. Our rep escorted us directly to a waiting mini van and we were at Secrets in 30 minutes. Upon return it is a repeat procedure, this time the rep takes you to the Thomson check in where you pay your 700 MXN departure tax. The rules regarding liquids in your hand luggage appear to be the same as the UK. There are loads of places to eat in the terminal. The hotel is spotless and welcoming with a tranquil ambiance. The room has useful digital scales to check your luggage weight prior to coming home. The Jacuzzi is ample size for two people but be aware that the pump motors are noisy so plan you bath time as not to disrupt others. Take a plug in mosquito machine and leave it on all day as the mossies' appear anytime after 4pm. The hotel also provides mosquito wipes in the room. We found all the restaurants to be of excellent quality, the house wine was ok. The evening entertainment was generally good, the Rock Show being the best by far. Take some ear plugs if you are a light sleeper as the dawn chorus is very load. The daily turndown service is a nice touch and they leave an itinerary and weather forecast for the following day. Taxi to PDC is 225 MXN each way, just ask at the hotel front door and the taxi will be there in a few minutes. Return taxis are readily available along 5th Ave and are the same price (just check before getting in). 5th Ave is worth a visit for shopping although a couple of hours is enough as the shops repeat every 200m and it is very hot walking around. Temperatures during our visit in May  30-35 degrees every day, light winds, clear to partly cloudy sky and 25-28 degrees until early hours of the morning. It rained for about 30 minutes one afternoon. Secrets is a first class resort with first class service and I would definitely return.