We just returned from our trip to Secrets Maroma, and we had an amazing time. Take the bad reviews with a grain of salt. Some people can be incredibly difficult to please. They would have to be to not enjoy their stay here. Of course, people probably do have justified issues of something not working, or getting the wrong room, but I'm sure these issues are few and far between. We didn't experience anything negative at all. First of all, there are probably times of the year when it is crowded. We happened to pick a light week and we had no issues with waiting at restaurants or getting a seat by the pool. So if you have to go during a busy time of year, just understand that there may be some waiting for a table at dinner and pool chairs may be scarce. Try having dinner earlier and getting down to the pool by 8:30 or so. Best of all, relax...you're on vacation! Our room was amazing. If you can get the preferred club package, do so. The views are well worth it. We were in room 2649 and I don't see how it could have been better. The bed is SOOOO comfortable...we slept like babies. The food is great. The menus encourage you to try new and different things and it was always worth it. The best was the seafood bouillabaisse soup at Bordeaux and the shrimp tacos at Seaside. Breakfast was always plentiful with every choice you could imagine. We also did room service one morning, and although the wait a little long (maybe 45 minutes?), it was delicious. The only thing I would say is that the fruit was not great, except the mango. But everything else was wonderful. Service at this hotel is the best I have ever experienced. Everyone says "hola" and "buenos dias" and goes out of their way to make sure you have what you need. We were served food and drinks by the pool (sushi, paella, shrimp cocktail...). And the drinks may have been watered down (I didn't notice, but I've seen complaints from others), but that's probably a good thing. We mostly drank wine with dinner, and it was plenty strong =). My husband enjoyed the "mango tangos" and I had several pina coladas and margaritas. Our wait staff at dinner were always friendly and eager to please. The grounds of the hotel are beautiful. They have several romantic beds, tucked away in the trees that are perfect for napping in. And they have designed a very cool rock formation near the pool that is home to several very large iguanas during the day. The pool area is large with lots of chairs facing in all directions. The beach is exactly like it is in the picture. Turquoise blue with perfect white sand. One morning, as we were walking, several people were feeding bread to the fish in the water, and they were jumping and swimming all around us. It was great! All in all, a beautiful hotel in a pristine location. We will be back!!