Truly an amazing time.. Spent 5 nights at Secrets Maroma Beach and wish we could've stayed another 5.. The resort is a straight shot, 30 min ride from CUN airport. We arrived around 3pm, greeted with cool towels and a glass of champagne (which is pretty typical at resorts like this, but pleasant none the less). The room we booked was a partial ocean view jr. suite and we were placed in a "preferred building" (26) on the second floor. Jr. Suite was quite nice with all stone throughout, sliding wooden doors to the bathroom, a balcony with a tiled bathtub and ocean/garden views. Our bags arrived to our room within ten minutes then we put on our bathing suits and made way for the beach & pool. **Beach -- beautiful white sand, no rocks or shells - plenty of loungers with thatched roof umbrellas scattered about.. the ocean had variations of blue from reefs/sandbars and made you feel like your in paradise. Theres a nice bar out on the beach with swing seats that we spent a late afternoon with a few other couples we met.. **Pool -- we typically made way to the pool by 9-9:30am and never had trouble getting a good spot at the pool(s). The main pool area is split into two, an infinity pool and a main pool equipped with swim-up bar. both we're nice, one quieter than the other, needless to say which.- This resort enforces a "no saving loungers" rule quite efficiently. Two gentlemen "police" the loungers and keep notes of how long the chairs have been empty, etc. between the hours of 7-10:30am, if you are not at the reserved space for a half hour your belongings will be moved and lounger made available for another guest. Pool side service was excellent, some days better than others depending on who your server was.. Every morning around 10am the servers will make way around their designated areas handing out waters and getting any drink orders. Shout out to Paulino, who we were lucky enough to have one day- he introduced himself, was always around just when we seemed to be looking for him and was quick upon return with beverages. Tipping goes a long way and quite frankly, they deserve it. We were treated like royalty by tipping the poolside servers $10/day -- I gave it to them right after they served us our first drink.. **Food - I can honestly say it was great... not only did everything taste good, but we didnt have any stomach problems at all.. World Cafe for breakfast had a spread to suite everyones taste. For lunch you can grab a nice burger, hotdog, nachos or chicken sandwich from the barefoot grill along side the pool area. Seafood Piella and Beef or Pork tacos are carted around. Lots of choices.. For dinner, the restaurants were all good- We also ordered delightful room service a couple of nights as we were so beat from the sun and a few cocktails during the day.. All in all, the resort was amazing and can't wait to go back.