Wow Wow Wow....I had researched this place for the past two years since opening, and had been wanting to visit for that long!! Coming from Australia, its a long trip, but we incorporated it with a business trip to LA first. We came to SMB for the last week of our trip and stayed for 6 days....wish it was longer When you have been wanting something for soooo long, and have such high expectations, you can be easily be disappointed. I had no worries with this place. From research we knew, 1. The beach was amazing 2 The service was excellent 3 The resort was beautiful We still arrived, and left saying WOW this is better than we expected. The beach hear is breathtakingly beautiful, Easy to see why its been rated in the top beaches in the world. Log stretches of powder soft sand, clear turquoise waters with fish swimming around you and you can see the bottom of the ocean. The water is warm and its invigorating The pool area is both active and fun and relaxing. The pool staff, from the concierge (special mention to KEVIN who is the best) to the servers (again special mention to our favourite ANA) and the bartenders and the entertainment staff who all work so hard and with huge smiles on there faces to make your stay enjoyable. Tip well, they deserve it and appreciate it. There is an abundant of chairs around the large pool areas, and never an issue finding one, and we where there at Easter and the resort was at 100% occupancy. Floats do get hogged a little, but just take one if you see it unattended and let it float off when you are finished. Again, it was not a real problem at all. We never saw the "chair game" at all, as I said, the pool concierge are well onto people who arrive and place towels on 6 chairs and leave. Those people will return to have there things removed. So everyone is able to benefit from there stay hear You will never go hungry or thirsty at this place. Drinks a plentiful and ANA our pool server would have our next round on us when we where 3/4 empty! Excellent! Food choices are amazing. Servers walk around the pool delivering all sorts of treats. They also have the barefoot grill going from 12-5 doing fish meats, salads, hot dogs, burgers etc. You can dine in any of the restuarants during the day, we did not. We did however order food from those restuarants delivered to our chairs!! If we didnt feel like eating burgers or grill, we ordered seafood like garlic prawns. Nothing is too much trouble to the staff at this place Our favourite restuarants where Portifino (Italian) Himitsu (Japanese) and the Oeceana. We didnt like El Patio (mexician). We also ordered room service on our last eveing and used the evening to unwind and swim in our swim up pool and pack our stuff so we had all the next day to relax on the beach prior to departure. We ordereed Baby Lobster salad, vegetables and fries, it took 30 minutes and was wonderfull!! We where thinking of doing an excursion, but we had sooooo much fun relaxing and enjoying the resort we didnt want to leave!! We are not disappointed we didnt venture out, but next time we go we will spend a few more days and do a day trip or two...of course if we want to! We also met so many wonderfull couples at this place that it was just too fun to stay and enjoy there company. We where never on our own. The vibe of the place puts everyone in such a great happy mood that you are instantly drawn to others and interacting and before you know it your best buddies! lol Secrets Maroma.....we fell in love and will return. We where talking about our return one day into this trip. Of all the couples we met, they honestly all said the same, they cant wait to return I think what sets this place apart from the other many 5 star resorts in the area is two things....THE BEACH and THE SERVICE. This place sells its service and it delivers. Do yourself a favour, go to Secrets Maroma and have the time of your life