We just returned from Secrets Maroma and it was a very memorable and relaxing vacation. I wrote a bit of a "blog" while I was there; and you can find it in the Playa Del Carmen Forum under this title: Live from Secrets Maroma, Day 2...loving it!. (Just in case I missed anything) We arrived mid afternoon. Dusty road into SMB until you hit the paved part. Poor signage, this needs some tweaking. I would not want to be driving here in a rental at night. You could get lost. Our room was ready and waiting. We were promptly taken to the check in desk, took care of paperwork. They then send you to the VIP person (avoid this). It is a timeshare sales person They gave me the coupons (minimally useful) before I agreed to hear their pitch. After giving him ten minutes, he quickly realized it was a waste of 'his time" and let us be on our way. The room is beautifully appointed. We were in room 2440, corner room, 4th floor, building 24. Great spot--centrally located--and quiet (except for very noisy birds that arrive at 5am!) Never used the Jacuzzi, but it's set nicely between the bathroom and sleeping area separated by a curtain. The only issue I have with this set up is that the acoustics allow for full disclosure when using the lavatory. The bed was a King size, super comfortable with a soft duvet. Pillows are small, but you each have two and they were more than adequate. Plenty of drawer space in the large armoire, beside tables and bathroom area vanity. Hairdryer was better than mine. Fully lit makeup mirror, double sinks, separate tiled shower with built in bench and supersized toiletries. I would advise using the rubber mat in the shower; as the tiled flooring gets very slippery. I would expect a lot of falls in this area. The scatter rug in front of the sink is useless. It lacks rubber matting so actually poses a slip and fall risk. I kicked it aside. The outside balcony is spacious, with seating for four. The view from our room was lovely, encompassing the entire resort as well as ocean view. Order morning wakeup room service with coffee, croissants and heated cream. Room service over all was fantastic and fast. You can order room service off the menu as well as from the restaurants (they don't have the menu so remember which things you liked). The restaurant choices are available only until 11pm, then it's their room service menu. They don't advertise this. You can order glasses of wine, but will be charged for full bottles, even house wine. Restaurants: We loved Bordeaux (French), Himitsu (Japanese). Like Portofino (Italian) and disliked El Patio (Mexican). The two trips to Oceana near the pool was hit or miss. Make reservations for your tableside chef demonstration at Himitsu when you arrive, as these reservations get quickly filled. You can dine in the main dining room without reservations. This tableside dinner was the highlight meal! The World Caf is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Great selection for brunch. Try the green juice and grab a chocolate/banana crepe. Coffee is not their strong point here at Secrets. We never made it to Coco Loco for coffee or snacks. Bordeaux, Portofino and El Patio each have tables for Al Fresco dining. Three of the restaurants are lined up in the main building. Strange set up but makes it easier if there is a wait at one. They will give you a buzzer while you wait. My biggest gripe are the two sets of extremely wide, very steep staircases to get to the main lobby and restaurants. The railings are flimsy and too close to the wall for proper use. I would not want to fall down these concrete. marble stairs, it would not end well. One small elevator down the hallway next to the MD's office. We had one of the house wines...the Mexican Cabernet. and was very drinkable. They offer Semillon, Sauvignon Blanc, Rose, Tempranillo, two Cabs and one Merlot for House. Champagne is house sparkling wine. Not bad, not great. We arranged for our poolside dinner (the fee is to spend $60 per couple on wine) We had a terrible, rather arrogant server this night. Slow, unpredictable service. He said he would "choose" our appetizers; which was a poor call. He ordered me a giant empanada, which I promptly returned. The wine list is mediocre. The price points are set up haphazardly, and it was difficult to stay within your $60 range (I managed!) We used three of our $10 wine coupons, so we shaved some money off. Important to remember: present any of your coupons (spa, wine, etc) at the time of purchase, not at check out. They will not honor them at that time. I did not visit the Spa (very expensive). We had our massages in downtown Playa at Veronicas and spent a 1/4 of what we would have paid at Pevonia. We left the property twice. Once for a snorkeling excursion with Edventure Tours (LOVED IT) and once to downtown Playa. $22 each way by cab. The poolside servers are wonderful. Angeles, Alejandro and Aracely were wonderful. Tip your servers, they work extremely hard to make this a wonderful vacation for you. The beach is gorgeous. Be careful wading in, as there are some steep spots, then it evens out. There are two large pools that run parallel to each other. The heated main pool with the swim up bar and the Infinity pool.(not heated). Great swim up bar. Fantastic bartenders. Plenty of beach chairs. Super comfortable, made of rattan/wicker with a soft mattress on top. Plenty of umbrellas. Difficult to set up on your own, staff very willing to do for you. A few pool floats, people like to hog them. Signage stating you cannot. If its not occupied, take it. The ladders going into the pool are a bit squeaky and cheap for this property. There is limited stairs to wade into the pools. They need to secure these ladders or change them. We arranged for a private beach bed (there are seven). It was $30 and very worth it. Away from the noise of the main beach and pool. Comfortable mattress, pillows and beautiful palapa over your head. You can arrange this with one of the beach butlers. There are plenty of the free beds near the pool area. Hot and cold foods are brought around to your chairs during the lunchtime hours (paella, sushi, tacos, pizza) as well as a full menu and a grille set up offers ribs, chicken hamburgers, hotdogs, rice, beans, french fries and a variety toppers (guacamole, pico de gallo, jalapenos, etc). Every day they cook something delicious in a giant pan right on the beach (paella, etc) Food is tasty and plentiful. Drinks are wonderful (try the fresh mint--a blended mojito made with vodka). They accommodated my request for sugar free drinks, and I had the best SF mojitos made with splenda. The beach/pool butlers are fantastic. Kevin and Jordan are simply the best IMO. We made fast friends with them. No towel game. You cannot reserve a spot prior to 10:30 and not stick around. The staff WILL remove your things. After 10:30, just leave a personal item on your chair, and you are all set for the day. This rule is strictly enforced. No problem with towels. Jacuzzis are set up on each side of the pool behind the trees. They have a crushed stone interior and are not comfortable. The grounds are lush and beautifully landscaped in a natural way. Iguanas, cute coatis and hundreds of birds. I have read about this being a concrete jungle, but that could not be farther from the truth. I think the landscapers do a fantastic job of keeping it very natural looking. Entertainment staff work tirelessly. They live on property, and keep everyone going (soccer, volleyball, yoga and nighttime entertainment). We didn't partake in too much, but had some great conversations with the staff. Cinthia (CC) was a doll! Desires nightclub is a bit lame. The staff put on a "concert" but there are few participants who want to dance. It's also very warm in there. Showers available at entrances to beach on both sides, as well as towels. Lobby Bar is gorgeous, lots of nice sitting areas. Yazmin is a gem of a server. A bit warm inside, but plenty of seating areas out on the veranda. Wi Fi expensive, 60 bucks for the week, only one device can be used at a time. Also, you cannot get service except for in your room. Wi Fi out near pool, restaurants, lobby is nonexistent; and I have a 4G phone. There is an internet office with free computers (3) They need to offer this free going forward. Our concierge, Roger in building 24 was beyond wonderful. Our traveling companions had a medical issue come up and he could not have been more attentive with his follow up. He is the true meaning of customer service (I mention him in my blog). Lengthy but hopefully thorough report. I would love to return to SMB; and I highly recommend this property. If you have any follow up questions, please PM me.