Secrets Maroma has to be one of the most beautiful, peaceful places on earth. The beach is amazing: The sand has the color and consistency of baking soda. The water is warm, clean and glows turquoise. Try to get a 3rd or 4th floor room for the best view. The view is incredible. Unlike many other resorts, Secrets Maroma's beach is quite spacious. To the South, there are no other resorts. You don't have to worry about lawn-chair gardens and fighting for some space. Think Solitude - especially if you walk in a southerly direction down the beach. The service is impeccable. You want exquisite chocolate cake at 2AM? You got it. You lost your sunglasses at the beach? They'll sit you down in the pool cafe for iced tea while an employee walks it all the way over from the lost and found in the main building. Best of all, the service people are warm and friendly, unlike the stuck up formality you'll get at places like the Ritz or Four Seasons. Think quality and professionalism without any sense of excessive formality or stuffiness. The architecture is stunning: The owners somehow figured they could still turn a profit even after spending most of their real estate on gardens and dreamy walkways. You'll be puzzled to discover that the majority of Secret Maroma's property is utilized by beautiful gardens - traversed by peaceful, winding walkways and meandering pools. I work in construction, and I have never seen such impeccable stone work. The entire main building is made of travertine and limestone. The design seems to emphasize round, soothing shapes. Everything is designed and made of the highest quality. NONE OF IT IS FLASHY OR EXAGGERATED. The feel/design of the spa: Holy cow. I must have died and gone to heaven. The food is delicious. The restaurants are all beautifully and tastefully designed and decorated. "All-inclusive" at Secrets apparently includes white and red wine. I'm a wine lover, and I have to compliment Secrets on their selection of quality wine. At other all-inclusive resorts, you might get cheap wine or no wine at all. Secrets is quite an exception. Also, many all-inclusive resorts try to spare themselves from the massive cost of providing 100% real juice to guests. Not the case at Secrets Maroma; you'll get freshly squeezed orange juice (among other fresh 100% juices) for breakfast. The World Cafe is stocked full of fresh fruit and juices for breakfast - for you health nuts out there. If you want to get married at Secrets Maroma, you don't even need to think twice. Your photographer will be stunned by all the beautiful settings/locations. Our photographer told us that he had never seen so many beautiful spots for photos at a single venue. Try to get married in the late-afternoon when the sun is at an ideal angle/intensity. Your guests and family will love it. My only grievance is that Secrets Maroma may have ruined my life:) I now find it difficult to take beach vacations anywhere without comparing the hotels/resorts to Secrets Maroma. My wife and I joke that staying at Secrets Maroma has doomed us to PSSD - "Post Secrets Serenity Disorder". What is PSSD? It's when I should be working, but I'm day dreaming about Secrets Maroma and writing this review!