My husband and I stayed here for the second time from May 1 - May 8 and loved every second. The first time we stayed was right after it opened and since then we have also stayed at the Valentin Imperial Maya (which is also very nice). We decided that Secrets was worth the extra money and were not disappointed. Check in - We were offered an upgrade to a preferred room at $100/night and declined as we stayed in a preferred room on our last trip and didn't see any difference from the main room except for the preferred club. We were put in room 2449 and it was perfect. Room - Perfect view of the ocean on two sides since it was the end room. In my opinion if you are non-preferred this room has the best view of the ocean. Very clean, everything worked, cool, nothing to complain about. Beach - Just as amazing as I remembered...powdery white sand, clear water, great servers to bring drinks/food. And the best thing...no towel game!! We got to the beach around 9:30-10:00 and found a first row palapa 5/6 days, and the 6th day we were in the second row. This is priceless to me, because the worst thing about other resorts was having to get up early to reserve a palapa, then head to breakfast. Here you could go to breakfast, return to the room for bathing suit and sunscreen, and then hit the beach. There was seaweed one morning but it shifted to the right by the afternoon and was not a problem. My husband and I loved walking each day and you could walk in both directions for a long time. It rained maybe 8 drops the entire time we were there, maybe one or two mornings with patches of clouds and the rest of the time it was gorgeous and sunny. I would definitely go again in May. Pool - We aren't pool people and the chairs were a little too close for us to the strangers next to you, but it seemed like the pool was a little rowdier than the beach, especially around the pool bar. Also, people would reserve the floats even though there were signs posted everywhere not to. If they were laying on the chairs, for example, they'd have the float half on the deck with their bag on it or something. Pretty rude if you ask me, if they weren't using it there were plenty of people that could have. This is one of the reasons I like to avoid the pool b/c I can't stand people that think they are better than everyone else. Food and drinks - So good...I am sitting at work missing my omlette, crepes, chicken wings, shrimp tacos, chicken tacos, flank steak sandwich, seaside nachos, chilean seabass, chicken parm...the list goes on and on. I did not have a bad bite of food the entire trip. We never ordered room service but a few times we brought wings from the grill back to re-sunscreen ourselves and the dirty plates were always removed when we got back at the end of the day. Our favorite restaurant was Portofino (Italian) and we ate there 3 times. We weren't crazy about the seafood buffet, it wasn't bad, we just expected to see shrimp and there was only rice with tiny shrimp. Not bad, just not what we expected. We also didn't do the outside Mexican buffet night b/c we liked the restaurants so much and having been to Mexico 5 times, remembered that the buffets are never as good as a nice sit down meal. Service - Words can't even describe how the employees make you feel. I felt like my husband and I were celebrities or something we were treated so well. And they are very genuine about it too. I spoke to some of the employees and they said they love their jobs and it seems like they are treated well. We tipped because they deserved every penny and more. Other - We didn't do any excursions b/c we couldn't bear to leave the resort. People could sail, kayak, scuba dive or snorkel through the resort and the few we talked to enjoyed it. They also had activities by the pool but we never joined in. It was hard for us to take our eyes off of the gorgeous beach. We work all year and just like to relax on vacation and enjoy nice dinners and that is exactly what we did. If I find a good deal I'll try to twist my husbands arm into booking for September...it shouldn't be too hard. So if you are considering this resort and are not the 1% that is extremely demanding, book and you will have a great time. So great that it will make it really hard for you to vacation anywhere else!!