Great hotel...service was excellent...great entertainemt team! I lost track of time...much needed break from my daily grind as my wife and I had 20th year wedding anniversary. Beach and water is BEAUTIFUL! All restaurants are excellent! We booked through Apple Vacations...defintely the way to go. We met some couples that booked elsewhere and did not have the same excursion packages. They paid less but did not get the same amenities and service. Tip the waiters and bartenders...they appreciate the gratuity as a sign that they are doing their job well. Engage the personnel...they have a ton of great stories and really give you an interesting perspective of their country and culture. Try to speak Spanish.....even if you screw it up, the locals appreciate the effort and get a good laugh! Go to Chichen Itza and swim at the cenote'....well worth the 2 hour drive! Go snorkeling with Jorge...give him a good tip...he will look for you if he has a free spot and give you a trip at a good price! Engage the entertainment team...they are fun and very interesting....if they ask you to do something, do it! Do not bring your laptop. I did not bring computer or cell phone because I was totally disconnecting. You are on vacation...don't irritate yourself! This was the best thing I did...hate that damn computer and cell phone! Bring books or Nook....read stuff totally unrelated to your job....2 great beach books....Ben Mizrich "Accidental Billionaires" and Sammy Hagar "Red". Major complaint....this has nothing to do with the hotel or the service. When you leave your chair on the beach or pool put your towel back! If a towel is left on a chair it is assumed you have left the beach or pool BRIEFLY! DO NOT place personal items on umbrella chairs to "RESERVE" a seat. Remember it is 1st come, 1st serve for all seats....it is not right to come down to the beach at 7 am to reserve a seat and show up at 11 am...VERY RUDE! I will go back...I live to go back....Secrets Meroma is about as close to PARADISE as I've seen!! less service.