Secrets Moroma is the best all inclusive resort I've have stayed at on the Yucatan peninsula...by far. In the past 5 years we have stayed at Secrets Capri, Barcelo and Paladium. Secrets Maroma has them all beat. Why? Service - Outstanding. All of their staff really go above and beyond to pamper you. Beach - Really clean. No rocks in surf. Lounges and umbrellas. Beach bar and food service. Not much to see snorkeling right off beach. Pool - Cool design, clean, fun, lots of lounges. Restaurants - Absolutely the best. Great food. Great service. No gimmicks to access. Facility - Super clean, gorgeous grounds. Room - Really nice and comfortable. ...and they dont jerk around their guests with bracelets, cheap drinks, little plastic drink cups, limited staff, restaurant gimmicks/reservations, etc. etc. like alot of the other resorts. This really is a superb adults only ultra all inclusive resort. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed both the pool and beach areas. Everyone was so happy and relaxed. Their staff cheerfully pampered us and were always available to provide food and drinks. The quality and quantity of all the food and drinks were first rate. No watered down, bottom shelf liquors served in little plastic cups at this resort. The restaurants were the huge difference from all the other all inclusives we stayed at. We usually went down between 6-6:30 every night and got seated immediately. We dined at the Italian, French, Mexican and seafood restaurants. All were delicious with attentive service. We noticed they got a lot busier by 8:00 or so. At that time you generally had to wait. The buffet and barefoot grill by the pool were great also. The outdoor fiesta's were good, but not as good as the ala-carte restaurants The Japanese hibachi restaurant is the only restaurant which requires reservations. We opted not to do it. Nightly entertainment programs were allright. Their recreation staff were a lot of fun and offered a variety of activies for all. They could have offered more kitchen tours. We missed the one kitchen tour for the week..dang, we wanted to see where all that good food was coming from. We used Cancun Transfers for getting to/from Airport and they were great as well. Booked them on-line and they were waiting on us at the airport upon arrival, eventhough the plane was 2 hours late arriving. No hassles, great service, private clean transportation for $82. As always there are a few things to be aware of and nits to pick with any resort. All of the following are very minor in our opinion. 1. When you arrive and check in they try to up-sale you to nicer rooms and then to the preferred VIP service. Based upon our intel from Trip Advisor reviews, we knew to politely decline. They actually lowered the price on the upgrade, but we still chose not to get it. After we declined, they wrapped up and we went to our room. If you take the preferred VIP service, you will get a tour and sales pitch during your visit. Again...not the way we wanted to spend our vacation so we declined. The preferred folks and/or upgraded rooms reside in buildings closer to the pool and beach. Not that big of deal to us...the back buildings were closer to the restaurants. Do be aware that in the rear buildings you really cant see the ocean unless you are on the 4th floor. The vegetation is so tall it blocks the majority, if not all, the ocean view for floors 1-3. 2. Room was really nice, but temperature never got below 72 degrees, eventhough we set the thermostat to 65. Also, we had an entourage of sugar ants show up and drink my wife's amaretto sour one night. The maid took care of the ants the next day. BTW maid service was great too. Always cleaned up our room thoroughly and did cool things with towels, flowers etc. Balcony on third floor was great...especially at night when the breeze was blowing. They have a comfy couch on the balcony that I actually slept on one night. Room service for breakfast one morning was a super treat. We could have done that everyday if we wanted to....24/7 room service is available no charge as part of your basic package. 3. Secrets Moroma Beach could use more lounge chairs and straw umbrellas by the pool and beach. Those seem to get pretty full by 8:30-9:00 everyday. Secret staff does have a nice approach for all those inconsiderate folks that come out early and leave a book/magazine on a lounge chair all day. from 8am-10:30 or so, security monitors the lounge chairs...if no one is on the lounge chair for 30 minutes, they pull up the book/magazine/towel and give the lounge chair/umbrella to folks that are actually using the pool/beach. The other resorts could learn from this. 4. We had a little hesitation with Secrets Moroma from a few of the negative reviews we read on Trip Advisor, but we never experienced any of those issues during our trip. So...bottom line, we really loved this resort and will definitely go back to visit Secrets Moroma beach!