Just returned from Secrets Maroma Beach. We traveled with another couple and had a fabulous time! The rooms were spacious and well kept. The food was very good for an all-inclusive. Breakfast spread was very good, French place was probably the best meal we had while there. I liked my Italian, the others thought it was okay. Japanese was also very good, probably my 2nd favorite. Make your reservations for there immediately upon arrival. We ate at the barefoot grill several times when at the pool, and food was pretty good. It took us until the next to last day to realize we could order food from the poolside waiters too. I got a club sandwich from one the last day and it was actually very good. Overall food was great, a little heavy on the salt at times, but otherwise very good. Service was also very good, very formal. Drinks were great. and easy to come by, we hardly ever had to wait. Tip a pool side waiter and he/she will be more likely to come by quickly again. The beach was FANTASTIC! Softest, white sand....but windy. You could play in the surf, but it was too rough to truly swim around on most days, we would beach in the AM and pool in the PM on some days. If you don't get to pool by 10, you won't find chairs. Activities offered at hotel were great, water aerobics, beach volleyball, etc. We never left the hotel and didn't regret it one bit. Oh, the workout room is top notch for a hotel. I've traveled for business a lot and seen some pretty sparse equipment. They have everything including balls and yoga mats. We found it easy to skip the "presentations" for the $200 credit. When we checked in, they wanted us to meet with someone, we told him we really just wanted to get to our room and we'd come back the next day, we never did, and we only received one follow-up pitch. So, we never felt the pressure. We were one of the few groups at the hotel, it truly is a lot of honeymooners and anniversary couples. Not many tables for 4, but we never had a problem getting a table. We had such a great time with our friends, I would recommend this hotel to a group. Probably my only negative would be they don't play any music by the pool. If there was something on the speakers it was like Jazz or something. Overall the hotel is very relaxing, I didn't think about home, work, or anything one day while there. Highly recommend.