My wife and I just returned from this wonderful resort. Before we left I did allot of research here on trip advisor and the information was very helpful so I will contribute as well. We arrived in Cancun and were aware of the timeshare people but still got caught. They are good, they will pass themselves off as your ride and say someone will be by to pick you up in 20 min. Then they will say we can give you the "true"prices of the excursions. That's when I knew these were the people we were warned about so we just politely said no and the sales person tried his best to keep us there. We just kept walking outside where there was a Amstar rep holding a sign. He got us set up and we were on our way to the resort in about 5 min. It was non stop so it was about a 25 min ride. When we arrived at the resort we were greeted by some Secrets staff, a cold towel and a glass of champagne. From there we went to the lobby for a quick check in. We did have a timeshare rep approach us but we declined and that was it. He did not pressure us, just said "ok, no problem" and got someone to bring our luggage to the room. The room was top notch!! There are plenty of descriptions of the rooms here and all accurate. We were in bld 15 great view!! We spent most of our time by the main pool, it was beautiful. There wasn't I time we were looking for someone to order a drink or food. It was like they are watching you from a secret room and when your drink gets low there are there. Oh and another thing I thought was cool, everyone seems to know you name and everything is "a pleasure". They truly work their butt off!! We went to a few of the main restaurants there while there is a dress code the first night I wore pants, collard shirt and boat shoes. I saw a few people with sandals and wore mine the rest of the time I was there. We ate at the french restaurant twice, It was our favorite, the Italian one once and the Japanese one once. We were not impressed with the Japanese one. I ordered a steak and my wife ordered some sushi. My steak was like rubber and the wife didn't like the sushi. We are not picky eaters but this was not that good. Maybe it was a bad night they were really busy but the rest of the food was really good!! We are from New Orleans were the food here is out of this world. The entertainment team was GREAT, as I said before they seem to just know your name. Our first day there we were at the pool and they came by for some water aerobics and pool volleyball. I went to play volleyball and Sebastian asked my name and from that point on every time he saw us he would come up and see how we were doing then tell us upcoming events. The whole team there gets along great Govinia, Sebastian, Tomas, and Riccardo AKA "Bread Stick" were all wonderful and were a deciding factor on us returning here. We will be back and hope they are still there. I could go on for hours but this place has earned it great reputation the good reviews on this place are accurate and the bad are just.........I don't even know how you could give it a bad review. If you are thinking about booking this place DO IT!!