I am a travel agent who is extremely fusssy. This is an elegant, modern, resort in a great area. Located about 25 minutes from the airport, 35 minutes to Cancun, and 20 minutes from Playa del Carmen and the Cozumel Ferry. Nothing is within walking distance. Good snorkeling can be found at Puerto Meurolos. We used The Snorkel Shop in Playa del Carmen. We booked over the internet and Eddie was awesome, they picked us up right at the resort and we had a private guide and photographer. If you are looking for shopping and nightlife take a cab to Playa del Carmen. Very enjoyable! BEACH: Wonderful gorgeous clean white sand beach with clear vibrant blue waters. Loved playing in the waves and walking the beach. Plenty of sun loungers and shade if you wanted it. BEST BEACH SERVICE EVER! There are beach bars, restaurants, and grills close by. However, there is also waitservice on the beach for cocktails and a food menu to order from as well. I know this sounds lazy and indulgent, and it its, but it is abosutely awesome! Tips are well deserved and gratefully accepted. Not many activities on the beach at all, great for sunning, relaxing, reading, ect. POOLS: Very modern and clean. Wonderful upscale loungers and daybeds easily available. Staff will bring drinks and snacks around, and fresh towels are easily available. The swim up bar pool is heated to a nice temperature. The other pools are not, but are refreshing in the heat. ROOMS: BEST EVER!!! Loved our King Size Swim Out Junior Suite. Elegant, Roomy, Clean, and Breathtaking. Room Service 24 Hours a day was awesome. They would bring cocktails as well. Secrets Box for delivery and removal is genius. Nice flatscreen TV with good american channel selection. Pay per view movies (and free Playboy TV LOL!) were available. Loved the huge bathroom with upscale amenities and large shower. If the beach wasn't so great it would have been hard to leave the room with all of this available and the swim out pool right off of your private balcony! FOOD: All of our food was really good. The specialty restaurants for dinner are very good and if you go fairly early there will not be a wait. You can't make reservations, it's first come first serve. However, once you go put your name on the seating list, you will be given a pager this will alert you when your table is ready, so you are fee to go enjoy yourselves while waiting. Only thing we missed was having a traditional all inclusive buffet to go to on a nightly basis. They did offer one on special nights, but sometimes you just don't feel like getting dressed up for dinner on vacation. That is when we just decided to enjoy room service. DRINKS: They do have awesome drinks always available. They also serve a selection of Mexican Beers and Bud Lite for those who prefer. They do have top shelp liquor available, but it was difficult to get them to use it. I had requested a certain brand several times, and was given the standard well version. I can taste the difference, and asked several times for the one I wanted. They tried to fool me several times, at different bars. I finally just asked to see them pour from the bottle. The drinks do come in wonderful large glass and plastic glasses. Not the usual small all inclusive cups. Loved this! ENTERTAINMENT: Just so-so. They had a great football playoff party while we were there and they put the game on a giant movie theater screen in the covered theater and served a snack buffet and cocktails. They have comfy theater chairs with a little table for your drinks or snacks. Hubby loved this, especially with his Miller Lite. We also really enjoyed American Idol Night. Resort guests compete for prizes and they have guests also play the judges. It was really fun, but we had some great natural performers. The girl who won was actually someone who going for an audtion on Broadway a few days later. The entertainment staff is young and fun. My only real complaint about this whole resort is I wish they would offer some fun daytime activities by one of the pools or the beach. They also played elevator type music throughout the entire resort and by the pools all day. I found this just way to boring. They need to change the music selection and offer more day activities for fun and socializing. They did have lobby entertainment most nights and a disco on site for guests. We did the trip wo Coco Bongo's Nightclub with the resort staff. It is a lot of fun, and they take good care of you. RESORT: The resort is very elegant and modern. It is absolutely stunning. They have a very unique water feature area that leads from the lobby to the pools. I thought it was beautiful, but a little too much concrete. They need to add some potted tropical plants to soften the look of this area. The resort was full, but never really seemed crowded. Perfect if you wanted a very quiet, upscale vacation, that you get waited on hand and foot. Service was really good, and I would definetely go back. I just prefer a little more daytime action and nightlife. This was a very romantic adults only choice.