Spent the week of April 11th celebrating our 30th anniversary at the Secrets Maroma. This was our first ever Apple vacation, and our first ever all inclusive resort vacation. This experience is compared to our honeymoon in Hawaii and two Celebrity Cruises (Western Caribbean and Mediterrean). We were promptly greeted by our Apple representative and whisked away to the resort - within 75 minutes of landing, we had our bags and were at the resort (airport to/from resort is about 30 minutes). The facility is gorgeous, the staff extremely customer-oriented, the beach is beautiful. the grounds are meticulously maintained. Rooms are nice and kept in good condition, very clean. The pools and water quality within them are excellent. The weather was fantastic the entire week - sunshine and mid-to-upper 80s. Upon check-in, we were offered an upgrade at additional cost. There was no hard sell on their part but I was surprised to get the push to spend $$$ within 5 minutes of arrival. After the minimal paperwork was processed, we were then introduced to someone who would explain about our discount coupons we had received. BEWARE: the coupons are essentially worthless - $200 in spa coupons is really just five, $40 coupons that cannot be combined - you have to have five different treatments (each cost well in excess of the $40). Similarly, while the resort advertises "free golf" it turns out that they charge $49 per person for a cart, and carts are required. After we learned about the worthless coupons and the not-so-free golf, we then started to get "the treatment" about signing up for a timeshare presentation. It was not a hard sell push, but it was a bit annoying - you say "Not interested" and they keep pitching it anyway - even offering "free" romantic dinners. We never did sign up, and after talking to a few other guests, are happy we didn't - we heard some horror stories with the "tours" and "presentations" taking much longer than 90 minutes.....one went as long as 5 hours! Food was good....on a 1-10 scale, we rate it 8.4, and the Pool/Bar service was excellent - on a scale of 1-10, we rate it a 20 (that is not a mis-type, it was a "twenty"! in particular, Paulino and Ana were especially superb. They exude customer service. They learned our names, our drink preferences, and never let us go hungry or thirsty - and while they were attentive, they also left us alone - eye contact and a head nod was all that was needed to get their attention. As others have commented, name your preferred liquor once, and they just keep comin' that way. We took a snorkeling excursion - priced around $90 per person - it was a good value and experience. During the 8 hours we snorkeled in a secluded fresh water area, a cave (fantastic experience) and inlet lagoon. In between we were served a nice hot lunch, and throughout the day got a bit of geological and ecological lesson. Very worthwhile, I would recommend it - waters were calm so that even a beginner snorkeler (my wife) enjoyed it. As it was our anniversary, we opted to get some pics done by the photography studio. Normally, I expect these photo experiences to be a rip-off, but I was pleasantly surprised. There is no charge for getting the pics taken and it costs $15 for each picture you want. Our guy spent 90 minutes with us, taking 70+shots on the beach and at a nearby abandoned house. The pics turned out fantastic. In total, we liked about 30 of them. We got a package deal whereby the pics were loaded onto a CD that we took home and they will make us an album as well. There was no hard sell on their part at all....you either like the pics or you don't, and if you do, you don't mind spending a bit. All in, we spent 90 minutes and less than $250 to get 30+ high-quality photos and a personlized album. Suggestion to future visitors: bring some extra clothing so as to change the look between photos, and bring along a damp washcloth to refresh as it will be hot. Overall, it was a good trip....Apple did a nice job (I would use them again), the place is beautiful, the staff is excellent, and the food and drinks are good. My suggestions to Secrets Maroma: Soften up the timeshare pitches and eliminate the "discount" coupons and promises of "free" golf as they set false expectations. Add to your pool playlist a couple of tropical tunes - not one steel drum song was heard during our visit!