We had our honeymoon in November, I think the dreary weather today got me around to finally writing a review. We booked a prefered swimup suite for 9 nights. We were in the building next to the ocean front on the right side near the preferred club. We were offered an upgrade to the Ocean Front for about $150/night. We declined. Our concierge Carlos was extremely outgoing and helpful. His office was just outside of our door which sometimes was a negative when trying to take an afternoon nap or sleep in. It was early November and the swim up suite was pretty cold as it didn't get much sun. We probably only used the swimout pool for a total of a few hours. We tried out every restaurant and never had an issues with any of them, if you want to eat between 6 to 8 you might get some waits, but will get the handheld devices to light up when table is ready. A couple times we went back to the Preferred Club for a drink or two and they would call us when the table was ready. Don't expect a quality of steak like a Morton or high-end local steakhouse more so like an Outback. The buffet had very similar items each day, but they did mix in fiesta's every few days. The food around poolside around lunch time was amazing. They also had burgers, chicken breasts and Hot Dogs each day and then they bring around a big variety of food to the lounge chairs. They also had selve serve ice cream(very nice on the warm days). The prime lounge chairs are taken pretty early in the morning, but we never had a problem finding a chair someplace around the pool. The Desire dance club was a good time, but if you want a place to sit get there early. We got there first one night and had a huge 2 seat chair to lounge on. Unlike past all-inclusives we found the night time entertainment to be a great time. The American idol was fun and actually had some very good singers(and some entertaining bad ones. The rock band that they have play was also extremely good and the newlywed game was entertaining. They also have movies every other night at least in the theater for a mellow night. We used the discounts we received thru booking for a couples massage and they were good, not great for the price. We did 2 day trips, recommend the Tulum Extreme if you'd like to see the Ruins, but not spend the entire day there. As you spent 2 hours their and then did zip lining and repelling in the afternoon and for about $30 you got a CD with picutres throughout the day. Also did the Swim with the Dolphins which was ok, but the price of the CD of pictures was outragous, it was more then the tour itself. We decided to spend one afternoon in Playa, the hotel has about 4 taxis waiting to take you anywhere and was $20. Make sure to ask on the way back how much they were charging you. It was fun to shop, but never pay even 50% of what they start at. We bought some jewelry items that started at $100 and ended up paying $10-$15. Venture out a block or so and found a couple very small jewelry places where ladies were making braclets and such on the spot for less then $5. The hotel also on 2 nights a week brought in vendors around the walkway to the main building. Again prices start very high but you should at least be able to cut that price in half. We thought we had make a great deal to get a decorative mask that starting at $200 for $35 then saw the same mask in the gift shop for that same price. Back to our swimup room, we started to notice alot of small mosquites which seemed to only be the case around the swimups as everyone we talked to on different floors didn't have that problem. We decided to go see if an upgrade was available to the Ocean Front still. The upgrade price for the top floor Ocean front was $125/night, we were going to pass, but then decided to have them show us. Guys if you're not willing to pay it(don't let them show you it!) As the room was awesome. It was at least twice the size of the swimup and the View was amazing. Having just 3 nights left and being our honeymoon we took the upgrade. We felt the Prefereed club was worth while for us as it was a nice place to relax and the bartenders in there were excellent. After a few days they knew what we wanted and would ask if wanted doubles. They also had appetizers all the time. They also have 3 computers to check back with home in the preferred club and only a couple times were they all being used. And then you have the beach, wow the sand is so soft and the water was very calm. The angel fish literally would surround you when you got out to about chest level and eat out of your hand if you had bread. Sorry for running on, realize how much I'd love to go back! If anyone has any questions feel free to send me a message and have fun!