I too read may too much of these reviews, both before booking and almost found myself almost addicted and obsessed with it after booking. BOTTOM LINE- relax and go. Everything mentioned positively in here is true. Staff wants to please and does. Beach is awesome. Turtle bar on the beach is awesome (Thanks Joel and Daniel). Grounds, pool, rooms, housekeeping, restaurants, activities and service are all wonderful. From Flay to Morimoto, Puck to Robuchon, Mina & Legasse, we've eaten at all the hottest chefs restaurants. I didnt expect anything like the aforementioned, but, i'll be honest, and i'll tell you what, they do a darn good job here. The world cafe for breakfast is as good as it gets ....anywhere!!!! Japanese and Italian restaurants were great. Friday nights BBQ at the World Cafe was not only fun, but the food was awesome. Someone recently wrote about meal size and/or portions. That is silly, We ate Italian twice and couldnt decide on our entrees, so we each ordered 2 entrees. No problem. At Oceana, we asked for baby lobsters (which arent even on the menu) and got 4 of them. No problem. Ask, they'll do anything. We called for more corona's in the room and they started bringing it by the 12 pack of mini bottles. Then they fill the ice bucket for you and stuff it full of mini corona's (Hint: Get limes from the lunch buffet by pool!!!!). or ask, they'll bring those too. Shrimp tacos and seafood paella at lunch were outstanding. Top shelf liquor is readily availabe, again just ask. Order a captain and coke, stoil and cranberry, jack and coke, 7 & 7. Whatever, they dont hold back. Any review on here that makes it sound like the do is wrong. Just order it how you want ( Just like at home). I drank Bombay Sapphire martini's at the lounge in the main lobby each night. We reserved a swim out preferred club room. Wow did we get lukcy. Our rooom was beachfront/oceanfront. There were 2 obstacles between our patio and the beach and that was: #1- the swim out pool (basically our own private pool) and #2- the turtle bar. Wow, roughing it !!!!!! it was literally the best room in the place. The swim up water temperature was absolutely perfect. Anyone who says its too cold to use is being nothing other than a typical entitled american who likes to complain. I brought 7 pairs of socks and never used any. Speaking of complainers, we observed a mother, daughter and the daughters wedding party in the world cafe one morning for breakfast. They tried to pull tables together for seating. The friendly (to a fault) staff explained you cant do that for numerouse different reasons. The mother proceeded to turn into the ugliest, bit**iest, most miserable excuse for a vacationer (and thats being nice) you've ever seen. She demanded the manager be called. Climbed down his throat before he could even speak. Everybody there is spending or has spent money to be there, but these are the type people you cant please. Everyone knows someone like this miserable lady I'm talking about. Trust me when i say, these are the ones who write bad reviews and make potential travelers leary about Secrets Maroma. Pay no attention to whatever you read negative here. Just do it. Go and relax. Turn your phone off, sleep away the day in the sun. We're going back and I know exactly the room number i'm going to request. Email me and i'll tell you it :)