We had a great week here for our honeymoon. We found that there were not many younger couples honeymooning there, likely due to the price of the resort, but it was still an amazing time. The service in this place is second to none. From the house keeping to the restaurants and pool service, they were definitely ahead of the game. You can tell the crew genuinely takes pleasure in providing the service. Having stayed at other resorts in the past, I would put this near the top in terms of service and feel it is a huge differentiator for this resort. The entertainment is cheesy sometimes but the crew works hard and there were some good shows during our week stay. The American Idol show, the Rock Concert Show, and the Love & Marriage shows were all great. You can figure out who the entertainment staff are by their white polo shirts, and if you follow them around they will typically entertain you throughout the day if you need coaxing. They're always doing some random games or events around the resort, day and night. The food was definitely plentiful and overall pretty good. Their take on what we consider Italian or French is a bit skewed, but the food is good nonetheless, and service always very good for us. At the buffet we only had 1 day where the server got us drinks then disappeared - the rest of the week there was no issue. We did a spa package together... it was my first time in one of those spas, but my wife's a seasoned pro. It was quite expensive compared to what I'm used to shelling out for her spa gifts, but I believe it was worth every penny. We did a package that gave us four treatments side by side for about 4 hours, so we did splurge a bit, but it was great. The same people performed each service on us the whole time, which made tipping one person each at the end easier than having to track down everyone we'd just seen. The massage was fantastic, and the facility was great. We went about an hour early to enjoy the pools, sauna, steam room, etc. The only thing I was not a huge fan of was their high pressure "unlimited vacation" preferred club sales. Upon checking in, I had to avoid these guys pulling me into a side hallway to discuss their "not timeshare" plans for free coupons / resort credits. After this, they called me in the room, came to my room knocking, and were outside bothering people poolside a few of the days we were there. This is definitely a turn off. Overall fantastic experience - would go back in a minute - cannot wait to celebrate a 5 year anniversary or some other special occasion here. **We shot some video of the room we stayed in and will post to YouTube and update this when we get it posted. We stayed in a Jr. Ocean View Suite, which had 2 hot tubs (one inside, one outside on the patio). It was a great room and view.