We were very thrown off when we pulled off the main road onto a dirt road that eventually became a one lane brick road thru thick vegetation. But all of a sudden a beautiful resort appeared at the end! We were with a group, about 75 of us total for 5 days. Check in was easy for us, our room was not ready at 2:30pm so we had lunch at the Seaside Grill. Finally got into our room, unpacked and got in the pool. That night was a private dinner for us on the beach, was expecting the worst of a buffet but it was quite good, many options for us and the chef at the grill would custom cook meat for us happily. The next day we got a palapa on the beach for the morning, walked the beach. Very relaxing, Benito was ready to serve us drinks right away. That night we went to the steakhouse for dinner. We were all tempted by the Kobe sirloin until we learned it's cooked for 9 hours. Not sure if it's a roast but we tasted it and nothing special. Our "regular" steaks were delicious. Wine was a little strange, we asked to buy a better bottle and were told that the house wine by the glass is the same for free. Um, not really. We were up early the next day, got some great chairs by the pool to take advantage of snacks/lunch by the chefs. We had another private dinner that night, red snapper that was very good. Our last full day we picked one of the beds by the pool for some shade, great for naps. Had a few late drinks and went back to the room, at 5:30 our room was just being made up. It was the only day it happened though. Went to Bordeaux, the French restaurant that night, I had the beef filet and husband had the veal chop. Both were very good, the sommelier was a little pushy there, we bought a bottle but not nearly as high priced as he wanted. Breakfast every morning at the World Cafe was to die for, got to have the crepes!! We did check out the nightly entertainment, the comedian was terrible, American Idol was just ok and the Elvis show was funny. Overall, the food was by far the best we have had at an all inclusive before, lots of options, bigger portions than other resorts and never greasy "fake" american food. Service was great, all of the employees were very friendly and really seemed happy even though they definitely worked long hard hours. The room was nice, very clean. No issues with hot water or water pressure the entire time we were there. We did not have a tub on the porch or swim out room but could definitely see how the swim out rooms would not be worth the money, no privacy and it seemed like all buildings were in the shade most of the day. Did not use room service, excursions or the spa just due to lack of time. Wireless internet did not exist in our room in Bldg 21 or at the World Cafe. Didn't try it anywhere else. For the money, we felt like it was a great value and would definitely go back again.