My wife and I just returned from a wonderful trip to Secrets Maroma Beach. A big thanks to everyone who wrote a review. It was a big part of my decision making process. I can say the reviews are very accurate here and there were not big surprises during our stay. Here is my two pesos on SMB. The Food I never had a complaint about the food. Portions were a nice size and you always left with a full belly. Our favorite restaurant was Bordeaux (French). I highly recommend the duck. It melted in your mouth. We also loved the Barefoot Grill and the service at the pool. I loved the shark and the ribs. The only restaurant we did not go to was the Patio (Mexican). I get enough Mexican food in the states. The Drinks We loved the top shelf choices. I would start everyday with coffee with a shot of Baileys. At the pool a variety of fruity drinks with Appleton Estates Rum or Kettle One. At night Grey Goose Martinis. All you had to do was ask, otherwise you got well which was pretty bad although you could not really tell in the frozen drinks. We werent there to get drunk so I felt the strength of the drinks were just fine. When I felt I was getting too much of a buzz I would just switch to beer for a couple of rounds. I also loved starting the day at the pool with the Fresh Mint drink with no alcohol. My wife drank the chardonnay which she felt was fine, but we are not that picky. The only complaint I had was my martinis at the Theater. I ordered Grey Goose, but got well. I didnt investigate why, I just figured they didnt have it there. As some other guests on Trip Advisor commented, we did not feel sick at all during the trip. We drank the water in the restaurants and enjoyed the ice in our drinks. The Entertainment The entertainment staff was awesome. They worked so hard to make sure everyone was having fun. Pool and beach games during the day and they ran the evening entertainment at the theater at night. It took us 5 days to make it to the theater, but once we saw the shows we wished we would have gone every night. They were so fun and entertaining. We got to participate in the perfect couple contest. We loved it even though we came in second. I recommend getting involved for at least a couple of games, you wont regret it. The Pool We are early risers and got to the pool by at least 9:30. We didnt have a problem getting a seat. The front row at the beach side pool was the best. You could see the surf and hear the waves roll in all day. Those were the first seats to go in the morning. I loved the seat saving policy. The staff would clear your items if you left them for more than 30 minutes prior to 10:30. We got some seats after they cleared one morning. The people came back later and I had to explain that the pool staff had moved their stuff. They said they had just left to go get ready, but I called BS and said we had been there for about an hour and a half. It did not end up being a big issue. Its nice to know that policy prior to traveling. The service was also great! The Beach This is one of the most beautiful beaches I have ever been to. Maroma Beach is touted to be one of the best beaches in the World and I can see why. The sand was soft and the surf was mellow. There was food and drink served on the beach which was nice. Our drink service was a bit slow, but we had moved our seats up closer to the water so we were not in the normal seating area. That may have played a part in the slow service. The swing bar was also a fun place to hang out. We got a Hobie sail boat ride out to the reef which was really fun. There were also Kayaks to take out, but we didnt use them. We also did not encounter tons of pushy vendors like in Cancun. 1 or 2 at the most and they were very polite. The Room We had a Preferred Swim-up Suite in building 25. The room was nice and well kept. I loved coming back at night all hot and sticky for a quick dip to cool off. We didnt use it as much as our swim up at the Royal in Cancun, but the set up was different there. I am still glad we got it. We also liked the Preferred Club Lounge. Although you didnt get much, but I found it to be so convenient. It was easy to get my coffee in the morning and a quick snack. I would also get a couple of drinks to bring back to the room every evening when we were getting cleaned up to go out. You could always get any questions answered if your concierge was busy with another guest. General Tips At the airport, bypass the people who look like airport employees ready to help answer any of your transportation questions. They are just trying to get you to check out another resort. I told them my name and where we were staying and got a call the next morning to see if we wanted someone to come pick us up to bring us over to their resort. We had no problem finding our pre-arranged transportation once we walked outside. It is always good to tip a couple of bucks to everyone who serves you. We left $5 at dinner, I would randomly give our pool server a couple of bucks throughout the day. I gave $5 at the end of my trip to the girl who made me my coffee every morning and $20 to our concierge at the end of the stay. I think it is very much appreciated. Bring sun screen. We learned this on our last trip to Cancun. We ran out within a day and were at the mercy of the gift shop. This time we brought enough for two trips, but never got burnt. We also hit up the tanning bed 4-5 times prior to traveling. If you live in a cold climate like we do I highly recommend this. It would suck to ruin your trip by getting fried on the first day. We took two trips in to Playa Del Carmen for shopping. It was a fun place, but very commercialized. Plenty of places to pick up souvenirs to take back home. The cab ride was $22 each way and you could arrange for the same driver to come pick you up if you wanted. If you wanted to get a ride from one of the drivers there you had to negotiate your rate. We had no trouble finding someone to take us back for $22 as well. A Couple of Negatives Although 99.9% of our trip was spectacular there were a couple of minor issues. First off it is noisy in the morning. Our suit was in the middle of the building across from the ice machine. Everything echoed so much due to the concrete construction it was a little annoying. Good thing was we get up early anyway so it was not a big deal, but if you really like to sleep in expect some noise. We also did not get any turn down service the first two nights. I inquired with our concierge and the problem was solved for the remainder of our stay. The bath water was also discolored. One of the other guests said it was rust in the pipes which made sense to me. They will also try and sell you on the time-share. If you want to do the tour they will offer you credit at the spa or a romantic dinner on the beach, plus a free 3 night stay for the next time you come. We were not interested and if you are very clear about that they wont bother you about it. I was interested in the bottom line though. How much was the buy-in and what did you get? I wasnt interested enough to waste a whole morning and miss out on getting a good spot at the pool, but if anyone could comment on this I would really appreciate it. Boy thats all I can think of, again it was a great trip and you wont be disappointed if you choose to go to SMB. We enjoyed it up to the very end with room service 20 minutes before our airport transportation picked us up and we handed the bell boy our drinks as we reluctantly got into the van.