Secrets Maroma Beach Where to begin?? This was our second trip to SMB. I wrote a very lengthy review last April when we returned but thought I have to write another because the resort has changed sooooo much in the past year. Grounds: Lush and Beautiful! Everything has grown and matured very nicely. I even noticed that the swim out rooms have a ton more privacy then last year. Pool: Nice as ever. Be forewarned.. towel game is a no no. They WILL remove your stuff if you are one of those a-holes who like to get up at 7am and go put your stuff on a chair and not return for a few hours. I had the pleasure of laughing at several people when they returned to their chairs and their stuff was placed gently on a sitting chair near by and new people were already sitting in the saved chairs. It sort of made my day a little each day watching this happen to several people. After 10:30am each day you could save any chair you wanted though without having to worry about your stuff being moved by staff. Beach: Still one of the top 10 in the world. Nothing else has to be said about it. Pool/Beach Service: EXCELENT. Your drink wont even be gone and you will have another sitting next to you without having to ask. Food: Excellent at every restaurant. World Caf for breakfast is a must. Barefoot grill near the pool is a must for lunch + the taco cart that rolls around the pool area. Activities: Everything from Spanish lessons to How to make Guacamole to Yoga. You name it and Im sure they probably have it. The entertainment team is very fun and upbeat at all times. Rooms: Very spacious and beautiful. I was fortunate enough to stay in building 27 top floor ocean front during my stay but the room I had was no different then the swim out room I had last year other then one was a swim out and one was ocean front view with a terrace. The amenities in each room were identical. The room layout was identical. Room Amenities: This one surprised me a bit because literally anything you needed was there at no additional cost. Toothbrush, tooth paste, comb, hairdryer, sunscreen, body lotion, shampoo, conditioner, soap, etc And if it wasnt there all it took was a phone call to the concierge and you had what ever you needed within an hour. Shows: There are different shows nightly. We did not make it to all of them but the one that really stood out to us was the Love and Marriage show. It was hilarious! Service: Now this one really put me over the top to return a 3rd time in the future. You go without nothing at SMB.The service we received last year was excellent but this year they somehow managed to get even better. I was fortunate enough to run into some folks that were at SMB last year during my stay from Boston. As the week went on my wife and I had dinner with these folks several times and also spent several days hanging out with them by the pool, beach, lobby bar, etc well one night we all decided to go to the steak house for dinner. After dinner was complete the waiter offered us a desert menu. We had asked him if he could get us the fried ice cream that the Himatsu restaurant offers (keep in mind that the steak house is very close to the pools and the Himatsu is up in the main building with all the other restaurants). He said hold on a moment please and off he went to the manager. The next thing I see is the manager literally take off RUNNING. In the mean time the waiter came by and dropped off after dinner drinks at our table without us even ordering them. 3 minutes later the waiter comes back with 2 plates of fried ice cream. Now that is service beyond belief. Obviously we tipped the waiter very well but to be honest. He probably would have done it regardless if we tipped or not. I seriously can not say enough good things about this resort. From the moment we checked in until the moment we left we were treated like royalty. The second day of our trip I ran into the concierge we had last year (Carlos) just in passing and my jaw almost hit the ground when he stopped me and said Hola Mr. Last Name . Im sure he has a list of all of the guests but come on. How in the heck would he remember my face and name like that without even blinking an eye. Its the little things like that that will have you craving to come back. Secrets Maroma Beach my wife and I thank you for an unbelievable anniversary stay. From the management to the guy who cleared the plates from the table, you folks are truly amazing from top to bottom and give the people of Mexico the ultimate respect you so deserve. Without you folks Secrets Maroma would not be World Class. Ok Im going to wrap this up but I have to give a special shout out to my friends Eddie & Elisa from Boston! Without you guys this trip would have been great but your wittiness, friendship, and laughter just put it over the top for us and we are very happy we got to share and create new memories with you. Eddie you got $5 bucks? :)