My husband and I booked our 20th anniversary getaway online through Apple Vacations, which I would recommend. If we had any questions prior to our departure, Apple was very accessible with just a phone call. To our delight, Apple had overbooked our resort which was originally Secrets Capri. They offered to move us to Maroma Beach--a significant upgrade--and we joyfully accepted! Apple met us at the airport where we loaded onto a passenger van for the 25-minute, nonstop drive to the resort. Don't be intimated by the road leading into Maroma; the outside of the resort didn't look all that impressive either. However...one step inside and you will see that this is the epitome of luxury and paradise! Our check-in was uneventful. We expected the time share pitch, and we accepted, knowing the reward of $200 spa credit would be worth it later on. (And after experience a Swedish massage for two--it was definitely worth our investment of time!) The next morning at 8:30, we had breakfast with our time share salesman, who thereafter gave us a tour of the facility. Overall, he was pleasant to talk with, though I wouldn't have preferred my very first breakfast to be spent with a "third wheel". At any rate, following the tour, we were presented with the details of their marketing plan. What was promised to take only 90 minutes total (breakfast and tour included), ended up being three hours! We did not agree to pay their ridiculous price ($40K to $100K), but the salespeople were kind and did not pressure us to buy. And they did follow through with the promise of spa credit, which, as I said, made the presentation bearable. Regarding our accomodations, our room was amazing! I won't write about the details--it's more fun to be surprised! We were given a second floor room in building 15, which did not have a "partial view" of the ocean as promised in the brochure. BUT--we could hardly complain since this was an upgrade from Capri for us. The ocean waves could still be heard every night and we actually enjoyed our private balcony hideaway which was tucked away from the pools and people. The pools, beach, and restaurants are exactly as pictured in the brochure. (Sometimes you wonder if the brochures are giving you the best photos of their resort just to reel you in--it happened to us on our honeymoon in the Poconos!) The beach is extremely clean, well-manicured and gorgeous!! Many of the people we talked to said of all the resorts they have been to, this beach was the best of them all. And this is what was said of the resort, too. We were told, "You picked the best place for your first all-inclusive resort vacation!" Not enough can be said about the service--always with a smile and "it's a pleasure". Take some $1 bills with you and tip them: housekeepers, bartenders, wait staff. I've heard that they don't earn much, so even a dollar is a blessing to them (though the service would still be exemplary if you didn't tip). All the food was amazing--gourmet and presented beautifully. I like that the portions are small. It made more room for an appetizer, soup, salad, and dessert! Our favorite meal was at Oceana and Bourdeaux, though all the restaurants were excellent. If you want to experience the tappanyaki table at Himitsu, make your reservation upon arrival. There was never a wait at any of the restaurants. Guys must wear long pants in order to eat inside, but other than this, pretty much anything goes--casual to elegant and everything in between. We also participated in the "Fire and Ice" Dinner Show, which was a fun change of pace with a huge buffet. Breakfast every morning at the World Cafe--I'd highly recommend the omelets and crepes! I've never seen a bigger breakfast buffet in my life--something for everyone. And don't forget to eat in and order room service one night! It's offered 24 hours, which satisfied my husband's late night craving for calamari! Must-try drinks: Iceberg (if you like beer), Mango Tango, Blue Hawaiian, Mudslide, Seabreeze, Dirty Monkey, Vodka and Lemonade, and an Espresso Martini at the lobby bar. Ask the bartenders for a drink menu, and have fun experimenting! The "Taco Cart" next to the pool (on the left if you are facing the ocean) had the best shrimp and pork tacos for lunch! We didn't discover this until the last day. :-( Also, the BBQ grill on the beach makes great hamburgers--don't miss them! We are wine lovers, and the house wine was just fine. If you wanted something more, there was an extensive wine menu. I cannot comment on the entertainment, as we preferred to eat dinner than retire in our room. There were many activities offered all throughout the day--both fun and entertaining. We also did not plan for any excursions, but one couple that we met did plenty of them and were pleased. You can book the excursions at the resort at the Aqua World hut located on the resort grounds. In our opinion, the best pool was "Infinity" which faced the ocean. It was more quiet than the "bar pool". Get your stuff out there early, as the seats fill up fast. This was never a problem for us since we loved watched the Mexican sunrise. I heard that the pool concierge removed belongings before 10:30 that were left for more than 30 minutes. This was not our experience, nor did I see this happening, but be advised nonetheless. Bring at least a 30 SPF sunscreen and apply often, especially after swimming. We didn't realize that you can still get a tan on the beach even in the shade, as the sun reflects off the white sand. Even with a high SPF, we still came home with gorgeous, golden tans! Don't torture yourself and get sunburned! The Spa...13,000 square feet--13,000!! My hubby treated me to a facial and pedicure. We used our spa credit for a 50-minute Swedish massage--awesome! For any spa service, you can relax in their hydrotherapy spa for an hour before or after. Take advantage of this! You might want to consider bringing extra money to experience this luxury. Worth every penny! One more bit of advice: I packed way too many clothes! If you are planning to stay at the pool or beach each day, you can wear your bathing suit and cover up to breakfast then head to the water right after that. I wore my bathing suit all day and then showered and changed into evening wear for dinner. I hardly touched my day clothes as we preferred to stay at the resort. Especially if you have to pay for luggage, think about packing a carry on instead. It would really be enough clothing. Shampoo, shower gel, soap, lotion, hair dryer, iron, and towels are provided by the resort. I titled this post "Lovers Paradise" because Maroma is exactly that. I can think of no better place to celebrate our 20 years of wedded bless. Really, I have nothing negative to say about this resort at all (except to bring your own pillow, as the pillows were lumpy. Otherwise, the beds were quite comfy!). Maroma went out of their way to make sure our getaway was relaxing and romantic. If God should grant us another opportunity to experience this resort again, we would go back tomorrow! Unforgettable!