Wow, my husband and I just returned from secrets Maroma. I can't tell you all how fantastic this resort is. Front desk: Upon your arrival they welcome you with a smile a drink and a cold cloth. They do sometimes overbook and ask you if you would like to go to their other resort for one night. They offer 200.00 to spend at the spa. We said no, we had traveled all day from NY and didn't want to leave. They were good about it and got us into our room. They do try to get you to go to a meeting "about their place" and offer 3 night stay to be used in the next 18 months. I was not interested at all and they were okay when I let them know, NO Thanks! The Room: Huge, gorgeous, nice hot tub, walk in shower, amazing bed. The most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! The balcony was beautiful and the view, all the rooms have a front view. Even if you don't have a pool or ocean view. the view is beautiful. I don't think there could be a bad room. Room Service: 24 hr a day!!!! You can call at 2 am and order spaghetti, ribs, chicken, tacos, etc etc etc, Liquor too , and American beer if you wish!!! The Food: FOOD FOOD FOOD, and quality. We only made it to the Italian, Mexican and Steak restaurant and It was okay with that, The food at the pool was very tasty, Fresh fish cooked on the grill, hamburg's, hots chicken, fajitas fries , guacamole, etc . They have staff walk around the pool in the afternoon with appetizers, soooo good. The staff:\ There are so many to mention, I cant recall all of their names. but I will name a few, Ricky/Ricardo, he is the youngest of the team, and as sweet as can be , he is a great asset to the resort. Uzeil, we all called him ouzie, he was also an amazing young man, always smiling and keeping us happy. just a few more names, Alex, Tomas, soooo cute and entertaining too!!! / Charlie Sheene!!! CC , just a sweetheart. They were all great so sorry if I didn't mention your name. House Keeping: They are pleasant and keep the rooms clean and stocked. Concierge : Mauirsio, he was outstanding. Always greeting us with kindness and could answer any questions we had. I told him that it was my husbands birthday on the 4th and asked if they could decorate the door like I had seen for others. Even though it was last minute and the usually require 24 hr notice, When we came back to the room 2 hrs later, It was done, ballons and ribbon on the bed posts, it was a happy surprise. We were sorry that we couldn't say good bye to him when we left, he was not at his desk, But If you get a chance to read this, thank you for everything!!! The Bars: Top shelf liquors the bartenders were very accommodating new you by name or state and what you liked to drink only after serving you one or 2 times. We have been to several resorts before, Sandals, Iberstar, H10 Sandos, etc, None could compare to this Secrets @ Maraoma. We will be back, and soon!!!!!!! If you have any questions I would be happy to answer them for you if I can.