I spent many late nights researching resorts trying to avoid spending the extra money on Secrets Maroma, but eventually caved, and am so glad I did. This was our first visit to Mexico and first all-inclusive experience so I'm sure we were easy to please, but were told by many other travelers that we started with one of the best they've ever had. We arrived untrusting of even leaving our suitcases by the door, but the resort quickly earned our trust. We did have a gentleman try to get us to participate in what I figured was a time share speal, I politely declined and he took no for an answer. He was pleasent and even offered me sunscreen a while later after we got changed to enjoy the resort for the day while waiting our room. Front desk staff was not overly friendly but we received a nice welcome and soon found service to be amazing! Julio was the first we encountered at the lobby bar and started our vacation out right with his special concoction "white sands". Pedro at Seaside Grill quickly became a friend. Rueben at the beach bar was also a pleasant character we enjoyed chatting with. The entertainement staff were ALL fantastic and a joy to be around. Our concierge, William, was more then willing to help us with anything we needed. Timing of everything was impeccable, our concierge even knew who we were when we arrived at our building....they've got it together for sure. Every night we would get a itinerary of the next days's events. I LOVED the decor of the entire resort. The rooms and grounds were spotless. Maid service did a great job. Turn on the 'Don't Disturb Light' and they will not bother you early if you don't wish and will likely leave you a card to call them to come back later. The drinks and food were great. I wish I wouldn't had waited until the last day to check out the coffee shop because it was delightful. Sometimes a meal would be "not our favorite" but only due to personal preference and a willingness to try something different. Drinks were always good, if we would have wanted them stronger etc they would likely honor our request. Lunchtime was my favorite meal of the day....our favorite was the Seaside Grill, everything we tried was fantastic...even the steak. Room service was fast and always very good! We did tip because we appreciated the great service, but would have still got good service if we didn't. I was embarrased by the tourists who treated staff rudely and demanded their requests....a little kindess and respect goes a long way. The beach is what was worth the extra expense for me. I'm by no means a seasoned ocean swimmer, but had the time of my life there! I couldn't even find a seashell on the beach or on the ocean floor, it was unreal! You can walk for miles either direction with bare feet. Some new friends had brought pieces of bread to feed the angelfish in the waist deep water and they swam around so close you could touch them.