As an experienced Secrets Resort vacationer, Secrets Maroma Beach ROCKED!!!! My husband & I have stayed at 5 Secrets resorts - both Excellence Resorts (in Mexico & Punta Cana), of which are no longer owned by Secrets, also stayed at Secrets Silversands (in '09) & Secrets Sactuary Cap Cana (in Oct. '10). Secrets Maroma Beach is probably our favorite to date!!! I have to say, that this resort REALLY stood out in the service department!!!! The service at this resort is like NO OTHER!!!!! Kudos to all of the workers at Secrets Maroma Beach...they truly work very hard to make your vacation that much more enjoyable!!!! I rarely (never) had an empty glass!!! :) Being 25 minutes from the airport, that is always a PLUS!!! We were upgraded to a swim out suite, which was TOO COOL!!! Though I have to say, I wouldn't pay extra for the swim out suites at Maroma Beach. It's very pretty & cool to look out to a lovely pool, but it's not like you can relax out there (there is only one lounge chair) and the pool was cool- but that was probably the time of year we went. The rooms are beautiful, have plenty of space for two & very clean. The bed/pillows were very comfy too! The beach is THE BOMB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You can walk for miles in either direction & the water is absolutely gorgeous! The umbrella 'huts' on the beach are a bit crowded & sit up very high, so to be in the shade, can be pretty tricky, but it didn't really bother us... plus we mainly hung at the pool & would take a walk on the beautiful beach each day. The restaurants were AWESOME!!! Himitsu is our favorite- which we already knew from the other Secrets we went to. The Secrets Resorts have the same restaurants at each resort. The Steak at the French Restaurant (Bordeaux) was AMAZING!!! Everything we ate was mouthwatering delicious!!!!! Starting w/ the most amazing breakfast spread I have EVER seen to lunch & dinner. Oh, and lets not forget about Room Service!!!! They give you a time & they are right on!!! We asked them each time to put the food in the "Secrets Box" & each time they did. The Spa is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!!! And my massage was AWESOME!!!!! The hydrotherapy circuit was very cool as well... highly recommend the massage. We got a couples massage & it can be a bit pricey, but it's the only extra money we spent, except for tips. We brought $100 for tips... and I'm so glad we did. The employees here work so hard to make your vacation enjoyable, the least I can do is thank them w/ a couple dollars. And they very much appreciated it. I can't speak more highly about Secrets Maroma Beach & the Secrets Resort chain. We will definately return!!!!!!! And I have gotten 5 of my friends to go to a Secrets resort!!! And they have all returned w/ rave reviews!!!! HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! Now... if there were only a reward for return customers or us customers who recommend it to others!!! You would think I worked for the resort with how passionately I talk about it!!!