We just returned from an amazing vacation at Secrets Maroma. We stayed from 3/22/11 through 3/27/11, which was not nearly enough time. I'll try to touch on everything that stuck out to me. ATMOSPHERE: My girlfriend and I are both 28 years old and chose Secrets Maroma because we wanted a releaxing get away. It was exactly that. We guessed that were were the youngest people there. I'd say that there's a lot of 40-50 somethings and a good deal of late 30-something parents, getting away from their children. Everyone seemed to be looking for the same relaxing time, with the exception of a few people who were into partying by the pool, doing shots, etc. It was all good because you could get away to the beach or the other pool if that's not your thing. It's not a crazy party resort, but it seemed as if everyone was having a great time. I know we were. SERVICE: Incredible. Everyone is so nice and seems genuinely happy to be serving you. I am sure they don't make much money, but they must be treated well because everyone seemed very happy. We brought $150 in singles for tip money and gladly used every last dollar. However, we noticed a lot of people weren't tipping and were getting the same excellent service. An earlier review touched on corporate groups. There were a few small ones when we were there, but there were no huge groups that ruined the vacation or anything. However, I completely agree with the reviewer that SM needs to decide whether or not they want to be a romantic couple's get away, or a place for corporate training/retreats. The days that the groups were out, it was annoying getting into restaurants and it was much louder by the pool. Don't advertise that it's a romantic get away type place, then have 200 people from a company overrun the place. Like I said, it wasn't bad when we were there, but I could certainly see it being bad. It was the only negative review we put on the Secrets Survey they give you when you check out and I hope they pay attention to these reviews. ARRIVAL: We arrived at SM at around 12:00 noon. We used Cancun Transfers, who I highly recommend for transportation, and had a private SUV trip to the resort. Upon our arrival, we were greeted with cold towels and champagne. We immediately sat down at the check in desk and were informed that our room wasn't ready yet. We were given a buzzer and checked our luggage in with the front desk staff. This was actually a great opportunity to acquaint ourselves with the resort and make the appropriate reservations. We went to the spa and booked a couple's massage, went to the front desk and booked the Tepanyaki (sp) table at Himitsu, and grabbed a bite to eat. Around 2:00 our buzzer still hadn't went off yet but we knew that check in was at 3:00. Regardless, we decided to walk by our room in building 14. When we got there, we noticed that the maid had just come out. She told us that the room was ready, so we went back to the check in desk and they checked us in. ROOM: We were on the second floor in building 14. I've read complaints regarding hot water but ours was very hot. We didn't have a view of the ocean whatsoever, but it didn't bother us and we didn't really expect it to begin with. I don't have any serious complaints; but there were a few minor things. Turn down service was inconsistent and I believe we got it 2 nights out of 5. I think we would have gotten it on other nights, but we were back in the room relatively early. We went to bed at 9:30 one night and 10:00 the two nights we didn't get turn down service. Also, one time we went back to the room and there was a maintenance cart outside of it. When I walked in, there was a guy working in our bathroom and had completely removed the toilet. We hadn't reported any toilet problems, but guessed that maybe there was a leak in the room below us. The maintenance guy didn't speak any English and our concierge wasn't around, so we never did find out what happened. Anyway, it put us out of our room for 40 minutes. No big deal, but kind of a pain in the butt. We had just had a massage and then ate and wanted to change to hit the pool. SHOWS: We attended four shows during our stay. We were surprised that the theater seemed to be pretty empty for all of them. If you get there a little early, they show full-length Michael Jackson videos, which was kind of cool. We were most excited for the Elvis show after reading the reviews. We were disappointed and left about half-way through. It's not much of a show, just a guy singing two to three lines from multiple Elvis songs, then going on weird rants to the audience, telling everyone to drink more to make the show better. It sounds funny when I write it, but it was just weird and not really entertaining or funny. The next show we attended was the Bob Fosse tribute show. I had no clue who Bob Fosse was, but apparently he wrote Chicago and Cabaret and a bunch of other successful musicals. The show was a couple of dance numbers from a few of his more famous shows. My girlfriend loved it and it was definitely her favorite show. Like I said, not really my thing, but the dancers were talented and it was worth seeing. Good show. There was a Fire/Ice show outside of Oceana one night that was awesome. It blows my mind seeing what those performers do with fire. Lots of crazy stuff and definitely worth a watch. Limited seating so get out there at a decent time. Someone left and we got great seats, though. Our final show was the Mayan show on the beach. It was Sat. March 26 from 8:30 - 9:30, which is global lights out hour. They turned off most of the lights at the resort and the show was in the middle of some tiki-torches. The problem was that you couldn't see anything at all. Not good planning but I guess it's not a problem that most people would have. It looked like it may have been cool if I could see it. Mayan dancers, musicians, etc. SPA: The spa was one of the best parts of our stay. We booked a couple's massage and it was amazing. For an hour before your spa appointment, you have access to the hydrotherapy circuit. It was okay, but could have been better. The sauna and steam room aren't hot enough. Also, the pools were pretty chilly, which surprised us as the weather was consistently in the mid 80s. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. The massage on the other hand was glorious and I highly recommend it. FOOD/RESTAURANTS: We found the food to be pretty darn good. When some people write reviews, they complain that it's not 5-star food as advertised. I think these people are failing to consider that food is just one part of the experience there. Of course the meals aren't going to rival some of our Chicago staples. The steaks at Gibson's are obviously better that the steaks at Bordeaux. You have to know that going there. The Italian restaurant was really good. We had wonderful service and the food was really good. I recommend the eggplant parm appetizer. I had the parm encrusted chicken and my girlfriend had the sea bass and we both loved our meals. The French restaurant was just okay. No real complaints about our food but nothing to write home about. I had the steak and my gf had salmon. The Japanese restaurant, Himitsu, was incredible. We did make reservations for the Tepanyaki talbe and I would certainly recommend that you do the same. We arrived to find out that the other 4 people had cancelled and that we had the table to ourselves. Our chef, Angel, put on a hell of a show, brought my gf up to try and cook, and made the rice into hearts. All little things that made the show great. The food was excellent too, although we stuffed ourselves a bit too much. The fried ice cream dessert is amazing. The Coco cafe is kind of like a Starbucks. There's all sorts of coffee/espresso drinks and some great desserts. You can also get cakes and muffins in the morning and sandwiches around lunch. We loved it and I would definitely recommend it. Oceana was the only negative dining experience we had. It mainly had to do with our server, Mario. We were seated just before a table next to us with a different server. There was a communication problem with Mario and it was clear that he didn't have a firm grasp on English. That's fine and we got through ordering appetizers, soups, and our main course. We got our drinks after about 15 minutes and they would be the only drinks we received the entire meal. Water for the lady and sparkling water for myself. Our appetizers came out like 20 minutes later. All the while, we noticed that the table next to us had already gone through appetizers and soup and there main courses were arriving. After an hour with no soup (clam chowder that I'm sure just needed to be ladled into bowls), I got up to say something to the waiter. I had to seek him out as he was coming nowhere near us. He apologized and said it would be right out. The soup came about 10 minutes later and the main course followed about 15 minutes later. All the food was pretty good, but we were so disappointed by the service that it kind of ruined that meal for us. Not an indictment on the whole restaurant as the people next to us seemed to have a great experience. World Cafe was great for breakfast and lunch. They have about everything you could want, except for you have to ask for ketchup. I thought that was kind of annoying. There was also dinner buffets on the different theme nights. We went for Mexican night and it was pretty good. Nothing out of the ordinary. Seaside grill was pretty good. I had fajitas and the lady had a chicken wrap (basically a burrito). Good chips and guac. Sushi was so so. Everything had cream cheese in it and I don't really like sushi with cream cheese. The carts that came around the pool with food were all pretty good. Barefoot Grill was probably our favorite lunch spot. It was nice to just go up and get a fresh burger or chicken breast, or piece of fish with awesome french fries or chips and guac or wings and different sides. Very good when you're hanging out by the pool. POOL/OCEAN Chairs: We never really had a problem getting decent seats by the poo. We went out around 10-11 every day and sometimes we had to walk a lap or two around but we always got a seat. We stayed at Valentin Maya last year and everyone played the pool game where you got up at the crack of dawn and put your stuff on a chair to reserve it. We didn't like it, but we did want pool chairs, so we played the game. This isn't the case at SM. You're not allowed to reserve seats prior to 10:30. If you put stuff on a chair and then leave it, it will be removed after a half an hour. We had read about it on TripAdvisor but weren't sure and wanted seats, so I did put some stuff on a chair at 7:00a.m. one day. W e worked out and had breakfast and when we returned, my stuff was removed. No big deal as we found other seats. I prefer it this way anyway as it's BS that people reserve chairs and don't sit in them for 2/3rds of the day. Same story by the ocean. However, there are beds by the ocean that you can reserve for the entire day. We did this one day and it was pretty cool. Alright, I've written way too much. I was going to touch on all of the bars and other aspects of the resort, but this is getting ridiculous. The bottom line is Secrets Maroma is a great resort and I'd love to come back. However, I'd be hesitant to come back if I found out there were large corporate events going on.