Arrived home 26 March not good to be back after our experiance Lovely hotel food and service. We had building 12 2nd floor a jungle outlook but you could see the sea and cruise liners going by in the morning and evening in the far distance. View was ideal for us. Room service we received was there within 30 minutes everytime wether this was due to us being near the main building where the kitchens were, who cares it worked for us. Food 24/ 7 and of good quality . No bottles of wine but as many glasses as you want at one time so no probs.Branded drinks when you requested them. Room very comfortable and plenty of hot water, pillows were like cotton wool balls though they did have a pillow request if you wanted but we did not bother. Bars were good waiter or waitress service by pool and beach throughout the day, you could get a food menu of them and it would be brought to your lounger or take a morsal from the chefs that bring a variaty of tastes to you [ yes the chefs] amazing stuff. People have said in reviews that drinks are weak well the bar staff wiil add more if asked but i found it easier to say pocco yellow [not spelt right] which means small ice that way you are not drinking water for half your drink it took me a week to work that out. Food in all restaurants was excellently cooked, yes you have meals you did not like but that is personal preferance. The only restauant that did not hit the spot was the chinese/ japanese it is not as we know chinese/japanese in fact nothing like it but never mind we gave that a swerve and used the others so no problem. The beach was good for walking, a casual stroll of 3/4 hour and you are at the activity centre area take some dollars with you as there is a bar and food if you require it. Never bothered with the time share talk or the 200 dollar bribe we did get some room messages about it but when i said give it to charity we heard nothing more. Staff were exceptional if any of them had a bad day you would never know smilesall the time. Entertainment good first week but did the same second week but i must say watched Elvis both weeks brilliant. Any down sides, if i was being petty could do with a self service coffee machine by pool but you could get waiter service if you wanted, also a bit of good music instead of lift music all the time would of been good. Overall excellent holiday would return