Getting there - Arrive at CUN, get your bags, walk out to shuttle area, show your shuttle voucher - 30 minute van ride along American-style highway to resort - Don't be nervous when you turn off the highway into the jungle... its just the driveway to Maroma - Arrive at Maroma, receive Champaign and Moist towel (NO JOKE!) - Rooms are typically ready by 3 in the afternoon, so if you get there early, go explore after checking in The Room - Felt more luxurious than a Hyatt, Comfort Inn, or Hilton - Air Conditioning kept the room ICE cold - Room service arrives about 30-45 mins after ordering (free) - Stocked mini fridge with mini cokes, mini coronas, and mini waters (free) - Free in-room Wifi (LAN network through an AC outlet to a plug-in Wifi router) This may not be all rooms, but we had it... got ~200kbps connection - Don't be stupid, put your valuables in the complimentary safe (13" wide by 6" tall by 10" deep) - We had a minor water heat issue the fourth day, but it got resolved quickly. The Pool - You will always be able find a place to layout, no matter what time. - Be patient, people do share the floaties if you don't get one right away. - The pool-side lunch is great: spicy tacos, burgers, hot dogs, chips, coronas, pacificos, etc - I regret not taking the scuba class in the pool with my wife. I was too cheap, and now I regret it - If you don't get a towel due to the 10am rush to the pool, be patient, more will come. - The mid-day drinks seemed to be the most diluted. This was actually nice... we never had a bunch of drunks brawling about the place. The Beach (water activities) - All I could think of was, "I need to set this as my desktop background." Hahaa - Be sure to take out a Hobie (free)... its so much fun, and beautiful!!! If you don't know how to sail one, make a friend, and have them show you how. It is really quite easy. - Wind sailing, kayaking, big and little hobies are all included. - Beach side service is the slowest service (as you can just walk over to the bar if you want to get something). - Don't be scared of the schools of fish that come up to visit you in 4 foot deep water. They are harmless. By about the third day, my wife stopped jumping on my shoulders. The Weather - June/July is the rainy season. Expect a 3-5 minute random torrential downpour sometime after lunch. This had absolutely no negative impact whatsoever on our trip. It was actually kind of fun, and nice because it is pretty hot. - It is pretty hot, yet I have no complaints. Water and drinks are plentiful. - Comparable to southern Florida in the summer, minus a lot of the humidity The Food - I'm not picky on food, but my wife is. She loved every restaurant on the resort. - I don't want to speculate, but my wife ate a lot of fruit and had an upset stomach for two weeks upon return. Be careful when eating lots of fresh fruit in Mexico! - Guys bring a pair of slacks and a couple nice shirts so you fit the dress code for the restaurants Day-trip to Playa - Don't waste your time, or your money. It is $25 each way cab ride. Downtown Playa seems pretty Americanized... (there is a Starbucks lol). The bargaining here is not nearly as fun as it is near the US border (like in Nogales south of Tucson). Entertainment - We had an "american idol" sing off by hotel guests -- winner got a free 5-night stay. - We also had fire-dancers another night, which was great. - There was an elvis impersonator concert one night -- suuuuper cheezy, but fun. The Crowd - Lots of honeymooners - Age range is younger (more 20s,30s,40s, a few 50+s) - Fun and polite -- not "uppity or snooty" - Make it a point to get to know at least one other couple... if you stay completely to yourselves, the resort can get small fast. The Staff - Impeccable. Honestly, I was blown away by the professionalism. I don't get this kind of professionalism in the US! These people bend over backwards to accommodate you, and always say "It's a pleasure." Annoyances - The staff was a little loud about trying to get people engaged in athletics during 10am-3pm. You can avoid this by laying out on the beach, instead of by the pool. - Because the door to the room is not insulated (3-5mm gap from floor to door), you get hall noise from people at night. - I was always pressured to buy wine at dinner... no matter which restaurant we went to. I absolutely hate being pressured by waiters to spend more money... in the US or in Mexico... it is no different.