Went down for a too short 5 day getaway w/o kids to reconnect and spend time with 2 other couples. One of the best places we have been to anywhere. What the positive reviews have said here were very accurate. We will be visiting Secret's Maroma again... Room: We opted for the Preferred club swim out. We enjoyed it very much and found it worth the extra expense. It was nice being on the ground floor and we visited the preferred club throughout the day: Cappuccino & fresh fruit in the morning; Night cap in the evenings. Overall a nice quiet place to relax that never had a crowd/line. Food: For a resort, the food was excellent but don't equate to a 5 star restaurant or you may be disappointed. For breakfast, World Cafe is the great... yummy omelets, a Bloody Mary station, and almost anything you could ask for. Lunch was more causal at the pool or beach. Barefoot grill had decent wings, and great ribs. I also had a tuna steak that was good at the restaurant by the main pool. For dinner, we ate at the Hibachi grill (reservations required) which is a very close approximation to Benihana. The Mexican restaurant -- GREAT tortilla soup. The Italian place which had a good lamb shank and the steak restaurant which was decent as well. Drinks: What everyone has said about the wine is true. The house wine is terrible. We ordered bottles at dinner every night which is very pricey (3x store cost). But, all other drinks were great. If you prefer top shelf liquor, make sure you specify or you will get well brand. Our favorite place was the pool bar which makes a great "golden" margarita with crushed limes, 1800 Aejo, and Grand Marnier. Staff: Wonderful staff. Always smiling. Made the stay that much more enjoyable. Pool/Beach: It was not crowded during the week and we only had trouble getting a pool chair on Sat. You are not supposed to reserve them. In the morning, if you place something on a chair and leave, the resort staff will wait 1/2 hour and then remove your items if people are waiting for chairs. After 10:30, you can keep your chair all day. The beach was beautiful. Sugary white sand, but the water was a little cold for my tastes. Spa: We did a few spa treatments. Pricey but worth the extra expense as the massages were top quality.