Ahhh, where to begin? The best...food, no complaints. We went to the Italian twice. The steaks and lobster at Seaside and Oceana were fantastic. My boyfriend loved the lamb. The drinks were great, what ever you want when ever you want...period. The room was nice, the bed very comfortable. The pillows felt like they were stuffed with cotton balls:) Not a big deal though. We each gained 6 lbs during our 9 day stay at the resort. We left to go to Tulum and Playa Del Carmen for one of the days other then that stayed at the resort. I was most impressed by the staff, the waitstaff is exceptional. The entertainment team was beamed in from another planet...This is the only explaination I can come up with. I do not know how they could be so friendly, inviting, upbeat, warm, welcoming, uplifting....etc. It was truly mind boggling. Thomas stood out the most. The guy was unbelievable. From the time we awoke to the time we went to bed we could see Thomas out and about, getting prople involved and making others smile. I could hear his WHOAAA!!! from across the resort and it made me laugh every time. Another was Marcello, when he'd annouce It's Show Time! Love the guys, they were awesome and very entertaining to watch dance at the disco. The staff works their butts off and it shows. The worst part....how bad do you want to earn a 200.00 spa credit? I convinced my boyfriend to do the promotional VIP presentation so that we could get the spa credit worth 200.00. After setting up the appointment we were informed that it would take 90mins and be done during breakfast. Three hours and 4 goon salemen later we were done and had the credit in hand. It was painful but we made it out alive, no money spent and a weeks worth of one liners gained; I would not recommend it. Next time I will opt to open my wallet for a massage instead of suffering the 3 hours of the knuckle crunchers trying to seal the deal, we seriously had 4 different guys try to close the deal. Great vacation otherwise. Advise- Skip the large groups on the snorkeling and sail boat tours; try a more intimate approach. Walk south on the beach past the abandoned mansion until you come across the 30' sail boat. Cap. Memo will take you out for 3 hours, sailing and snorkeling for 40.00/person. He takes out 4 people (max) at a time and has all of the equipment needed. This was one of our favorite things during our vacation. Memo was great and very intelligent. He enlighted us with very interesting facts about the area and the reef. Great guy, very professional, LOVED the experience. His number is [--].