First all inclusive not on the open sea, will definitely being back. We booked a swim-out preferred room and spent 6 days 5 nights. Was skeptical of area and all-inclusive, spent 9 days last summer in Maui, and both have there positives but came back just as satisfied. Room-loved the room, awesome. Great dbl jacuzzi tub, 32" flat tv, king bed was perfect (a little firm for my wife but I wanted to bring home) our room was the closest bldg to ocean (bldg 17), loved the doors open and listening and watching the ocean. Very clean, maid came late in day but was well worth the wait. Loved the free Internet with preferred. We have a two year daughter and grandparents sent several pictures and emails keeping us updated. Food-similar to a good cruise (royal car). Breakfast buffet has everything better then any cruise vie been on. Lunch we just ordered at the pool and ate at the grille. Very good not spectular. Dinner japanese steakhouse was my favorite, get reservations, Italian cruise like, Oceania and steakhouse both a little better then cruise food but liked u could sit on either side and order from either side. Drinks through out were very good. Above average quality liqour. Pool and beach- plenty of variety, wam pool, cold pool, sun shade, quiet, loud, ocean chairs, if u want top spots at pool then get out before 10 if not u will find chairs just maybe not exactly where u want. Beach very clean just beautiful, I jet skied and walk up and down, really enjoyed people watching. Love all the different cultures together. Service-I'll keep this brief, unreal and never left me wanting. We tipped but many didn't and I don't believe it really made a difference. Would recommend tipping. Spa- my wife and I each had 3 different services. Facility was so relaxing, wish the jacuzzi was hotter. The actually massage was very good, not my best ever but I did get three different massage, Swedish better then sport massage. Wish they would've asked if i want more pressure. Would recommend getting a few. Overall just great, we were headed to Vegas in July but are looking to switch and come back. I do believe preferred was worth it but I got a special on expedia and it was only about $250 for 5nights. Oh swam with dolphins and really enjoyed the experience.