Secrets Maroma Beach is top notch! We traveled there recently for an annual Corporate Incentive trip, and it was the first all inclusive trip for the group. Past trips to other chain resorts cannot compare to this destination. Our group included about 120+ couples of all ages (which other reviewers misquote as rowdy young, males only) and there was something to entertain everyone! The most surprising thing about the entire resort is how clean it is, yet you never see anyone cleaning!! The landscaping is simply gorgeous and well maintained. The overall layout is spread out, yet feels very close. I never felt like I had to walk far to get where I was going. The staff regardless of rank, goes out of their way to help you with whatever you need, and not just for tips! The rooms are nicely sized, clean with a good layout. Spa - This was the best spa that I have even been to for the total experience. Your treatment includes use of the spa circuit with steam sauna, dry sauna, outdoor shower, jacuzzi, plunge pool, etc. The spa exudes serenity and relaxation whether alone or as a couple! Prices were in line with upscale spas. Pool and Beach - one of the best I have been too. Towels were accessible and clean. Beach bar with swings is a nice touch. Beach and pool food/drink service was efficient. The pool layout with various beds and lounges was great! The beach and pool bars close at 5pm, which I am sure encourages people to head to the restaurants for dinner. Restaurants/Nightclub - We ate at the World Cafe, Himitsu, Bordeaux and Seaside Grille were excellant. Lots of menu choices and food was great. Desires Nightclub was fun, but became too warm when crowded which forced patrons out to the terrace to smoke or cool off. This could be some of the noise that other reviewer were commenting on. Our trip had planned dinners 3 out of 5 nights, which was pretty much the same Mexican buffet. Food was good, just not exciting after the 1st night. I did not drink any of the house wine, but the 2 bottles we bought at Bordeaux and Himitsu were wonderful. I can't say that the drinks were watered down so much as the ice melted very quickly in the humidity, so I stuck to beer, and the beer selection was great. Entertainment Crew - this group was awesome! From ping pong games, bingo, American Idol, Karaoke. You name, Secrets had it! There is an activity scheduled from 9am into the night. The next day's schedule is left in your room to review in advance, so you don't miss a thing. Concierge - being this was a group trip with some planned events, we did not utilize Roger as much as we would have if we traveled alone. He was great regardless! He stopped what he was doing to help with our luggage, and was always available with an "Hola" and a smile! There were some hiccups, as can be expected when traveling outside the US. An email to spa to make an appt prior to the trip was never returned, only to later find out an appt had been made, but it was rectified quickly. The "Do Not Disturb" light does not guarantee that they will not enter your room or call you a number of times. Buffets were repetitive, same food choices with minor changes nightly for 3 different events. Service is inconsistent - too good (borderline interruptive) or non-existant (Sugar Reef bartender was RUDE!) Our group plan included free wireless, but we were charged $50 USD. Jacket picked up from event by security could not be located. We did not become sick, but a good number of our group suffered from intestional distress at varying times of the trip from both food and drinks. Other reviewers commented that our group was rowdy, while the people I encountered outside our group would actually come up and stike up conversations with our group because we seemed "fun"! To each his own! Corporate Destination trips are being more and more popular as the economy recovers, so it could not hurt to inquire if there are any group trips planned when booking your trip. Otherwise, Secrets is big enough that you can find a way to escape the general noise of people having fun on vacation. And that is what a vacation is for anyway, right?!!