I am a very seasoned visitor to MX and the DR and in over 20 all inclusive trips this is tops and I can not think of a close second. In fairness this was rated much higher than others and cost more. I was on a trip with a huge group of clients. There were so many of us that I did feel bad for the other guests. If I had been there for a trip just the wife and I this would have hurt my trip. We took the place over. You could find beach peace but no pool peace durring our visit and getting a dinner table could be hard. The service here is what makes the place. Pool and beach service was amazing. You never wanted for anything. Food around the pool was so nice and extended your pool and beach time each day. I only ate in the world cafe twice and both times for breakfast. It was great but breakfast is easy. I had room service breakfast other days and it was fantastic. I also had room service a couple other times for meals and also fantastic. I loved the secret box and the food was always quick and hot. I ate in the Italian which I thought waqs good but not great. I had a party of 6 and we had to wait and hour and half. Service was also good but not great. House wine was bad (Mexican Cab). Another night we had a party of 4 in the steak house and it was amazing. We were seated on the spot and ordered an expensive bottle of wine. They treated us like kings after that. Upcharge on the wine was over the top and I am not a stranger to paying for wine. The bottle was marked up $200 which is stupid high. They did offer us all lobster tails no charge with our meat which was nice. I dont think everyone got that offer so it made the wine price more tolerable. It was our best meal there no question. Most of the other nights I was at group events that the food was just average. Upchare wine and other things were available but never pushed. If you wanted it you could have it but some other reviews led me to believe it would be pushed on you - it was not. The beach is the best i have ever seen. I walked this beach about 5 years ago so I knew what to expect. It was much nicer 5 years ago before the resorts were all built but still is amazing. The pool layout was very nice but they could use more seating. They could use more pool too. Not a huge deal but this should have been made larger with a quiet side around the building in my opinion. Even with a huge group the towell game was not bad. They did run out of seats at the pool but not due to them being saved. People were in them or you could take them. The room was very nice but not amazing. The bed was good and everything else fine. No complaints but no wow factor either. We were in building 15 which was a good location for everything and had a small ocean view. Check in and check out were a breeze and they were very helpful. We got a welcome home, wet towell, and a drink but these things are not a big deal to me. The stairs to the lobby are steap. I think that they could have designed that a little better. The resort is greal looking but not over stated. Basic elegance which is nice. I never went in the disco but most of our group did. They all had a blast but I doubt other guests did. We took that over too. The main differnece here is service. All over the place they want to please and it is always with a smile. While I dont expect it they speak english everywhere. I tried to speak my broken spanish and everyone spoke english to me. Service is without a doubt what makes this place. We did tip often but many people did not and it did not change the service level.