We arrived on 1st Jan from Scotland for an 11 night stay for our honeymoon. Everything was wonderful. We were blown away by the level of customer service and attention to detail, never experienced a level of service like it in Europe. Loved every minute. Will definitely return to Mexico and Secrets Maroma in the future. We loved: Variety of places to eat and drink The Secrets box for room service Pool & Beach not overcrowded Housekeeping superb Very safe, we misplaced expensive sunglasses at the pool and the cleaning staff handed them into lost & found, also we left the safety deposit box unlocked when rushing out for a day trip, nothing was out of place. Entertainment staff, not pushy at all Level of service at bars, despite my husband being a big tipper, even before this was known all staff very attentive and replenished our drinks when we were in the pool or in the nightclub when we were dancing. BE WARY Of upgrading to a swim up, many are in the shade all day. Of going on a short midweek break, it is very quiet on a Tuesday and Wednesday during changeover, the pool scene loses its buzz a bit and some of the restaurants are closed (although you are notified of this on the daily newsletter) Of the Secrets hotel sales pitch, we signed up to the 90 min pitch as you get a couples massage ($200 value) as an incentive, whilst the sales people are not pushy or rude, the membership is over $30,000 !! It was never going to happen! We did redeem our spa voucher and the massage was amazing! Outside the resort a lot of prices for goods/services are quoted in US Dollars, despite only pesos being accepted?? Not a prob for the American tourist but we were converting US $ into MEX then into GBP  to work out the value of things. Not the best when you are relaxing in the sun with a cocktail!! All in all it is a wonderful resort. The American and Canadian tourists insist on a level of service us Europeans don't, so if you are from the UK you are in for treat! Don't hesitate about booking it. We travelled Thomsons Exclusive A la carte, flew from Manchester direct to Cancun (no flights from Glasgow when we booked in June but I believe they now do a Glasgow-Cancun) then private transfers from airport to resort.