This is a really nice hotel, the food is excellent, the rooms are top class. The beach is as good as everyone say, and you can walk for miles in each direction if you would like to burn of some of the weight you might gain from the food and drinks (drinks by the way is also very good, not always top class on all inclusive, but they are here). Defiantly a hotel we will recommend, but for us this was a onetime stay, we will not go back. There are some things they miss out on. The first is that they promote is a honeymoon hotel, its after all an adult (couples) hotel  strange as it sounds, there are not romantic spots. Normally a hotel like this will have a chill out bar, somewhere where you can listen to relaxing music in the evening, with candles around you (you get the point). 5 minutes down the road from this hotel you have a Blue Bay hotel, which in most ways are not close to the standards of this hotel (its still a great hotel), but they have this cool bar hidden away from the crowds where you can enjoy relaxed music, drink champagne and be romantic. Secrets have instead gone for a sports type of a bar, with table tennis. Who gave them that idea. Hopefully they read this and redesign this bar next week, its just so wrong. The other major disappointment for us is some of the guest. You would say that you cant blame the hotel for this But clearly many of the guests was not the type of people you meet in 5 star hotels (at least not in Europe, where we are from). I suspect that the hotel sell their rooms last minute at to low prices, which means that people who would normally not visit a hotel like this ends up her, as its a great deal. Who can blame them. But when I pay top price for a hotel I expect that everyone else to the same, its after all a 5 star, I understand that a 3 star will do what it takes to fill their rooms, might even a 4 star, but not a 5 star. Another thing which was a surprise was the greeting we got on check in, they made a point out of the fact that we had not booked the preferred room (Preferred Club), that we would have to stay in a standard room. And we who was told that they only had junior suites and better turned out the room was great, so no need to book the preferred room (we trusted the reviews on this and they were correct, total waste of money), but we dont need the staff to talk to us like we have booked a cheap standard room  it was after all not cheap. I will end with one of the good things about the hotel (it was after all mostly good); they have started fighting the towel mafia, you know the guest who spread towels and personal belongings all over the beach and pool, to secure several sun beds. If you are not in the sun bed for 45 minutes, clearly not using it, they removed the towel and the personal belongings. Finally a hotel which took action on this. Why should some guests have 2-3 sun beds each. Not to worry, you can take a walk in the beach, or go to your room for a short while, but they will take action if you dont use your sun bed. Lets hope all hotels apply this soon, lets get rid of the towel mafia world wide!