We went to Secrets Maroma Beach for our 28th anniversary after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor. I will try to keep this fresh and not repeat all the past reviews except to say after many trips to this area of Mexico it is without a doubt the nicest we have been to and deserving of all the BEST OF awards it has. First, and foremost, the beach is everything you have read about. As a couple who grew up on the shore it is amazing to find sand that does not get hot in the sun or blow in your face when there is wind. You will find chairs no matter the time of day and service is always promt and friendly. Even the few beach vendors are laid back and accept no easily (buy cigars here - probably not cubans but way cheaper then in hotel). This is the first beach we found on this coast with real waves (3ft or so) and no coral to walk around. The only down side to the beach is the passed food rarely if ever comes down to the beach (how come Secrets?) yet it is available for about 2 hours at the pool everyday. They do have grilled burgers, dogs and seafood paella for a short hour everyday on the beach. We would go to the pool grill and do a platter of guacamole, fries and EXCELLENT wings everyday. You can also go to the Seaside grill and get SUPERB sushi to take to the beach. By the way if you go to the Seaside grill for lunch keep in mind the salad bar has excellent sushi and soups at all times which is not reflected on the menu. The Calamari is to die for and you must try it. Ask for Raul (also works at Italian rest) for good serivce. The rest of the hotel is everything you would want. We enjoyed all our meals and for the most part they were above average or better. The lunches are hugh but the dinners are small portions but you can get two entrees or double portions if you ask. The pool is nice (crowded) but we are beach people so did not use it much. The infinity pool is beautiful but a little on the cold side which can be refreshing. The grounds are lovely and well cared for. I would say do not waste money on swim outs as they rarely get sun and we never saw anybody swimming in them. We would do the lobby bar everynight and it was the perfect spot to start the evening. The restaurants in the main building all got busy by 7 so you might want to stop first to put your name in and then wait at the bar. A couple of nights they had live music and they were quite good. I would say our biggest disappointment was the nightly entertainment. After multiple visits to the area they were overall the worst we had seen, in fact we walked out on a couple as they were just not worth it. Lets get your act together Secrets all the others can do it. This being said the show room is the best and most comfortable of any we have been in. The couples show was worth it. We were also upset over the door to the bathroom stall in the room. It provides no privacy, will not stay closed and is just not up to the standards of the rest of the property. To sum up this is without a doubt the best place we have been to and well worth the cost. The staff was very friendly and strvied hard to meet your every request. The property is absolutely gorgeous and the beach is rightly rated the best in the world. We will be back again and soon and you will be happy if you decide to try it.