We have just returned from Secrets Maroma, having stayed from February 17 until February 22. I am a Trip Advisor fanatic, so I had read most of the reviews and was fairly comfortable in the knowledge that we had made a good choice for our winter getaway from Illinois this year. As stated in other reviews, the initial impression would have given me some doubt, if I had not read about the terrible road that leads back to the main drive of the resort. But, we are adventurers by heart - and were excited to arrive. From the driveway - it looks like an unassuming place, very plain and not highly decorated on the outside of the building. We had reserved a swim-out suite in the preferred club area, so that we could have access to free wi-fi, otherwise you have to pay for it. We were taken by golf cart to the Preferred Club Lounge and were checked in by Sophie. Preferred residents are allowed in the club room until 11 each night for free food and drinks - although we only had a glass of wine on our arrival. Sebastian was our concierge and he was FABULOUS!!! He took care of our spa reservations, our Hibachi grill reservations at the Japanese restaurant and made sure that we had anything and everything that we needed. Even called our room one day to make sure we were happy! :) We used the fitness center a couple of times while we were there - it's not large, but adequate as there were always machines open. We thought that the food was great for the most part - but you are NOT required to purchase a bottle of wine at the restaurants, so don't let them fool you when they bring the wine list - just order the house wines, as they are included. The Chardonnay is better than the Cabernet and is what I drank most evenings with my meals. The Italian restaurant was busy the night that we went, and when our fettucine arrived, my noodles were not done, but I was full from the bread and the soup anyway. The Hibachi grill at the Japanese restaurant is a MUST!!! You must make reservations for that a day ahead - the food was wonderful and it was so entertaining. The Oceana has great seafood, and the Mexican restaurant has a wonderul steak fillet. The breakfast buffet at World Cafe is wonderful every day - with champagne always available - which I love for breakfast! The spa is the best that we have been to - arrive for your massage about an hour before time so that you can enjoy the hydro-therapy treatments that are offered - the Swedish couples massage is AMAZING! Our favorite staff member was Enrique, who was part of the entertainment staff - he was incredibly friendly and always giving us a hard time when he saw us, which we love. Also, Cinthia (or CC) for short - is a wonderful gal who is also on the entertainment staff. She has a an infectious personality and a wonderful laugh! Our favorite waiter at World Cafe for breakfast was named Freddie - he is a joy to see smiling each day! The place is so quiet and relaxing - it's the first adults only resort that we have ever tried and am sure that we will look for this type from now on. The only two complaints that we have are these: our swim-out pool was heated only the first night we were there - after that, it was too cold to get into and we asked for them to turn the heat up to no avail. And, pool chairs are plentiful, but absolutely impossible to get if you don't set your alarm and get up WAY early. The literature at the resort asks that no chairs be reserved before 10:30, which we tried to abide by - but by 8 a.m. on our way to breakfast each morning, the chairs were all taken....so the last day, we only were able to find one lounge chair and then took turns sitting in the regular chair. So, they need to come up with some other policy here....just don't know what would work. I guess get up at 5 and be sure to have towels from the previous day to lay on your lounger. :) We like to see different properties, so we will probably not go back to this one soon - but I recommend it very highly to anyone who has not been. If it were the only place in Mexico, we would go back again and again - we just like to explore too much to revisit the same hotels. :) Safe traveling to you all and contact me if you have any other questions. :)