We stayed at Secrets Maroma over the SuperBowl for 7 nights. This place was FABULOUS! The service was impeccable, the rooms and grounds were beautiful, and very clean, the beach and pools were to die for and the food was out of this world! I am what you would consider a pretty picky traveler, have been to other all-inclusives in Jamaica, Mexico, St. Thomas, etc. and Secrets Maroma did not disappoint and actually beat all others we have stayed at. (For those who like me always wonder about the pictures of the accommodations online, the rooms look exactly like what is shown) We came with 3 other couples, who all voted to come back on a yearly basis and agreed they ranked Secrets Maroma "the best place they have ever stayed" The staff's attention to detail and sincere desire to please you really shined through everything they did. Whether it was pool service, bar service, the Entertainment staff, restaurant and wait staff, everyone catered to YOU, the guest! We tried each restaurant, all excellent service, food quality and preparation. Our favorites, the Italian "Portofino" and Asian "Himitsu", our least favorite was, ironically, the Mexican "El Patio" which was very different style Mexican than we expected, the margaritas and tortilla soup were great tho! If you like to eat, Secrets has the right idea....you have elaborate breakfast stations set up each day with everything from omelets made to order, to crepes, meats, cheeses, fruit, pastries, and champagne! Besides the restaurants or pool grills available throughout the afternoon, waiters show up around the pool bringing you fruit kabobs, sushi or fajitas right to your lounge chair! Same goes with drinks, excellent, everything from the fab martini bar in the lobby to the pool bars and tequila tastings! Also during the day and evening I need to give a shout out to Secrets Entertainment Staff! These young people worked ALL day long keeping everyone who wished to be involved with everything from pool volleyball to guacamole cooking lessons. Then at night they performed and livened up the evening's entertainment in the Theater. Not to be missed, this group's rendition of GREASE! As well as the AMERICAN IDOL night! And special props go out to MARCEL, ALEX, HECTOR, and CICI....we enjoyed your attitude and spirit all week! Also a word about the SPA.....Glorious! We had one cloudy day and chose to spend it in the spa, get there early, not to be missed the hydrotherapy pools prior to your appointment! And last but not least I must mention the SUPERBOWL party! The staff of Secrets Maroma spent the entire day setting up on the Beach for this. A HUGE screen to watch the game, Huge lighted NFL decorations, tables set up with CheeseHeads on one side and Steelers on the other, a Beach Bar set up and all the football food you could think of! The event was quite the undertaking and they did a fantastic job putting it all together, and there is just nothing like watching the biggest football event of the year with your toes in the sand, the waves crashing behind you and the stars in the sky overhead while friends at home are experiencing snowy cold blizzards!! Bottom line, Go to Secrets Maroma, you will not be disappointed!