This is a late review, as you read it you'll understand why. My husband and I spent a very memorable week at secrets maroma. The resort itself is amazing with great service, beautiful rooms and the best beach weve been to in Mexico. The sand is super soft with absolutely no pebbles or rocks and cool to the feet. We knew the food and alcohol would be top notch, but what really stood out for us was our experience with the photo company, Adventure Photos. We did a one hour session with Jorge, one of the young photographers, and he is one of the best photographers I have come to meet. The photo session included two outfit changes and Jorge took us around to different locations around the resort to take photos. He recommended many different poses that we loved as well as gave us time be ourselves in front of the camera. The experience was fun and romantic at the same time. Our photographer was very professional and the pictures turned out amazing, all 300 photos. So amazing that we decided to purchase them all. When we returned home, our families were so pleased with the photos that we decided to hire Adventure Photos to come to Canada and do the photography at our wedding. Jorge was unable to come but Adventure Photos did not let us down. They quickly arranged another photographer to come. I can't tell you how important a good photographer is for a wedding, and Adventure Photos did not disappoint. Our wedding extended over 3 days and Vincent (our photographer) single handedly took over 5000 pictures for us and the results turned out amazing, beyond our expectations. They even created a website of our entire wedding event with a gallery of all the photos and a high-quality album with over 200 high-resolution photos of our choice. Thank you Jorge, and Vincent for making our stay and Secrets Maroma unforgettable and our wedding even more so. We are forever grateful.I'll try and attach a few of the photos from the resort and our wedding for you to judge for yourselves. Please ignore the bad reviews some others have posted, they are truly unwarranted which is quite obvious by the hundreds of 5 star reviews this resort has received. We would return here in a heart beat!