Just this evening, my husband and I returned from our honeymoon vacation to Secrets Maroma. It's worth mentioning that we ended up at SM through the Apple Vacations 6 Apple, Adults Only, All-inclusive Square Deal. Neither of us had traveled to the Caribbean side of Mexico before, so we weren't really sure which resort to choose. We knew we wanted adults-only and an all-inclusive, so we decided to take our chances. Needless to say, we were THRILLED to find that we had lucked out and were placed at SM. We had been warned to avoid the time share crowd at the Cancun airport, and honestly, they really weren't too pushy, we just ignored them and walked right through. Upon exiting the airport, we easily found an Apple representative who directed us to our shuttle, and within 45 minutes we were at the resort. The front desk receptionist was wonderfully polite and helpful, but we were immediately directed to a time-share sales woman. She was a bit pushy, but backed off when we made it VERY clear that we weren't interested. We arrived at the hotel a couple of hours before check-in, but were immediately greeted with champagne, and after that stayed at the lobby bar for a few margaritas. Once it was time for us to go to the room, a bellhop met us in the lobby, with our luggage, and took us to our room. There was a "Honeymoon" banner on our door, which was adorable, rose petals on the giant king-sized bed, and a complimentary bottle of champagne. Our room was beautiful, with a jacuzzi for two, a sitting area, and a patio that walked out immediately to a private-ish pool. The location and the ammenities that the hotel offers cannot be beat if you are looking for a super relaxing vacation. We didn't partake in the nightly entertainment too often. Honestly, after a long day in the sun, filled with plenty of tropical cocktails, we were pretty happy to have dinner at one of the fabulous restaurants and call it a night. (Honeymoon activities... you know...) There are multiple excursions that are available to guests. We did one that was a half day at Tulum and a half day at Xel-Ha. We both felt that we easily could have spent all day at Xel-Ha! Yesterday, we took an excursion out to Chichen-Itza. The drive was a tad long, but COMPLETELY WORTH IT! It is truly a magical location. The restaurants were all fantastic, we tried Himitsu, make a point to sit at the grill! Portofino was delish, but make a point to get there early so you don't miss out on the Ossobuco, it runs out very quickly. El Patio was Mexican like I had never had before, and I loved every bite of it. My husband is not a fan of French fare, so we skipped Bordeaux and ordered room service instead. The room service was to die for, and my steak was cooked to perfection! The beaches are gorgeous, the swim up bar is a great party atmosphere, but I think my favorite was La Tortuga, a bar on the beach that had swings instead of bar stools. With the breeze coming in off the ocean, that Corona tasted better than any other beer I'd ever had. The staff is friendly and helpful, they make you feel like they really know who you are and like you are a special guest. Heaven! And now we're back to the snow...