We stayed at Secrets Maroma for a week in early February. It was the best resort we have ever been to; and we have visited a number in the Riviera Maya including Iberostar and the Royal Playa del Carmen ( a big favourite !) We stayed in room 1549; fourth floor end unit with a fabulous view ( Building 15 is the closest to ocean other than the five Preferred Club buildings) . Room is spacious, nice jacuzzi; comfy little couch on the balcony; and this is the first resort hotel room we have stayed in that has decent accent lighting so you can read in the evenings. The food was consistently good, and the restaurants were excellent, particularly the Italian and French ones. There is a great pool side BBQ lunch every day and they walk around the pool with a sushi cart and hors d'oeuvres - very classy. The Coco coffee shop makes real espresso and cappucino. (I didn't like the regular coffee they serve in the restaurants..) The pool area was gorgeous, and quite quiet (no silly pop music or overly rambunctious pool staff urging you on all the time....) To get a chair, you need to get to the pool before 10 am, but there is no use in going out at 730 am to reserve a chair as the hotel staff would remove articles from unused chairs after 30 minutes. Which I thought was great so we didnt have to do the chair race thing in the morning! There are also plenty of chairs on the beach, although they dont have the nice cushions of the poolside chairs. The beach is beautiful; you can walk for miles! What puts this resort above the rest is the consistently fabulous service; everywhere! Never had to wait for a drink around the pool; the staff in the restaurants were awesome; management staff would ask you how things were; the concierge was helpful; bartenders cheerful and courteous; maids; room service folks; bellhops; everyone! They have special events and shows in the evenings; didnt see them much, but we were there during the SuperBowl and they put on a fabulous evening with a giant screen on the beach and food! We went into Playa del Carmen one day; $20 cab ride each way. Great fun to walk around Fifth Avenue! A must-do if you have never been. A couple of minor things: They should offer free wifi, if not in all the rooms, at least in the lobby. And the house wines were just ok; basic Chilean (Santa Carolina and Antares). They should upgrade them a bit. We saw the same kind in town for 5-7$ a bottle. They have a great wine list if you want to pay 50-100$ a bottle. Although the resort was full; we never felt crowded; we never waited for drinks or food service; never had to battle crowds around the pool. We could just relax! If you are looking for a quiet and classy hotel for couples, this is it!