This is my second time coming to Secrets Maroma Beach and for the second year in a row I was not disappointed. Last year I went with my best friend and we had a wonderful time so we decided to bring the family and extended family with us this year. The resort is beautiful and looks just like the photos. The beach is the best part without a doubt. The warm Caribbean Sea is so relaxing, I think we spent half of our time in there! There are a few pools throughout the resort but the best is the one with the swim up bar. You don't even have to get out of the warm pool! What could be better? The rooms are great but honestly you won't want to spend much time in them since it's all about relaxing poolside. There are a lot of restaurants to try and overall the food is pretty good. In some restaurants you can tell they use the same type of food but dress it up differently to reflect the theme of the restaurant. It's not a big deal but sometimes the selection can get a little boring. We were there for 5 days and that's about the perfect amount of time in my opinion. Any longer and I think you'd get bored with the food. But that would be my only complaint. The service is phenomenal. As soon as you finish your drink, someone will be there to bring you another. Everyone goes out of there way to ensure you are happy. One night the cleaning staff somehow managed to lock us out of our room but maintenance was up in less than 5 min. and fixed the problem immediately. You can tell the staff is trained very well to ensure you get the most out of every minute at the resort. It's not required to tip but I recommend it. These people go out of their way to bring you fantastic service and a few dollars here or there goes a long way. As I mentioned, we brought the family on this trip so there were eight people total. Everyone loved it. It was a lot of fun because we could do activities together or just go off on our own and meet up later for dinner. Because you don't have to pay for anything, there's really nothing to stress about. We really enjoyed family time and it was nice to leave the everyday stress behind. I highly recommend this resort. There are many things to do if you are looking for more than just sitting around sun bathing but honestly that is the main focus of this resort. Relaxation. And they've mastered it. I haven't felt so relaxed and at ease in a long time.