On our arrival we were checked in without delay, were given towels to freshen up and a welcome drink. We were quickly shown to our upgraded room, (we paid for a junior suite tropical view and were given a swim out room in block 15).After reading other reviews about mosquitoes we were a little concerned about the 'upgrade', but our own conclusion was it was a wonderful treat, and just made sure the mosquito screens were kept shut at all times, we had one or two mosquitoes but nothing to worry us. The room was airy, spacious, clean and well equipped. In all honesty we did not really use the swim out pool a lot, so would not pay for one, we preferred to be around the communal pools where we could use all the facilities and watch the world go by! Block 15 concierge, Mauricio, was fantastic. From day 1 he remembered our names, and there was always a personalised friendly greeting from him. He helped to confirm pre-booked tours and pick up times. If we needed anything else in our room, we only had to ask and on our return it was in our room. Fantastic! We enjoyed all the restaurants. The quality of food, presentation and service was excellent. I would warn those who do not know, if you are offered the wine list, if you should chose a bottle of wine, you will be charged for this. If you do not want to pay for a bottle, just ask for your wine by the glass (the house Merlot is very good) and of course this is included in the all inclusive rate you will have paid for your stay. The beverage service around the pool areas during the day is very good, if you just want a fresh bottle of cold water or a mouthwatering cocktail or a beer, your requirements will be met. There is a soft ice cream dispenser for you to help yourself. At around lunchtime the 'taco cart' comes around offering their wares, and the chefs from the kitchens come around offering some very mouthwatering samples of mussels, lobster tacos, onion rings, bruscetta etc. yum yum If you believe you should not tip, then no offence is taken. If like us, you want to do this, then the tip is very welcome. We usually gave a dollar (US) if we were both having an alcoholic drink, nothing if it was just a soft drink, and if we stayed in the same spot all day, we did not tip every time. This seemed quite an acceptable way of doing things, and as I said, some people did not tip at all, and they received exactly the same service. In the World Cafe, the staff seem to move tables on an almost daily basis, so if you like to sit in the same place, you are not likely to have the same waiter 2 days in a row. Again, tipping is up to you, but we usually left 2 dollars at breakfast and 5 in the evening. The coco cafe was a welcome change if all you wanted was a roll and a coffee, or for a naughty afternoon treat of tea/coffee and cake! The beach and sea are fabulous. While we were there, we did not ever have a problem with sunbed availability. There are some large rocks around the pool that provide a lovely home to some huge Iguanas. There are also Raccoons and other wildlife and wonderful birds in the hotel grounds. Tennis courts are tucked away at the front of the hotel and are an excellent facility. The grounds and gardens are well kept, beautiful and spacious. This is our first time to an adult only hotel, we adore children, but this hotel has introduced us to the joys of childfree relaxation!!