We just returned from a 6 day stay at Secrets Maroma Beach. This resort is absolutely beautiful! From check-in to check-out everything was great. We didn't have any problems at all. We were in Room 1640, which is in the second building from the beach on the 4th floor (the room on the very end). It was really nice and we had a great view. There is a tub on the balcony, which was really cool. The room was kept very clean and lots of special touches like towel swans and rose petals. We never had a problem with the "do not disturb" light. No one ever bothered us if it was on. Only negative, the hot water was a bit discolored. Didn't realize it much until the jacuzzi tub was filled up. I had read that on other reviews though so was not surprised. Also, don't think you don't have hot water in the shower. Sometimes it just takes a little while with it running to get hot, but it always did - so don't worry. Tip for the girls, if you take high heels - be prepared to carry them on the way back to the room if you are close to the beach. It is a pretty good walk from the rooms in the first few building by the beach to the restaurants. The walkways are very good and the landscaping is beautiful - there are even covered walkways so if it rains you don't have to get wet. We needed the walks after all the great food, but the high heels had to go! All of the employees were very nice and always really helpful. The Entertainment Team is awesome. They work very hard and are busy all day at the pool/beach and then at night with all the activities. We met them the first day of the vacation and by the last day we were friends and had a blast with them, especially dancing at night! They really are cool people that we had so much fun with - so be sure to get to know them. We were there for the Super Bowl and they put on a huge party on the beach. They really went all out with flags from all the NFL teams, decorations, a huge screen, bar and big buffet. It was really neat. The food is very good. We never ate anything that we didn't think was good. Our favorite was Himitsu - we ate there twice. We did make reservations but had no trouble getting a time. We never had to wait at any of the restaurants. The breakfast in the World Cafe is great. I loved the crepes! Food around the pool is good too, they are always bringing something around to try. Beach was fantastic! Sand is white and so soft in and out of the water and you can walk a long way. Water is clear and beautiful! I thought the best show at night was Havana Nights on Friday. It was really good. And we had so much fun dancing almost every night at Desire's. We met some awesome friends from Montana and Canada. We miss them already! We took one tour off resort that I booked before our trip through Edventure Tours. It was a very fun day and we are so glad we did it. We really did have a wonderful vacation and are so glad we chose this resort. It was a perfect vacation and escape!!