This was our first stay at an all-inclusive resort and we were very impressed with Secrets. We heard from many people we met that this was one of the nicest resorts they had been to. Service is amazing. Tipping is not expected, but definitely appreciated and the staff goes out of their way to serve you. They will pour strong drinks if you are very clear about what you want. My only complaint with the cocktails is that they use very sugary mixers, so not as good as they look. They do have grey goose that they do their best to hide. Room is cleaned every day while at the pool and they turn down your bed and room for bed. We had a swim-out room. There are about 5 rooms that share this private pool. Our friends were in the room next door and we never saw anything else using it but us. It was nice later in the evening or you want some time out of the sun, but still in the water. A word of warning: watch out for Apache, the racoon. He walked up a couple feet away from us on the patio one night while we were eating room service. We panicked and all ran in the room and called the front desk. Apache made quiet a mess and we didn't want them to think we caused the damage. He does like french fries and even wiped his paws on the cloth napkin! If you make it to the pool late it can be hard to find chairs (past 11). If you go around 8 or 9, you have your pick. Food: Breakfast buffet is great; the crepes with the vanilla sauce is amazing! Also try the chilaquiles, it is on the buffet and room service menu. Lunch at the barefoot grill is great; angus burgers, nachos, jalepeno poppers. You can also have food served pool side, just ask them for a menu, the grilled shrimp tacos were my favorite! The best food is what they do best; Mexican. The french restaurant does have a decent filet. The steak place on the water is not as good, just flank steak. We found the best way to enjoy the restaurants was to order a couple of items at each. We had a sushi appetizer one night then went to the italian restaurant to share a couple more items. We had a couple drinks in the main bar while we waited. The coffee bar is also a great afternoon stop. Room service: despite the privacy box they still will ring the bell until you answer. Loved the ocean kayaking. There is a tour at 11 or you can go on your own. My only regret was that I never made it over to the spa. I would definitely go back.