Traveled to Secrets end of January for a 20th Anniversary/Birthday celebration. Truly a beautiful, first class resort. Less than 30 minutes from airport. Set far back off main road. We had not stepped off the van for one minute before a cart whisked us off to the Preferred Club to check in. Were told our room would be ready shortly. I inquired which floor it was on and she said the 3rd. I asked if there was anything on the 4th floor and there was in a different building. We chose to switch to the 4th floor for hopefully a better view of the ocean! Given that we made the request to change, it was going to be another hour so we went and ate a late lunch. The room was ready after lunch and the view was spectacular! While we were checking in, it was mentioned the Honeymoon suite would be available the second and third night of our stay. Being we were only staying 3 nights and it was an anniversary trip, we opted to upgrade! Let me say that the room the first night was wonderful! Our view of the ocean was not obstructed and the room itself was spacious, clean and a very comfortable bed. This room was in building 16. The honeymoon suite we switched to was in building 17 on the 3rd floor. This building only has 3 floors. The room could have fit us plus our 4 kids! It was very spacious with a living room area, wet bar, half bath, dining table and separate bedroom with gigantic bathroom and double sink and shower. A nice touch was the birthday decorations and cake upon arrival to the room. The best part was the enormous patio with a jacuzzi, patio table and love seat. The view of the beautiful ocean was amazing and very close. If you get the chance to upgrade, do it! Worth the $200/night more. Our personal concierge for both buildings was the most gracious person at the resort. He went above making us feel at home and welcomed. Anything we needed, he provided. A very nice young man. *Beach- Gorgeous! Plenty of chairs and shade. There is a family resort next door that was very crowded but did not affect our beach or water access. Ocean was chilly! A couple of times we went to the beach bar to get drinks. There were just one or two waiters on the beach during peak times. We ate lunch on the beach the second and third day. They set up a gigantic wok and grill and cooked paella, fajitas, chicken and burgers. That was nice to just stay at your lounge chair and eat. *Pool - Very nice. The architect of the resort/pool did a fabulous job. The pool meanders and some of the lounges appear to be "floating" on the water. There are private "cove" areas that you can escape to. The water temp in the main pool was very warm. The infinity pool, while beautiful, was frigid! *Food- Very delicious. Lunch first day at Seaside Grill. Very good grouper. We ate at El Patio the first night outside. The creamy tortilla soup was delicious as was the cornish hen with mole'. Second night we ate at Portofino, the Italian restaurant. The rack of lamb was delicious and the risotto with an oatmeal twist was interesting. We made reservations a few weeks before we left for a wine cellar dinner. This was going to be extra, not part of the all inclusive. Let me just say avoid the wine cellar dinner! You are not offered anything special for paying extra. While the room is filled with wine bottles, the menu is the same and you can sit in the restaurant and order from the same menu and not pay extra for it! After a miscommunication, we ended up eating at Oceana our last night. Word of our trouble made it to Oceana as the manager of this restaurant brought us a complementary bottle of wine. Our waiters were fantastic! The attention to detail and to make our meal special was evident. They made what could have been a very disappointing evening a very satisfying one. Gracias! *Alcohol - Good. Drinks on beach were very good. The only drink I thought was watered down was the margarita at El Patio. If you want top shelf and don't see it, ask for it. They keep the Grey Goose in the cooler out of sight! Just ask. The staff is very well trained and very friendly. A true test is when something happens that isn't satisfactory, how the staff handles the situation. Secrets made sure they fixed whatever the problem was. While the resort appears at a glance to be expansive, you do not feel overwhelmed when you are there. Again, great detail given to make you feel your surroundings are intimate. We did not do any spa treatments or excursions. Whatever you desire is there. Our desire was to just be. We took this trip to unwind, relax, soak up some sun and enjoy each other. Secrets helped us to do all of the above! A great time in Mexico!