This by far was the nicest all-inclusve my husband or myself have ever stayed at. We have traveled to the Cancun/Riviera Maya area twice before and stayed at other all-inclusives. Overall, this resort had it all! And we did our own thorough tripadvisor search before booking. We ended up staying in the Premiere Club section. Which I would have to say is worth it. We had access to the Premiere Club lounge which had top shelf liquor and computers access. It made life easier to go there to check e-mail since our I-phone didn't work int the room. They always had continental breakfast and snacks throughout the day there as well. Our building was closer to the ocean and on the 3rd floor. We had a beautiful ocean view along with a pool view as well. Our balcony had a tub that we thought we would never used but I we actually ended up using it twice. As other reviews state we never saw anyone use the swimout pools on the 1st floor, also these rooms have no views. The 2nd floor rooms looked as if they would have limited views as well. I think the 3rd and 4th floors had the best ocean views around. The weather made it even more amazing with 80 degree sunny skies every single day. Everyone that works at Secrets Maroma would bend over backword to please you. We did tip dollars esp. to wait staff, this seemed very much appreciated. We heard from one worker that the government regulates it so that they make only $5.00 a day!!! So one could deduce that tips are instrumental to anyone's survival there. They work so hard they deserve that and more. The room was very nice except as all others state the walls are very thin. WE woke up every morning at 6am thanks to our next door neighbors pre-set alarm clock that they would snooze to at least 2 times a morning. Ugh! Only drawback. Plus, why in the world would you set your alarm for 6am when you are on vacation? I am glad I never met them. ha! Food was very good. Have scallop app at Bordeaux, shrimp app at Oceana and make sure to eat at Hibachi! Wine was mediocre. It was worth buying upgraded wine at least 3 of the 5 nights we were there. Days are packed with things to do. We opted to just walk the beautiful white sand beach everyday and sit on a nice lounge chair by the ocean. It was bliss. One day we went kayaking in the oceand and saw some huge stingray underneath us. It was so neat to be able to see what lies beneath in such clear blue waters. Overall, resort was fantastic. I would go back in a heartbeat if it wasn't such a problem to find people willing to watch 3 small children for a week! It was so nice just be able to have a nice meal whenever we wanted and not have to worry about cleaning up after ourselves and little ones, that my friends is priceless!