We stayed at Secrets Maroma from January 28th to February 4th. From the moment we arrived to our sad departure, we were amazed with the service, quality, and overall atmosphere of the resort. The room: Spacious and consisted of a bathroom area, sleeping area, and seating area. The rooms were always kept tidy, mini fridge stocked daily, satellite TV, DVD player, iPod dock on the alarm clock. No complaints about the room or the service of the cleaning staff. Daily activity summaries for the following day were delivered nightly. These provided the weather forecast for the following day, list of restaurants that would be open for lunch/dinner, schedule of daily activities, nightly shows, movies, and events. There were even periodic announcements of couples celebrating their honeymoon/anniversary. The Grounds: Magnificent! It seemed there were always people working by hand on the landscaping, and ensuring the general areas were always clean. There was plenty of lush grass, beautiful tree lined paths, and various flowering bushes to make you feel like you were in a mini paradise. The Food: For breakfast and lunch the World Cafe is your best option. I specifically recommend the crepe and omelets stations for breakfast! For dinner we tried the Italian, French, Steakhouse, and Japanese restaurants. Our favorite was probably the Italian (we went twice), followed by the French. We did not enjoy the Steakhouse as we found the cuts to be thin, inconsistently cooked, and seasoned. The Japanese restaurant was a fun experience if you book the 6 person reservation dinner with your own "show" chef. A good time to get to know some of the other couples on the resort or have a fun dinner with friends. The service at each of the restaurants was superb! Our favorite waiter was Pablo who served us at both the French and Japanese restaurant, but all of them were amazing. Agreed, some of the house wines were not the best we have had, but the fact that the resort has a wine cellar and extensive wine selection was a bonus. We did utilize one of our resort coupons to buy a bottle of wine one night and were pleased with the recommendation (wines ranged in price with the cheapest being about $25USD, we purchased a bottle priced at $65USD and used a $10 discount coupon). The beach: The beach was absolutely beautiful! Powdery white sand, crystal clear waters...Amazing! Yes there is a string of resorts to the left, but to the right there is a long stretch of vacant beach which we walked everyday! It was a good 15 minute walk before you reached the next resort on the right side so it was a beautiful and relaxing walk. We would see angel fish in the water daily, and they are not shy to swim by you. We also saw pencil fish, and a tuna fish from the beach, and were told that dolphins could be seen on occasion early in the morning before the motorized water vehicles start their tours. Activities: If you are looking to just relax and lounge/read by the pool, or you want to participate in daily activities, the resort provided both. Activities are limited to certain times to ensure it does not overwhelm those wanting a quiet poolside experience. But there was a lot to do. Beach and pool volleyball, water aerobics, morning yoga or Pilates, poolside poker or bingo, beach party one night, stargazing and bon fire, nightly shows, movies, mountain bike tours, tennis, archery, BB rifle shooting, etc. Too much to mention, but make sure you check the itinerary nightly for the next day to see what you want to participate in. Pool: Infinity pool not heated, so it was very cold the majority of our stay although we did use it once. Stayed to the main pool which was heated, and very warm. There are also 2 hot tubs, but we found that they rarely worked. They were hot, but the jets would not turn on. We were looking for a relaxing vacation, and we found it. We did participate in a few of the daily activities, but spent most of our days poolside, or on the beach soaking up as much sun and heat as possible before we had to return to the snow at home. We also did a few snorkel excursions, the 1 hour trip booked through the water activity hut by the pools, and the half day excursion to the Cenote and Turtle Bay booked through the front Tours desk. I highly recommend visiting Turtle Bay in Akumal. This was our first experience snorkeling, but we are now hooked, and will definitely be visiting the beautiful turtles again on our next visit, and another one of the many beautiful cenotes. We would highly recommend this resort to any couple who is looking for a place with variety and romance. There is so much more to say, but a lot has been covered in other reviews. We will be returning soon I hope!