My wife and I spent January 18th to the 27th at SMB by way of an Apple Vacations 6 Apple AO/AI square deal. Every positive review you have read on this sight is true. How anyone could not find this resort top notch in every way is beyond me. One thing to remember as you are leaving the Cancun airport: a timeshare company has somehow purchased the right to station a phalanx of their representatives completely across the only hallway leading to the exit doors. And these guys are good. They try every trick in the book to engage you in conversation. Even pretending (without actually saying it) that they are the Apple representative (or whichever tour company) you are supposed to see for your transportation to your resort. They trust you wont actually be rude to them, so they press the limits. Be firm and dont slow down or even acknowledge that they are talking to you or youll get sucked in. We almost did because the implication they were with Apple was very strong. Anyway, once outside we hooked up with the Apple rep and were on our way in just a few minutes. Check-in at SMB (a quick half hour away on an excellent multi-lane limited access freeway, plus a short drive on a one-lane road through a protected wetlands area) was quick and efficient, including a graciously offered scented washcloth to refresh after the journey, and a welcoming glass of sparkling wine. Because we were there on a Square Deal, it was no surprise to me that we were in a tropical view junior suite on the second floor of building 20. No big deal. The room is the same as any other junior suite, you just look out over the first floor swim out rooms pool onto an absolute carpet of palm trees, tropical plants, and a number of colorful birds (may have been parrots, not sure). The good thing was that we were only a few steps from the restaurants and the lobby. The (not very) bad thing is that we were a 5 minute walk from the pool and beach area. This is a large resort in a very small space -- nothing was far away from anywhere on the property. One of the activities being offered by the resort was a wine tasting on Thursday afternoon, conducted by the resorts sommelier, a very dedicated and passionate wine lover named Guadalupe. The tasting was very educational and introduced us to some surprisingly excellent wine from Mexican vineyards -- who knew? During the course of the tasting Guadalupe mentioned that the French and Italian restaurants offered a special dinner for two in their shared wine cellar. The only requirement was that you had to buy bottled wine in the amount of a minimum of $120. We opted for the dinner on that same Thursday night. It was really a lot of fun with a lot of individual attention from the Maitre D, the sommelier, and our waiter. The only complaint I have is that the table is just a little too large, and, since it is a working wine cellar, there were waiters in and out and trying to get around our chairs to get to wine stored in the racks behind us all through the meal. A smaller table would have accommodated both the meal and access to the wines without people trying to squeeze around behind your chair. We arrived at SMB on Tuesday and on Friday, when we returned to our room from dinner, there was a letter from management offering an opportunity for a few guests to spend one or two nights at one of the other two Secrets resorts in the Riviera Maya -- in this case it was Secrets Silversands. For those who accepted the offer, SMB was offering a choice of three premiums: a free three-day stay at SMB in the future; a $200 credit on your account for ancillary services (such as wine by the bottle); and free spa services up to a value of (I think) $250. We accepted the offer (opting for the $200 credit, thus making our wine dinner free). Secrets Silversands arranged for and paid for the taxi both ways. When we arrived at SS we were put up in one of their Premier Club rooms which was easily half again as large as the room we had at SMB. Unfortunately SS has a terrible beach, if you could even call the little patch of sand they have there a beach. And for some reason they start blasting electronic dance/trance/reggaeton music through speakers spaced every 20 feet all through the property starting at 8 AM and running until at least 9 at night. SS had a kind of cold feeling to the architecture, not as warm feeling as the look of SMB. Im glad we had two days there, to experience it, but I would not go back. When we returned to SMB on Monday, they put us up in one of their ocean view rooms on the third floor of building 15. Same size room, same set-up, but the ocean view was pretty cool. There are one or two suggestions I would make to management at SMB -- the lobby bar needs more bar stools, and the little bench seats for the tables in the bar area would be more comfortable if they had backs. We never expected to receive SMB as our square deal resort, and Im very pleased we did. The place is beautiful, the staff is wonderful, both enthusiastic and attentive, the food was remarkable in the a la cartes as well as the buffet. Oh, try to find your way to the pool area at lunch -- the food services people come at you in waves with little plates of all kinds of neat foods for you to eat. As for drinks, if you are on the beach Ana and Benito will make sure you are offered a drink any time you dont have one in your hand. What a great place.