My wife and I are cruise people, and we decided to finally try spending a few nights at an AI resort. After a month of research, I finally decided to book at Secrets Maroma. We stayed 5 nights, and could not have been happier, and will probably go back next year! Our package included transfers from the airport, and had no trouble finding our rep, and only had to wait a few minutes before heading to the resort. We arrived around noon, and knew that the room would only be available after 3pm. We checked in which only took a few minutes, then went to a restaurant to have lunch. After exploring the grounds, we went back to the check-in desk a little after 3pm, and our room was ready for us. We stayed in a JR swim out room. It looked exactly like the brochure, and we loved it! Our days all followed the same pattern: We would wake up early and go to the pool to get our chairs....as with everywhere else, if you want a good spot you need to go early! Between the beach and the large pool area, there are plenty of chairs, but if you want a spot in the middle of the action, go early. We would then go eat at the breakfast buffet. The buffet was incredible - there were 2 omelette stations and a crepe station. You could get eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, hash browns, pastries, breads, fruits, juices, fish, Mexican fare, pancakes and a lot more. After Breakfast, we would relax by the pool. We would then have lunch at the pool area grill. They served burgers, fish, hot dogs, chicken, & ribs. there are also a bunch of different "sides" you can choose from. The rest of day would be spent outside either relaxing or participating in whatever was going on - beach volleyball, pool volleyball, football, bingo, aerobics..... For Dinner there are 7 restaurants to choose from. On our short stay, we only tried a few of them and liked the Italian the best. The entire staff gave us incredible service. Everyone had a smile and gave you an "hola" while passing. I am used to getting great service on a cruise, and I was pleasantly surprised to get even better service in the resort! Our goal was to relax in the sun and to see how an AI compared to a cruise. Having just come off of a 7 day Princess cruise, we got extremely lucky with 2 weeks of sun, and could not have had a better vacation. We love cruising, and we loved our Secrets Maroma experience. I would not hesitate to go back to Secrets, and will try to do a short cruise mixed with an AI stay going forward.