We had an amazing time. Everything was extremely clean and beautiful. It seriously is one of the cleanest hotels I've ever stayed at. We felt spoiled the entire time we were there. It also is the best beach I have ever been to, nobody tried to sell us anything, no peddlers, etc. No trash, no seaweed, etc. Just absolutely gorgeous soft white sugary sand. The staff and our concierge spoiled us and there was 24/7 room service. The entertainment staff had so many fun things to do, even on rainy days. Movies in the theater, live entertainment, theme nights, games, volleyball, the list goes on and on. Our favorite restaurants were Himitsu and Portofino's. We didn't get time to go to El Patio unfortunately. The Seaside steak house was also amazing. We also enjoyed the tequila tasting and guacamole lesson. We spent a lot of time at the pool reading, floating around, etc. At lunch everyday they walk around and offer plates of appetizers that are delicious. Someone is always coming by making sure you are ok and asking if you need a drink. Drinks were NOT watered down and were excellent. There was also a coffee shop that served sandwiches and desserts all day long. Our mini bar in our room was stocked daily with pop, beer, water. I wish they had put some snacks in there but not a big deal with all the food that was available everywhere! The spa was heaven on Earth. I don't know how it could get any better than the spa at Secrets Maroma Beach. Absolutely amazing. We got massages, facials, body wrap and enjoyed the hydrotherapy. It would be nice to have free high speed internet in rooms but it wasn't a big deal to run to the business center to check email, etc. I also didn't like that the merchants onsite were so overpriced on souveniers. I'm actually really struggling to come up with cons of this place. We had a balcony with a view of the ocean which I highly recommend. People with swimout suites had NO view and were saying the pool in their swimout was cold. If you are looking for a place to get away, relax, unwind, or a romantic getaway, this is the perfect place. I didn't want to leave and we can't wait to go back!