Secrets was an amazing place. The entry into the complex is a dirt road and had me wondering if I had made a mistake. However, once through the gate, we entered a paradise. The accommodations were very nice. The people were exceptionally nice on all levels. Our concierge, Yannik , was fantastic. The music in the evening in the main lobby was by a female vocalist and she was superb. We were suprised that some one with her talent was singing at a resort in the lobby rather than on stage before hundreds. The food was great. Make certain to try coconut ice cream with room service at night. We thought the extra for the preferred club was worth the money (others may feel differently, but it fit our needs). The entertainment staff (cooking classes, dance classes, yoga classes, and more) were fun people and you should avail yourself of as much of that as possible. The bed was wonderfully comfortable. The negatives were not bad with one exception. They needed more deck chaise lounge chairs around the pool area. The house wines were not very good at all. If they want cheap but tasty they need to look at La Terra (a California wine that would meet there needs but add some quality to their house wines). I did not see many wines that I thought were from vintners that I would spend extra money on their upgraded wine list either. I also wish they were not as provencial about their beers and had more than Corona and Negra Medelo on draft. Mexico makes a lot of wonderful beers and should offer more variety. The one bad thing is there were people there who wanted to sell time shares and excursions to you and they were not always up front about why they wanted you to come down and talk with them. I really did not like the time share sales attempts. I have a friend who worked in the mortgage industry for over 30 years and he warned us about purchasing time shares overseas. When you are not a citizen of the country you are buying in, you have few legal rights and are at greater risk of lossing your investment. Take a lot of $1 bills with you and give them out to the the staff as they serve you. Although tips are included, a couple of bucks given got you cared for better around the pool and in the restaurants.