My wife and I recently returned from a week-long stay at Secrets Maroma. Note that we are seasoned travelers and have stayed at several luxury all-inclusives and five-star hotels. The bottom line is that this resort is the best one we've experienced in the Caribbean -- including those that cost us twice or three times as much. Below are some specifics regarding the property and beach, the staff, the guests, and the food/beverages. Property/Beach: This is a big resort, but it is laid out nicely and doesn't ever feel overwhelming or crowded. The place looks brand new -- it is pristine and immaculate. The common areas and walkways are beautifully landscaped, and the pool areas -- there are several -- are extremely well maintained, spacious and nicely designed. The website pictures don't do it justice. The suites were good sized, well appointed, and frankly more updated than some of the high-end properties in the U.S. Views from our balcony were awesome. There's nighly entertainment -- some of it's schmaltzy, but fun nonetheless. The beach is fantastic: long (you can walk for miles in either direction), wide, with crystal clear water. It's a bit windy, but not over-the-top like Aruba, so there's some chop in the ocean now and again, but it's mostly as calm as a lagoon. The only drawback: on the adjoining beaches without hotels, there was debris that had washed ashore and was never removed. It's not an issue at the resort, but on the vacant lots. Staff: The best ever. If you've been disappointed by the relative apathy of other Caribbean hosts, you will be amazed with these folks. They're fast, friendly, considerate, engaged and they work their tails off for hours and hours. Even though it's an all-inclusive, you'll want to tip these people a little extra not out of necessity, but to reward them for their excellent work. Guests: The guests were mainly low-key and the place was relatively quiet -- not your typically rowdy "Sandals" crowd. The ages ranged from early 20s to late 50s and were a nice mix. Some 18/19 year olds were there with their parents. Food/Beverages: All of the restaurants are equally good. This is the best food we've had at a luxury all-inclusive and actually better than most good restaurants back home. I heard some people complain about the food and couldn't imagine why. The drinks are great, too. Watered down? Come on. It's top shelf all the way (including some expensive anejo tequilas), plus every Mexican Beer imaginable and even US exports. The only drawback: the Argentinian house wines were just so-so and the optional wime list is expensive. Oh, and guys, they have a walk-in humidor stacked with Cubans, including Cohibas, Montecristos, Partagas, etc. Don't hesitate to book this one.