My husband and I visited Secrets Dec 19 to Dec 23, 2010. We have 3 small children so we could not get away too long. This was our first trip away and I searched long and hard for the perfect place and I found it. Trip Advisor really helped and yes everything I read from every review was almost excatly what you see and get at Secrets. I want to say first that we have been to alot of places and stayed in Mexico alot and it was very important to me to find a area with a beautiful beach and Secrets Maroma has it, just to note we have stayed farther north at the Moon Palace loved it but to much seaweed, we could not even swim in the ocean. We have stayed farther south at Rui Palace Riviera Maya and it was pretty there but huge huge sandbags in the water and all along the beaches they look like huge boulders so anyway Secrets is smack in between the middle and the beach is out of this world, no seaweed crystal clear water and so calm and yes the angel fish nibble at your toes. The rooms are beautiful and very romantic, I requested the fourth floor in building 26 and they gave it to me I paid extra to be in the preferred section and the view I had was worth a million dollars our room was 2645 we would wake up every morning, open my eyes and see the ocean from our bed at night I would go to bed listening to the waves crashing. No complaints. The stool area and the shower area have doors so there is privacy when you need it. The food was great especially breakfast, the buffet rocked! you name it they have and you must try the crepes. Lunches were great also you really do not even have to get off your pool chair if you do not want to chefs come to you with carts of food or plates of finger food. 3 carts we saw while we were there were a sushi cart, taco cart and a seafood/pasta cart. If you do want to move they have a grill by the pool, or if you are on the beach they grill on the beach. If you want to get dressed they have 2 resautrants, we did eat lunch one day at Seaside Grill because I read they have great shrimp, they did get the grilled shrimp they were awesome. Dinners, well I don't want to be negative but our experiences were not too great now it could have been the choices we made, what we did not like you may love. Service was always excellent. I am not a big drinker, I enjoy pina coladas at the beach I do not know if they water down there alchol but I will say the first day I drank 9 pina coladas (usually I can only handle 2) I never got a buzz I kept drinking them and drinking them lots of calories but they were good. My husband drank Captain and cokes he never got a buzz I guess you will have to judge that for yourselves this was our experience with the alcohol, and like I said I do not drink alot we never got drunk or a buzz which was ok for me because I do not like hangovers but for people who like to drink and get drunk you may have to drink beer. The airport was crazy, customs was a breeze but getting out of the airport after you get your luggage was a mess it took us over a hour in a line then you have to put your luggage through a x-ray machine it was CRAZY LONG. We used a private transfer "AMSTAR" will never use them again, we paid $157.00 return they were not even waiting for us at the airport with a sign and then when we had to leave the hotel they came 40 min early and demanded we leave then, we were not ready so they left, yes THEY LEFT so the hotel put us on a shared bus. I am trying to get my $$$ back. Next time we will use USA Transfers I think. The drive to the hotel was fine, 25-30 min the road into the hotel is fine a little bumby but nothing major it is not as bad as some people said. it was a 5 min road, maybe less. The hotel is beautiful, the grounds everything is clean and new. Carlos was our building concierge he was real nice. We tipped everyone we brought 1's and 2's they deserve it they all work so hard The hotel was only 50 percent full so there was never any problem finding pool chairs or beach chairs even if it was full there is a place for everyone. As for the nitelife we went to our room early every night we were so tired from the sun all day so we ate dinner then went to our room we really enjoyed that. The room is so beautiful and relaxing. I hope you enjoy your say you will not regret it, one day we will be back.