My husband and I stayed here for 2 weeks in November and it was our first experience of Mexico and of an all inclusive holiday. I have to say I was more than impressed with this hotel and struggle to understand some of the negative reports I have seen on Trip Advisor. We are an English couple in our early 50's and have travelled extensively, mainly to high end hotels around the world. Food/Drink I had done extensive research on Trip Advisor before booking as we were 'new' to the all inclusive scene and the choice of different restaurants was far more appealing than a buffet. The reviews were not wrong and we were pleasantly surprised that the food quality/choice was good. We ate in all restaurants and found them all of a good standard (not fine dining). I always suffer from stomach upsets on holiday and this was the first time I had not had a problem. Favourite restaurants were Portofino and Oceana. Lunchtime snacks delivered to your sunbed or side of pool were fantastic and after the amazing breakfast, you really didn't need to eat a proper lunch. Drinks were constantly served - we did not experience any 'watering down' of drinks. Room Service Prompt, nicely served, Secrets Box was ingenious. Room We were in Building 16 on top floor as we had upgraded to Preferred Club with ocean view. From our point of view it was worth it. We wanted to see the sea and it was a great view of not only the sea, but also the resort. The room was spacious and they had thought of everything. We thought the beds were comfortable and slept really well. No noise from neighbours. Swim out pool was hardly used so cannot see this is worth the upgrade. Had no problem with the bathroom privacy issue referred to by some. Both toilet and shower room had a perfectly good frosted glass door. Did not suffer from mosquitos or any other insects, but we took a plug in mosquito repellant and sprayed ourselves religiously every night - just in case - did not get one bite the entire trip. Facilities Pools were lovely - enough sunbeds generally, although an early start was needed if you wanted a particular spot. Thought the beds were a bit close together but didnt bother us. When it rained, we felt more could be done to protect the mattresses. Infinity pool was refreshing, heated pool with swim up was lovely, but crowded around swim up from about 4pm. My advice is to spend morning round pool, then afternoon on beach. More floats need to be made available - and guests should not put them under their sun beds - this is a selfish practice and not fair to other guests. I just took them whenever I wanted one that wasnt used. Pool attendants were incredible - Kevin was a star and always talked to guests, Beach was beautiful. Fantastic service on beach too. Never crowded and sand always cool despite hot temperatures (how does that work??). Entertainment staff were so good - very funny. Enjoyed pool aerobics and pool volleyball with them. They work such long days and attend the evening events too. Went to Rock Show - well worth it. Preferred Club Lounge Really enjoyed it here, best time was early evening, before dinner. Best place to meet people and have a nice drink or appetisers. Would have been nice if there had been a Preferred Club pool as well. Location Entry road to hotel is not a good way to judge this lovely hotel. It is a 10 minute drive from main road, full of potholes, single track and very bumpy. If they want to make a good impression the hotel should invest in this road - but not a big deal. Nowhere in walking distance in evenings - but to be honest the hotel gave us all we ever needed so again, not an issue.