This was our first all inclusive holiday, and, despite the excellent reviews we were still slightly worried that the holiday wouldn't be as luxurious as we would otherwise expect. In summary, we would highly recommend Secrets Maroma. The rooms are smart, food is (mostly) good, beach is stunning, and the staff are very attentive and friendly. Arrival Arriving at Cancun was somewhat chaotic - remember to ignore the staff hassling you inside the terminal (tip we found here on TA) - if you have reserved private transfers your driver will be waiting outside the terminal building. We highly recommend USA Transfers - friendly drivers and were there on time for our return journey back. The drive to Secrets was about 30 mins, the final road off the motorway seems a bit "dodgy" when it is pitch black outside but all is fine when you arrive at the resort! On arrival we recieved a glass of bubbly and hot towel, and were upgraded to a swim out room free of charge. However the other couple with us were not upgraded and did not have a kingsize bed as requested - they had to make do with two doubles, which wasn't great. Seems we were lucky. Rooms Room is modern, spacious and well appointed and comfortable. Minibar well stocked with mini-Coronas, soft drinks etc and replenished daily. Large walk in shower and jacuzzi bath, however as others have mentioned the hot water only was quite yellow in colour which was a bit discomforting. Swim out pools a good novelty feature, seemed barely used while we were there - may be because the pool was shaded most of the day. Some mosquitos in the evening, but not too bad. Not sure we would pay a large premium for a swim out. Food Breakfast buffet at World Cafe excellent - one of the largest choices we have ever seen and generally good quality. Crepe and omelette stations recommended! Nice to sit outside each morning too. We had lunch at the poolside grill most days, serving burgers/hot dogs/grilled fish/ nachos etc. Each day luch was also available on the beach, huge paellas for example. Can also have a sit down lunch in the Oceana restaurant by the pool, we only did this once but also recommended if you don't mind getting dressed a bit! Lots of choices at dinner. Menus can be deceiving - often we found the descriptions were a bit excessive - this is not fine dining by any stretch. With one or two exceptions, we enjoyed the food, although if you are used to top end restaurant food, you may need to moderate expectations somewhat. Overall though, we thought it was better than we expected. Our experiences: Himitsu Teppanyaki: Book on arrival, very popular. Good experience, with solid stir fry food. Normal menu was hit and miss when we went another night though. Portofino Italian: Good overall, small portions and very dark inside but food pretty good quality. El patio mexican: Poorest meal for us. Dishes a bit too creative, and our choices weren't that tasty. Oceana seafood: Excellent fish - tiger prawns massive! Other choices were good too. Steakhouse: Meat better than expected - again not the best steak we have ever had but more than acceptable. Drinks Great choice - beers were corona and modelo dark on tap, with cans of corona light, pacifico and modelo light available too. Cocktails good fun - not massively strong but after drinking all day more than strong enough..... Unless otherwise reqested barmen will use local cheap spirits (we thought these were fine in cocktails) however they are more than happy to serve premium spirits on request. For example, vodkas were smirnoff, absolut, stoli, and grey goose (subect to availability) plus a couple of others. At the pool bar we were told grey goose was limited to two bottles per day at that bar, after that they can't open any more, although while it is there I can assure they will happily serve you as much as you like! Beach Beautiful sand and we had no issues getting loungers around 9am each day. Sea was a bit choppy (we have a few bruises from trying to paddle out on a kayak...) but still fine for going in. Waiter service excellent. Staff All staff were really good, very friendly and most had good english. They also appreciated us trying out our spanish! They don't expect tips, although we felt they deserved a dollar or two when serving food/drinks etc. Pesos or USD seemed fine. Entertainment staff really good too - lots of activities and always good fun. Pool volleyball was a favourite. They don't interrupt you (too much!) if trying to relax - we found the staff approached younger guests like us (20s and 30s) more than the older guests. Overall, we wouldn't hesitate to go back - we thought the holiday was excellent value for money, especially if you like a drink or two. Seems to strike a good balance by being relatively upmarket and having all the benefits of all inclusive.