We are back home after spending 20 glorious days at SMB. This was our 3rd Christmas there and they continue to impress us. Sometimes people ask us why we continue going back instead of trying a different resort. The very simple answer is why would we go elsewhere when everything is always perfection at SMB! No resort can control the weather so it really comes down to service, food quality, safety and cleanliness. After years of travelling in Mexico, Secrets Resorts are the only ones that have continually covered all of the above for us. The management team have put together the most impeccable staff that are there to please you and make your vacation the best that it can be. When at the pool, if anything is ever needed such as an additional lounge, or maybe a chair or umbrella needed, you can count on Paulo to be at your service. You couldn't find a nicer person and he does everything with a smile. He is also great to talk to if you have any questions about the area, something you may have noticed on the beach, or an explaination about the different palm trees, he is an encyclopedia of knowledge and his English is excellent. In the restaurants there is always a great variety of good quality food. Sometimes I hear guests complain about the portion sizes in the a la carte restaurants. We have always felt they were just right but all you have to do is ask for more and they will be happy to accomadate. As for the restaurant staff, they put some of the restaurant staff here at home to shame. They are always cheerful and helpful if you are unsure of a dish. We love all the restaurants but this year we spent a lot of nights at Himitsu. Thank you Chef Angel Ortega for all your special meals. The rooms are beautiful and set-up nicely. Every year it seems like one of us either forgets something, needs something or runs out of something. The maids are happy to help you out with a razor, toothbrush, qtips etc. Our room was always cleaned thouroughly with a new supply or towels etc. Our safe malfunctioned the first day and our concierge Yannick had a maintenance person up to our room in about 5 minutes. Thank you again Yannick for everything. As for the resort itself, it is so lovely and relaxing and the beach is exactly as everyone says....spectacular! You can participate in as many activities as you like, yoga, beach and pool volleyball, water aerobics, games of all kinds or just relax by the pool and read a book. In a few short months we will be looking at dates for Christmas vacation 2011 at SMB. Thank you again to all the staff.