First, let me start by saying that this place is beautiful and you will have a fabulous time. The pool, beach, and property, all awesome! My husband and I got an excellent deal through priceline (not the name your own price section) on a week at Secrets Maroma at the end of November. Due to the excellent service we got before we arrived, we ended up getting moved to an oceanview room in exactly the building we requested. The head concierge was very helpful and accomodating in meeting our requeset prior to arrival. The property itself is beautiful and very well kept. Both pools are fabulous and you get your choice between a peaceful pool with ocean views or a more lively pool with the pool bar. The infinity pool isn't heated, but we didn't find it too cold to refresh in. There are peaceful areas to read all over the place but also fun and activity if you want it. The pool bar pool is heated and is warm enough to stay in until sunset. The pool service is excellent and impressively timely. We used this service more than the actual swim up bar. The beach is very very nice. The water was the prettiest turqoise blue I've ever seen. However, there were several days where I saw a lot of trash washing up. The beach pool w/swings is pretty cool. The rooms were very nice and very well kept. They are modern and clean. The bathroom privacy that many people have mentioned was not near as bad as what I think some people make it seem, and we are certainly a restroom with the door shut family. So, I don't think this is worth worrying about. The balconies are great, and I recommend geting an oceanview. Very relaxing, pretty, and peaceful to sit out there and have coffee in the morning and drinks before dinner. The bars are nice and have excellent service. There is a nice one right by the pool, one in the lobby where we often went to for pre-dinner drinks. There is also a "club" that's opened in the evenings and was actually a really good time (and we're not necessarily the "clubbing" type). They played good music, had fun staff, and great drinks. We met a fun group of people and had a blast at dinners, in the swim up bar pool, at the "club", and in the lobby bar. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and thought it was the perfect mix of fun, relaxation, and romance. Tipping: We did tip, and I think the tipping is deserved. In general, the service was great. The pool side wait staff was very impressive and worked very hard. Kevin, the pool concierge was so helpful, no matter what you needed. The lobby bar wait staff was also excellent, as was the wait staff at all of the restaurants. Spa: Went twice, the first time I had an average experience and the second time an excellent one, as with any spa, dependent upon who you get. The spa itself is very nice though. Loved it. Oh, and a comment on the "timeshare" presentations. We didn't do this. To us, our time away to relax and unwind was worth more than the $100 spa credit they were going to give us (we'd already gotten the coupons everyone gets) so we didn't do it. We had friends who did it and really regretted it becuase it took so long. My recommendation is just to ask for your coupons when you check in and definitively say no interest in regards to the "timeshare" deal. Be sure to try the coffee shop, great espresso. The entertainment each evening was really good. We were very impressed and had a great time at the shows! There's also a bar at the theater where the shows are held. We didn't see all of them but loved the ones we went to and actually wished we'd seen the ones early in the week we missed because we were too tired. Golf: my husband says the course was very nice, free drinks. 10 minute, $15 cab ride. He played once, said it was worth it, and was glad he played. Now, to the few things that make me say I would have given this resort a 4.5 vs. a 5 if I could have: Dining: We didn't like the food. We have been to other all inclusives and personally thought that the food at Sandals (St. Lucia) was far and away better than this food. The atmosphere at the restaurants was excellent but the food, in general, was not great at all. Now, it was cetainly edible and our dining experiences were enjoyable, and like I said, we got a great deal. But, had I not gotten such a great deal, the dining experience would have been a bigger deal to me. Buildling concierge: Though the service was overall good, the idea that we had a buildling concierge didn't come to fruition for us. He was NEVER there so we had to use the concierge at one of the other buidlings. Not a big deal at all but did want to note for others who may see this as something they would count on a lot that it wasn't dependable for us. Room service: This goes back to the food not being good but the room service food was even worse. My lean cuisine pizzas I eat at work for lunch are better than the pizza we tried to order from room service late night. We did use room service for drinks, but the breakfast I ordered once was also not great. Again, this place is excellent, beautiful, and a ton of fun. You can't go here and not have an amazing time. My few complaints aren't noted to say we didn't love it, you wouldn't love it, or we wouldn't go back but just to give you as much info as possilbe going into it. Enjoy!