We returned a few weeks ago from our trip to Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB) and already look forward to returning. First, we need to thank Michael at Dream Makers Vacation Services." We travel often and never use an agent. That is no longer the case. After reading countless reviews about them we decided to give them a try. It's no extra charge, they do all he legwork, communication is awesome, and in this case, they were able to get us a room upgrade for free. You won't regret using their services. As for us, we are seasoned travelers. We have done all-inclusive before this trip. We've visited a Sandals (St. Lucia) and Couples (Jamaica), had an awesome time at both, and Secrets is still much better. The trip - First, safety was never an issue. The airport was a 30 minute ride, all highway, on a private transfer and the resort is about a mile from the road. We were greeted at the door and told we had been moved to a Preferred Ocean View Jr. Suite (the preferred was the upgrade) and were golf carted to a private lounge for check-in. I would recommend the preferred suites because you get a private lounge with bar, snacks and unlimited internet access. You also get some additional goodies in the room daily (snacks, drinks). The room was great. Very large, clean and comfortable. The view was awesome. We were on the 3rd floor in bldg. 26. We also had a bottle of champagne on ice in our room when we arrived. The food was great. We drank mainly beer and wine and the thought they were great too. Service was awesome. Room was always clean, room service was super, and wait staff/concierge were terrific. The best part - Beach. We were determined to go somewhere with a great beach. It's perfect. White sand and not a rock to be found in the water or out of it. There were plenty of seats, and always a waitress to bring drinks. Crystal blue water and calm seas. All and all, the trip was amazing. Thanks again to Dream Makers Vacation Services and the Secrets staff for making this trip amazing.