My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from Dec 10 thru the 18th. It was the best trip of our lives. I read hundred of reviews from all over the world in choosing this as our destination. What won for me was the lovely beach, and I was not disappointed. It's truly beautiful with sugar soft sand. You can walk for miles in either direction from the resort which is what we did most every day. It's just gorgeous. We even have a large starfish that washed up from the reef as a momento , a gift from our neighbors who found it and couldn't bring it home with them. :) We booked a preferred club swimout suite and I am here to say it's totally worth the extra money. There were a couple of coolish days that we were able to enjoy our swimout pool anyway because the temp was like warm bath water. So relaxing! We felt the water in a non preferred room and it was quite chilly. For this reason alone I felt the extra money was well worth it. In fact we never used the main pool because our swimout was so excellent. We were lucky enough to be in Building 17, room 1710. It was awesome! We were right on the beach, I could see the ocean from my bed. LOL! It was beyond amazing. We booked through apple vacations and they really set us up right as well. When we got to our room there was a "Happy Anniversary" sign on our door. LOL, our Anniversary is 6 months from now. LOL. But with it we got a free dinner on the beach, a free breakfast in bed, a free bottle of Champaign, and a free 50 minute swedish massage for each of us. Amazing! The food was fine, we had no complaints. We expected some things to be different because we were in another country, and it was all just fine. The staff goes so far out of their way to be friendly and attentive, there's just no way to not enjoy this place. The resort is clean and lovely, and the staff really does go out of their way to be friendly and attentive. All in all, a wonderful vacation and i'd recommend it to a friend. :) We also went to the Little Mexican Cooking School, it was awesome! I wrote a review for them as well. If you are interested in learning about Mexico and their cooking this is not to be missed.