We travelled to Mexico for our daughter's wedding in early December 2010. We were a group that numbered 35. We had young adults in their mid 20's and grandmothers, one of whom was 88. I never heard a complaint from anyone for the entire week . The hotel was clean and the staff was excellent and they were always attentive to our needs. The drinks were fine and food was always acceptable. The entertainment staff were always up-beat and worked hard to ensure that everyone was having a good time. We walked the beach first thing in the morning and then made our way to the buffet for breakfast. Afternoons were spent near the pool and we played pool volleyball most days. Our group was always fun loving and sometimes rambunctious. Everyone seemed to enjoy our time spent together. In the evening we split up and ate in a variety of restaurants before hooking up again for an after dinner cocktail. Often we spent time watching one of the shows in the theatre. One evening a few of us made our way to the beach and were well entertained by a duo of a singer and a guitarist. It was a magical evening, Our daughter was married on the beach on Wednesday of our week. The weather was beautiful and the setting was perfect.. The resort's wedding planner ensured that the wedding ceremony went off perfectly. Later on we had a cocktail party beach side while the bride and groom had their wedding photos taken. We decided that the reception would take place near the gazebo in the pool area. It proved to be an excellent choice as the weather remained warm and the service from the resort staff was excellent. All in all it was a perfect wedding. My daughter chose this resort after completing extensive on-line research. I have not travelled much to the south but there were members of our group that have been everywhere. To a person, they said that this was one of the finest resorts that they had ever spent time at and would not hesitate to recommend it to everyone. Thank you Secrets Maroma for making our daughter and our new son in law's wedding perfect. Your grace and hospitality were always appreciated and will not be soon forgotten.