My husband and I visited Secrets Maroma in December, 2010. The weather was perfect, but what made this vacation so special was the staff of this resort. The resort itself is beautiful, with well-kept grounds and lovely vistas, but the staff makes it memorable. We were pampered and treated as if they were delighted to see us. Over and over again we were asked, "Is everything okay? Is there anything we can get for you?" The pool concierge, Kevin, made it a point to stop by our chairs each day to check on us; the entertainment team recognized us and spoke when we ran into them around the resort; and our wait staff was simply excellent. Araceli in the lobby bar was especially helpful, but all of the wait staff went out of their way to take care of us. The room service staff and the cleaning staff were so friendly--if you passed one, they would always speak to you and smile. This is simply not what we are used to here at home! The spa was equally stunning with a wonderful staff and some very nice amenities. The beach at Secrets Maroma is simply unparalleled. We walked farther down to a few other resorts and they simply did not have the beach that Secrets has--clean, perfect water, even beautiful fish that will swim up to you as you wade out. Speaking of wildlife, the "guatis" are delightful--little raccoon-like animals that follow you looking for food (don't feed them, but they are cute!). The food is great, and there are 7 restaurants to choose from--we didn't even have time to try them all before we had to leave! We did not have a bad meal the entire time we were there, although the Italian restaurant, Portofino, was my personal favorite. I would recommend the resort to anyone with no reservations at all. I do, however, have one warning--they will ask you to take a "tour" and hear a spiel about time shares (this is NOT the Secrets staff but a group who "greets" new arrivals on site). Just say no. They are not high-pressure at that point, but will become so if you take the tour. That part of the trip was the only part I can honestly say I did not like. Be sure to take at least the 1/2-day trip to Tulum to see the ruins--that is truly fascinating!