Stayed from 5th December until 19th December today but unfortunately due to bad weather in the UK we are now staying an extra night. When we arrived we were greated in reception and Barbara the concierge checked us in. She is wonderful and is always willing to help. We were then showed to our room in Building 24. Each building has there own concierge and we had Roger who is wonderful. He always greets you with your name and always has a beaming smile. This is a fab place, all the restaurants are great but there are a few which really stand out. These being Himitsu, Oceana (Seafood Restaurant) and The Bourdeaux (French). Also the world Cafe for breakfast and Lunch was great, especially the Crepe station at breakfast. I think i have gained 5 pounds on this trip and that was with using the gym facilities on site. I found the gym quite good it had the necessary equipment and was cool and stocked with plenty of bottled water. We didnt use the spa as I thought the prices were slightly expensive although it did look lovely. During the day there is plenty of activities and the Entertainment staff here are amazing, I have to mention Marcelo who was very friendly and always happy. We saw 3 shows during our stay, Elvis show which was really funny a definate must see. We also saw the mexican show and Circus show. The grounds are lovely and the beach is very clean with white sand and blue sea, there are also little fish that swim up close in the shallow area. The only down side is at times due to the amount of weddings at the venue there can be large groups staying which takes away from the quietness and romantic feel of the place. One day we had to move from the pool as it was just to noisy. I would probably recommend sunbathing on the beach rather than the pool. A couple we met from New York also had to be moved rooms due to the issue of loud groups. At times pool and beach waiter service can be a bit slow just depends who you get that day. We only tipped a couple of times when we felt the individual went out of their way. We never felt pressured into tipping. There also alot of mosquitos, i got bitten roughly 50 times during my stay and there were also a couple of cockroaches seen in our room and the surrounding area. Overall we would stay again but probably for a shorter duration as we have exhausted our favourite restaurants by attending them 3 or 4 times. All the staff are willing to help and make sure you have a fantastic stay.