my wife and i are here for 9 days and today is our 5th day in. I figured i should write this now so i don't forget anything. We are here for our honeymoon and like you, i searched for many many hours and read many many reviews before deciding on this property. I am going to be as detailed as i can so bear with me if you want to read it. about us: we are in our 30's. I have been to my share of hotels but never an all inclusive resort. We are from LA so i would say that we've had our share of fancy and not so fancy stuff. I am not a food critic but i do like good food and i am also not a hotel critic but likes good amenities. overall: WONDERFUL! the last 5 days have been great. if i had to do it over again, i would come here without a second thought. below is the breakdown. our reservation/package: we booked through Expedia. 9 nights/10 days. preferred club swim out room. After reading some of the reviews, i called couple days ahead and made sure that the reservation was set along with my request that i wrote in Expedia. good thing i did because they didn't have it. I told them it was a honeymoon so they gave us the "honeymoon" package which includes a dinner on the beach and a couples message. I also requested a room that faces the sun so that our swim out pool will have the maximum sun time. this is a must. more on this below. transfer: we used USA transfer. i booked it through the web. once we landed, a guy with a sign was outside. He had our name, called the private car(we are the only people in the car), drove us straight to the resort. it took about 20-25 min. that simple. I would def. use them again. Check in: when we arrived at the front driveway, the guy looked up our name and said that we are in the "preferred club" so he drove us in a golf cart to a separate building to check in. Check in was easy and fast. they do bring you a glass of Champaign and fresh towel. The lady did tell us that we can upgrade to the Ocean front Honeymoon suit which is originally $200 more a day but they would give us $100 off. Later we heard that they offered this to another couple but it was $400 with $200 off. we declined. We arrived around 11am so our room was not ready so she told us to go explore and check back in around 1:30pm so we did. There is a Timeshare lady that will intercept you at this point with the promise of a $200 discount coupons. We avoided her and took off. She did however call us for the next 3 days until we told her we do not want to talk to her. I would suggest to just talk to her right at check in and say no firmly unless you are interested. When we came back around 1:30pm, the room was ready so we were escorted to our room. our room had the "honeymoon" banner along with a bottle of Champaign and fruit. Overall the check in was great. We were in the "preferred club" so if you are in regular check in, it might be different. Room: since we asked for the building that faces the sun, they gave us building #16. this is the 2nd building in from the ocean and the best/closest one aside from the ocean front. As promised the pool did face the sun all day which was great but the pool is not heated so it's still cold. This pool would be great in the summer time when it's super hot here but during the winter time, it's a waste. I would not pick it again unless i know it's going to be super hot the whole time i am here. Only swim-up pool that is heated is the "honeymoon" ocean front building. That pool was like warm bath water. The room is a standard size hotel room. very nicely decorated, clean, etc. There's really nothing wrong with it. the bed is super comfy. has a flat screen TV with couple HBO and Cinamax for free along with MTV, VH1, etc. also comes with a DVD so bring some movies for those nights you just want to stay inside. The bathrooms are nice but the only weird thing is that the toilet is a bit open. the door is made of glass which is cool looking but it does not cover the whole door way so it's not 100% privacy. And the rest of the bathroom looks into the rest of the room, so you can't just shut the bathroom door. Only thing i would say is that you better be very comfortable with the person you are sharing the room with otherwise you might be running out to the bathroom in the lobby. Overall, great room, very comfy, very clean, swim out pool is very nice but cold. There's a huge whirlpool tub in the bathroom as well, which can easily fit two. Service: Service is excellent here. Everyone is here to help and go the extra mile. Our maid service is great which included a turn down service every night. they to come around 4pm but just leave the "do not disturb" sign on and they will come back later. Room service is good and it is 24 hours. service at restaurants are also excellent. You figure since it's all inclusive and we don't have to tip so the service might not be good but it was. My wife and I would ask for something off the menu and they would at least try to get it for us. service by the pool is also great. they kept the drinks coming. We did tip them a buck every-time they came though. same thing at the beach. Overall, EXCELLENT! Food: so far we've been to 4 of the restaurants here for dinner and they were all good. just like any other restaurant, there might be something better then other but overall its good. At every dinner you can get a full course meal from apps to desert. Food during the day is good too. there's always food around either at the open restaurants or the many carts and waiters walking around with sampler plates. You will not go hungry here. There are few people here that say that food is horrible... i'm not sure if they are a super picky food eater/critics but I can't see how any body can say that every sucks here. The food quality here isn't any worst than other non-inclusive hotel restaurants that i've been to in other hotels. Overall i do not have any complaints about the food yet! The ground: beautiful! It's clean, nicely laid out and very quiet! maybe because it's an adult only but it's really nice. It's never that crowded either. the 5 days that we have been here so far including today which is a saturday, the pool and the beach areas is not crowded at all. Yes sometimes it's hard to get a pool chair in the prime pool area but no resort can have a chair per guest. even though we have been coming out to the pool around 12pm, we haven't had a problem finding a chair within 10 min or so. People do come out around 9pm and put towels and stuff to reserve the chairs but it's like that anywhere you go. The main pool is super warm. the infinity pool is not heated so much colder. The beach is... well, it's one of the best beaches in the world so it really doesn't get much better. clear green waters. white soft sand. They have non-motorized sports for free which is nice. or just sit back and have them bring your food and drinks all day. it's paradise. Activities: they always have something going on during the day through out the day from water volleyball, beach volleyball, salsa lessons, cooking lessons, etc. if you like to take part in activities, there's plenty to keep you busy. there's also nightly shows and stuff. We actually haven't been to one yet because we are done after eating a very full dinner so we just go back to our room but others have said that it is fun. sometimes a bit cheesy but fun. Overall it's a GOOD TIMES here. super relaxing, everyone is cool, almost everyone is a couple which makes it nice if you are a couple, NO KIDS, and no young crazy kids acting up. It's pretty mellow here. mosquitos: not sure if it's because we are on the bottom floor with a pool but we did get bit a lot so bring repellants. Others we have met in the same building but on upper floors said they have not been bit though. preferred club: It's worth it if you want to be in the building closer to the ocean, have access to the club lounge where you can get top shelf drinks but other than that... not sure if it's worth it. We do have our own concierge who has been super helpful. not sure if you don't get that for normal buildings. Internet access: we have free wireless included in our package and it works great. I don't think it's slow at all for normal internet browsing. It hasn't failed once yet. Both my wife and I really love this place and don't have much complaints at all. We are hoping to come back here next year!