I cannot say a bad thing about this resort! My husband and I had a beach wedding at Secrets in October and I can honestly say that it was the wedding of my dreams. We had a group of about 23 and everyone continues to rave about the great service, amazing food, and just what an all around wonderful trip it was. I was a little worried weeks before we left after reading some of the reviews, but I honestly do not understand how anyone can complain about this place. Here is my review of the resort and our wedding experience, as well as some things I wish I would have known before the trip. Room: We stayed in a partial view junior suite and the only complaint is that we could not see the ocean. We still had a great view and from what others said the extra money really wasnt worth it to us. Some of our family had a swim out room, which I dont think they really used but the people in our building did use theirs so I think its just all about personal preference as to which room you should choose. The beds were super comfortable, the shower was always nice and hot and the jetted tub was amazing! Lots of people complain about the lack of privacy, but my husband and I are definitely the type who like privacy when "going potty" :) and we never felt uncomfortable. Some of my family had rooms with double beds and they said that there was a little more privacy in those bathrooms if your traveling with friends. Our minifridge was always fully stocked with beer, water, and soft drinks. The staff is really amazing and our room was always clean and stocked with everything we needed. food/drinks: I went to all of the restaurants except El Patio and they were all amazing! We had breakfast each morning at world cafe, its best to get there before 8:30 and its not so crowded. They have so many options and I really dont see how there isnt something for everyone here. For lunch we would either eat at the grill by the pool, the Seaside restaurant or the little coffee bar next to the nightclub (cannot remember the name right now). Dinner was always delish!!! My favorite place was the french restaurant, which we almost didnt try but wish we would have gone there sooner. My husband had lamb and I had the duck, both were just wonderful! We also really liked Portofino (italian) and the japanese restaurant. We ate at the japanese place twice, once at the hibachi grill and then another just at a regular table. You only need reservations for the hibachi. Some people say that they were pressured to purchase wines or other things but the only place that anyone even really even asked about that was when we sat at the hibachi grill, but we just listened and then ordered the house wine and that was the end of it :) Room service was also great! The fajitas, hamburgers and desserts were all delicious. beach/pool: we only spent about 45 mins of our 8 days at the pool, we just felt it was a waste of time when there is such a beautiful beach to enjoy. The pool chairs did fill up fast, but there always seemed to be plenty of chairs on the beach no matter what time of day we were out there. we were happy that so many people wanted to be by the pool, it gave us enough room to spend time with all of our guests on the beach without having to split up to much. spa: I had a mani/pedi at the spa the day of my wedding and used a coupon we received in our honeymoon package. It was okay, I definitely wouldnt have wanted to pay full price just because the lady wasnt the best and it was a little painful at times haha. My sister got a pedicure though and she enjoyed it so I think it was just the lady I had. My husband and I had a couples massage as well, it was included in our wedding package but it was amazing and I would definitely recommend it! I would definitely do it again without any coupons :) The entire spa was very nice and relaxing, but definitely make a reservation soon because it seemed to stay pretty busy the entire time we were there. wedding: we did the ultimate wedding package and added a few upgrades. We paid to upgrade our cake, which was nice for pictures but because our dinner included dessert most of the cake was wasted. We also upgraded our picture package which I highly recommend! We actually had Juan Navarro as our photographer instead of one of his other photographers and from reading other reviews I can promise it was worth every penny! And it was actually very reasonable to upgrade (we paid an extra $200 i think). He took us to the abandoned mansion down the beach from the resort while our guests enjoyed cocktail hour on the beach. Our pictures are beyond amazing and we have received so many compliments, they literally look straight out of a magazine. One of Juan's assistants also met us at the airport to bring us our pictures and we purchased the additional cd's which had all of our pictures on them for a very reasonable price. We spent less on pictures than one of our family members had for their wedding, and we had every picture taken while they received 0 pics. So although some people complained about feeling ripped off by this "buy the rest" tactic we really felt like we got a steal! The resort's wedding coordinator Cecilia was also AMAZING. We had emailed many times but I was a little worried that things were not going to be right after all the changes we had discussed but we met the day before the wedding and anything that was not clear through our emails were sorted out with zero problems and she was just so wonderful!! All in all this resort was beautiful and I cannot say enough good things. I would recommend it to anyone and cannot wait to return one day!