We returned to the resort last week after having our wedding at Secrets Maroma in May. The first trip was a wonderful and memorable experience. Cecilia, the wedding coordinator, did a tremendous job in making our wedding day perfect. There were 22 of us and I couldn't think of a more perfect place to have our destination wedding. The service and beauty of the property is unparalleled. I have to admit I enjoyed my second stay at the resort even more because I was able to relax and not worry about greeting guests or preparing for the wedding. We arrived to the resort for the second time on December 10 for four nights. We were upgraded to a swimout room in building 24. If you have the pleasure of staying in this building, Roger will be your most gracious and kind concierge. He always has a smile on his face and is more than willing to help. He always remembered us and addressed us by our names. The airline had lost my luggage and my jewelry and some other belongings had been stolen. Roger promptly called the airline on my behalf to make a claim. I never had this same kind of positive experience during our last stay in building 15. The World Cafe has the most amazing buffet for breakfast with an array of fresh fruits, crepes, omelets, etc. You will not go hungry. Freddy was the standout employee at the World Cafe. He is lively, funny, and has an effervescent personality. For a fun breakfast or lunch, request to sit in his section. We spent most of our days by the pool although it would get a bit breezy and cool at times. The main pool is heated but the infinity pool and swimouts are not. Our favorite thing about the pool were the carts that came by with street tacos and paella. The pool staff never sit still and work tirelessly. They always have a smile on their faces. You can't help but love these people and appreciate what they do. Also, be sure to stop by and see Karla, the spa concierge. She schedules spa treatments by the pool. She is a very sweet and kind person. We also befriended a wonderful couple from the UK. Hello to Karen and Paul!! It was such a pleasure meeting you!! Also, the concierges in the main lobby are fantastic. Cynthia (Nezabeth) remembered us from last time and I feel like we are family. Every member of the staff went above and beyond to address any concerns we had and genuinely seemed to care. I haven't had this kind of experience with any other resort. To sum up our trip, we had an amazing time. The only main difference from our last stay is the resort now charges for wi-fi unless you are staying in the Preferred section. We ended up purchasing the wi-fi and it was about $10/day. We liked having the ability to check emails from our room versus going to the business center in the main lobby. I highly recommend this resort to anyone who is looking for relaxation, a romantic getaway and top notch service. Can't wait to go back!!