we had an amazing time at Secrets Maroma. it was beautiful, the food was amazing, and the staff was amazing. and we met some cool people while we were there too. i would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone/everyone. they treated us like kings/queens there. it felt like we were waited on hand/foot, whatever we needed, when we needed it 24/7. it was nice that everyone remembered your name, out of thousands of people, and everyone was so friendly and energetic all the time. very polite. they had great entertainment there, and many things to do. we went kayaking out to the coral reef one day while we were there. but we mainly laid on the beach, or near the pool and relaxed which was nice. it seemed like every couple minutes they were bringing around a new food for you to try, and we gained 10lbs i think. we ate at the himatsu sushi grill and got reservations for the grill show. it was great, and the food was spectacular. we at at porto fino italian restaurant our last night there, and it too was amazing. our first night we ate at oceana, and we both loved what we had. and the mariachi band serenaded us, they loved having their pictures taken. we cant say enough great things about the place, and were glad you helped us find it. we were raving about it to the family and we'd definitely love to go back, and even take family there for another trip.we felt like for the money we spent we definitely got everything, and more. there was one minor, shouldn't even mention but im going to, thing that made us a little jealous, lol. we noticed alot of the honeymooners, or anniversary guests had an anniversay, or honeymoon banner going diagonal up their door, but ours didnt:( (i know, like i said, it was tiny, and nothing to make a big deal of) we didnt know, if it was something that came with more of a package than what we paid for or what? anyway.......our 2nd hotel later was alright. after having been at maroma, it just didnt even compare. i'm sure maybe if we went to it first it would've seemed nicer. but there were alot of things that just didnt compare. you had to pay $3 to use the internet(which at maroma, it was free), there were only a couple different bars/restaurants(maroma had 7 or 8), and we didnt notice anything like canoes,kayaks, or catamarans(spelling?), around. they definitely had friendly bellboy/waiter staff/restaurant staff, but overall the entire staff definitely was nowhere close to maroma's staff. the overall trip was great. we definitely wish we could've spent the entire time at maroma. we didnt want to leave! everything about it was an A++, and we have nothing bad to say about it! room service said it would take 30minutes and it was there in 15. someone was always there to help with anything. the maids even folded all brads clothes and put them in a nice pile when he decided to tear them all out of his suitcase and just leave them all over (typical guy). so we appreciated everything that was done for us, and it was nice to just relax and have someone do stuff for us for once instead of doing everything for everyone else. i'd say they all deserve to have that done for them but it probably wont happen. anyway, we truly had a wonderful time, and were very happy with our decision......in time, some day, FIJI is still on our to do list:) Amanda & Brad