After reading hundreds of reviews on Tripadvisor, we chose Secrets Maroma Beach from November 27 through December 4. My sister-in-law (a travel agent) had been there shortly after it opened and thought we would enjoy it. We were not disappointed. The trip from California is a little longer than we are used to as we travel mostly to Maui on vacation. We arrived late in the day, and were greeted with cold towels and champagne, and a nice "welcome home." At first I thought that was a bit campy, but the employees treated us like we were staying with friends. Just amazing. We were in the preferred club, and thus we were escorted by golf cart to a separate check in area...it was nice and quick. We had a couple of wonderful cocktails while we checked in. After only 20 or 30 minutes we were escorted by Yannick (a great guy) to Bldg. 16 and our swim-out room. The room was just as shown in pictures. We loved our swim-out and used it everyday. The water was warm and clean, and provided a much appreciated swim after warm days at the main pool or nights out at the many festivities. The Pools were awesome. The infinity edge pool is cooler and quieter. The main pool with the bar was heated, and very fun! We played pool volleyball every day, and enjoyed wonderful cocktails that seemed to always be offered from the incredible staff. I thought it was nuts that people were referencing the employees on TA by name, but after meeting Arricely and Kevin I now know why. Somehow everyone at the resort knew our names, and always greeted us with a welcoming smile and hello. Just totally amazing. Arricely waited on us each day, and we looked to find her section because she is simply amazing. The beach is the nicest I have ever seen (blows Maui's best away). It's everything people described in other reviews. The water is warm and clear, and take half a hamburger into the water with you at the end of the day, and you will be swarmed with angelfish. Totally amazing. The bars served great drinks, and I was never denied any of my called drinks. I recommend ordering your cocktails with your preferred liquor though...I did get an awful shot of tequila when a friend simply asked for a shot of tequila. The food was good, but not great. The atmosphere at the restaurants was awesome, and the staff was always first class. They will tend to pester you a bit to order wines off the wine list, but once you make it clear you are not interested they leave you alone. The Mexican food was great as was the Japanese. The Mexican Fiesta night buffet at the pool was authentic and amazing...very spicy!!! The spa is a bit pricey, but very nice. Had a couple massage...it was heaven. The gym was really good, no anything spectacular, but it had everything we need from cardio to weights. We used it a lot. I also played golf at the included course, and it was a fantastic course. 5 minute cab ride that cost me $10 each way. It was very windy, but still a fun round. We planned on sitting in our chairs and lying on the beach, but after only a few days we met 8 amazing couples who immediately became good friends. We ended up going to the shows each night, and having a blast with the events organized by the energetic entertainment staff. Many people just read books, ate, and repeated it the next day, but we simply had a blast with our new friends from the UK, Canada, Mexico, and the US. What an incredible stay. Our building concierge Yessica was very helpful, and made sure we were well taken care of. I would recommend the hotel stop pushing the timeshare option so hard as that was a bit irritating, but after the first day and our stern "not interested' it was never mentioned again. The only other negative I had was the wifeless internet (included for preferred club) was not very good. However, I stayed out of my work email because of it and had a fabulous time. We would definitely go back, and are already thinking about a return trip. P.S. We never felt unsafe generally, but I never even thought about my safety within the resort.