My husband and I returned to Secrets Maroma Beach for our third time and stayed November 26-December 4. The attention to detail and beautiful ambiance continue to draw us back. This trip was longer than our normal 6 night trip and still we were not ready to leave when we had to pack our bags. We really miss that beautiful beach already! We stayed in building #26 which is in the Preferred Club and had two fabulous rooms. First we were on the second floor for two days and then on the fourth. The amazing views were most appreciated and our concierge, Carlos, was tremendous. He was always cheerful and eager to serve. Our requests were few, but his attentiveness was remarkable. We will definitely look for him on our next trip. Laura in the Preferred Club Lounge was most helpful, as well. As we continue to look at the progress of the growing gardens, we are always mindful of the care and cultivation necessary to provide such lush, gorgeous hard and soft landscaping. The outside crews work diligently to provide outstanding views from every inch of the property. We are most appreciative of their planning and the daily upkeep for such surroundings. Since we visited the resort in its first year, we are always interested in the developments. This year, the addition of organic/inorganic receptacles restored commitment to the environment. The additional thatched roofing adjoining the buildings to allow a rain-free entry to the main buildings was noticed immediately, though done in a way not to distract from the flowing beauty of the resort's layout. We did not need that added benefit on this trip, but we can see where many guests may need the new additions on a rainy evening. It is always a pleasure to see the lobby and common areas transformed for the Christmas holidays. As we normally are here at the end of November into December, we are able to see the tree trimmed and the other displays and music fill the air. The resort was fuller this time and it was more difficult to get a prime spot at the pool or beach without an early start. So, we suggest an early breakfast and then out to the sun. The attendants (and guests) do not "save" chaises with a towel while you go to breakfast, for a walk, for a massage, etc. Breakfast is amazing! Freddy was our favorite waiter at World Cafe and his smile is contagious. Anything from cereal to nuts is included and my favorite was the crepe station. Stuffed with strawberries, bananas and papaya and topped with a drizzle of chocolate and coconut.....mmmmmmmm! Make sure that you have some special juice! Lunch at the beach with paella, burgers and chicken or at the pool-side grill, or in the Sea Side Grill was always good. The salad bar at the Sea Side Grill has improved over the years and everything is so fresh and chilled to perfection. The corn soup is fabulous, though something I would never have tried at home. The service is awesome, but make sure that your suit is not wet and your cover-up has appropriate coverage. We love the coconut ice cream, so make sure that you leave room for just a scoop for dessert. Dinner at any of the restaurants is a treat. We continue to LOVE Oceana (seafood) and Portofino's (Italian). If no table is available, you will be given a beeper and you will be free to meander throughout the property or have a drink in the lobby or at the Barracuda Bar. In any case, the food is quite good. Room service is included and the secret box works well for delivery and clean-up. The steak dinners which we ordered one evening were great, delivered at the time told to us, and everything was the right temperature...from soup to ice cream! Our waiter was so kind and gracious and prepared our dinners for us as if we were at a five star restaurant in our room. After a day at Xcaret, we were too tired to fancy-up for the restaurants, so this worked out perfectly! As for the bars and bar service, we were well satisfied. My husband does not drink alcoholic beverages, but enjoyed his beverages just the same. My occasional pina colada and wine does not put me as an expert in this area, however, the service was fabulous. We had a couple's massage, and I had a manicure. Getting to know the technicians while having a manicure is really nice. Communication was never an issue though our Spanish is very limited. All of the workers were respectful, cheerful, polite, knowledgeable and a pleasure to be around. Their service should be an example to others in the industry. A strong work ethic is easily seen. Again, Mr. Eric, it was great to see you and to share these days with you at the resort. The resort's many rewards and accolades are most deserving. We look forward to a return trip in early summer next time.