If you are looking for a relaxing vacation where you will feel indulged and pampered in a luxurious resort in a tropical oasis, Secrets Maroma Beach is the place for you. This was our 2nd stay at Secrets Maroma Beach. We visited the first time in Nov. 2008 shortly after the resort opened. We had a wonderful stay in 2008 and an even better stay this year. We tend to take at least 1 all -inclusive trip per year and this is the 1st resort we've ever returned to mainly b/c we like to try out new places, but a return trip to Secrets was a great decision. The service here is outstanding. Every staff member goes out of their way to accommodate any request. Get used to hearing "It's a pleasure." This how each request is met. There are several very nice all inclusive resorts in this area, but Secrets Maroma Beach stands out because not only do you get a beautiful room, exceptional service, good food, a great entertainment staff and more drinks than you could ever handle, but you get it all of on a gorgeous stretch of white powdery sand and beautiful turquoise water that is unsurpassed. I also really appreciated that the staff around the pool was on the watch for absent chair hoarders. I saw staff members on more than 1 occasion remove items that had been left unattended for a long period of time to make a place for guests arriving to the pool in later in the day. This is not to say that you couldn't take a walk on the beach or a dip in the pool and fear that your place by the pool would be taken, but if it was obvious that someone had just dropped a hat and a magazine on a chair and had not come by in a couple of hours, the staff would remove them. The staff also would get guests a pool float from others who attempted to keep them by their chairs outside the pool. While we were there were plenty of floats in the pool most of the time, but I did see staff members retrieve the floats left outside the pool and put them back in the pool for guests a couple of times. Having the main pool heated was also a nice bonus! SPA We enjoyed the spa on 2 days of our stay. The spa facilities are very nice and the spa services were on par with other resorts of this caliber. It wasn't the best spa I've ever been to, but I had no complaints about it. The photos I've attached were take on the beach in front of Secrets Maroma Beach last week.