We wanted a luxury getaway for some sunshine and chose this resort as it had NO negative reviews. Despite rain storms during our stay we were not disappointed with Secrets in any way. It's an 11 hour flight from Gatwick and the last thing we needed was a problem picking us up at the airport so we were quite upset after such a long flight to feel stranded and bombarded by so many people trying to 'help', but we knew they were not from our allocated company and so were somewhat dubious to go with anyone. It was finally sorted out and we set off for the half hour trip which ends driving down a bit of a jungle road that reveals a 'secret' resort at the end. Check in with champagne substitute (Spanish cava) and cool towel as expected, room ready and oh so spacious. We ordered room service rather than fall asleep in the restaurant as it was early hours of the morning for our body clocks. Bed was wonderfully comfortable, 6ft and such luxurious sheets. The bath is a double width and has voile curtains that open onto the main bedroom so you can lay in the bubbling water, sip something delicious from the all included mni bar, while watching a movie before going down to dinner....perfect. It gets dark around 5pm at this time of year so there is plenty of time to enjoy the room before dinner at any of the excellent restaurants. We tried them all. They are all very good quality, food is fresh and of a very high standard. Only thing that did not look apetising was the refried beans on the lunchtime poolside buffet which looked a bit dried up but tasted fine. The only restaurant you have to book for is the habatchi table at the Pan Asian. It's a good show and food is delicious as expected, but do try to make sure you are seated right in front of the actual cooking plate for the best view. We did comment that the Porto Fino italian was too dark, not only to see the menu without a torch (which they will happily provide) but to really enjoy looking at the food. They have said they will look into it. On the whole the staff will do everything they can to make your completly happy and have everything tyou want - you become used the the phrase "It's my pleasure" when you thank them, and they actually seem to mean it. You get a consierge who looks after you and is located by the lift in your building and he can sort out practically anything that you need or desire. If you want a teapot at breakfast instead of teabag in a cup they assure me they have some on order....they are trying to please the Brits that are discovering Secrets. You really are in amongst jungle, albeit low growing and the local wildlife do make their presence known. We loved waking at 6am dawn to hear tropical birdsong (not a problem as we were running 6 hours behind GMT so dawn was a huge laying for the first few days) together with sunrise coming up over the ocean. We opened our double glazed doors and shutters for the experience, but you could sleep with the aircon going all night instead if you preferred. They have a good insect screen, but I still got bitten in the evenings sitting outside so do take anti mozzie spray. We had a top floor suite so view was not obsured at all BUT the only problem was when it rained (and there were quite a lot of rainstorms especially at night) the balcony got flooded and we could not use it the next day. Lower floor rooms were fine as they did not have wooden pole roofs. There is discrete plastic lining them but it leaked so did tend to make everything sodden which was a pity if you wanted to have breakfast on the balcony from room service. There is other wildlife too that does climb over the fence into the grounds in the evenings, but I will leave that as a surprise for any Brits going out there who tend to love furry creatures. We have some great photos! One thing I found peculiar was that the meandering pools are lined with brown stones rather than blue so look muddy in the photos on the website, it's the Mayan influence, and I was glad to see that they are clear and clean. Main pool with swim up bar is lovely temperature, but infinity pool too cold for me. I loved the idea of having a swim up room but so pleased we didn't as many were in shade during the day and people said they were cold. Those in sun were fine, so it was luck of the draw. Entertainment program was good, there seemed to be something for most people and you could take it or leave it there really was no pressure. Good quality acts several times a week at the theatre show or outside if good weather, but something on every night., plus disco etc if you could stay awake. Daily pool volleyball got a bit noisy around lunctime as it was staff vs guests and most guests are from USA and could be quite exhuberant. But the grounds are big enought to find a quite spot at all times. They place towels on all the beds in the mornings and it took us a couple of days to realise this, thinking that they were all reserved by absent sunbathers, which is always annoying, so this was a good idea, but they should tell you upon arrival. This was our first All Inclusive holiday and I couldn't fault it. Nothing was off limits, everything was branded, it wasn't cheap booze and substandard food - it was all very good quality delivered with a smile.