My wife and I just returned from Secrets Maroma Beach and wanted to try and provide everyone with a quality review of this resort. Let me preface this by saying we are in our 40's and have been married for 6yrs. We were not celebrating any special events so we feel that our opinions are objective. We have traveled to other AI resorts in the Caribbean including Sandals and Couples. This was our first trip to Mexico and our first to a Secrets property Arrival and Check in: We had no issues with the flight and arrival in Cancun. The customs and immigration process was smooth and efficient. As you leave Customs, there are many people with ID badges that will convince you that they are there to help. However, don't be fooled, if you talk long enough they will eventually get to their sales pitch for either excursions, time shares, ect. Just say no Thanks and proceed outside and find whatever shuttle service you had booked to take you to the resort. We used American Express and were quite pleased. Travel time to the resort is about 30minutes from the airport. When you make the turn off the highway toward Secrets Maroma it is a bit strange. There are a few shops and restaurants at the entrance; however you must travel down a dirt road for a short time before encountering a paver brick road that will take you to the resort. Fear not, the driver is about 5minutes to the property and other than a bumpy road it's no big deal. Your arrival at the property is worth it. Our check in was quick and easy, however as we arrived just before noon, our room was not ready. We were given pagers and told to enjoy lunch and use the facilities until our room was ready. We were paged around 2pm. We returned to the Lobby, received our keys and our bags were brought up immediately. We also received an upgrade in the form of access to the Preferred Club, although we did not have a Preferred Club room. Room & Property: Our room was located in building 22 on the 4th floor and was an Ocean view. This building is located at the rear of the property closest to the main building containing the lobby and restaurants. Although it is the farthest from the ocean, our view of the ocean was superb. The property is layed out in a horseshoe fashion so the other buildings are angled to face SE or NE with last buildings closest to the ocean facing straight forward toward the water. We enjoyed the ocean view rooms and felt the partial Ocean view would have been too obstructed by the palm trees or other buildings. The Swim out suites are a matter of preference. If you had one where the sun shined on the water a good portion of the day, then the water was warm and the people loved them. If you had one that was in shade and the water was cold, they those people felt they were not worth the money. The property looks large in many pictures but we found it to be an ideal size and quite easy to get around. The resort was at 80-85% capacity for most of our stay and never felt crowded. However, a corporate event was held one evening so we did experience the resort at 100% for 2 days and there was a noticeable difference in terms of pool chair availability. Food: The food was very good at all restaurants, the buffet, and the barefoot grill. The menu at the barefoot grill doesn't change much from day to day, so we did enjoy lunch at both the buffet and the Seaside Grill. You can place a lunch order for this restaurant with the Pool Wait staff and they will bring it to your pool chair. There are servers who bring samples of many different items from late morning until mid-afternoon. This was one of the highlights of the day as each day there were different things to try and all of it was excellent. They also had a taco cart which was very good and the chefs setup a station each day along the pool and beach with delicious items such as fajitas. Pools: The pools were very nice. The main pool has a swim up bar and is heated. The infinity pool is very large and is not heated. We did not find this water cold as some reported. We used the heated pool in the mornings and then swam in the infinity pool or the ocean in the afternoon. We found all 3 to be wonderful and enjoyed the change. The other pools on the property were for the swim-out rooms. Beach: As many people stated, this is one of the best beaches you will encounter. The sand is white and never hot on your feet. It is deep and can accommodate many chairs and people. The hotel does a great job of keeping it clean and free of seaweed. The water is Caribbean blue, but was choppier than we experienced in other parts of the Caribbean. Perhaps this was due to their being a full moon much of the time we where there. There was a strong undertow, so you had to be careful. There were no rocks and no unsightly sandbags. Service: The main reason we would return to this resort is the people and level of service they provided. They work so very hard and do everything they can to make your stay fantastic. Everyone from the wait staff (Angeles and Ana) to the pool concierge (Kevin and Allan), the bartenders, the entertainment team, the grounds crew, and management do superb job. You will not be disappointed. Tipping: Tipping is not required. We honestly did not notice a difference in service when we tipped vs. when we didn't. However, these people work hard and a few dollars here and there to recognize their efforts isn't too much to ask considering the crappy service we tip for in the US much of the time. Overall, this was the finest resort we have been too so far. We will definitely return and would recommend to anyone.