My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach for 5 nights starting November 9th, celebrating our 16th anniversary. I researched a great deal befroe deciding on this hotel. We have experienced other all-inclusives including the Moon Palace, Sun Palace, Cancun Palace, Royal Solaris, and Fiesta Americana Condesa in Mexico and Sandals in Jamaica. We liked all of these hotels, but Secrets Maroma Beach was a step up in luxury and several steps up in service. As a previous review stated, what you see on Secrets website is essentially what you get. The hotel is beautiful. The lobby is elegant, the rooms are luxurious, the grounds are beautiful and well maintained, and the beach is spectacular. Check In: We booked a Preferred Club Ocean View room through Olympus Tours. We arrived at the hotel at 5:00PM. Secrets Staff removed our luggage from the airport transfer and we were driven by golf cart to the Preferred Club Lounge for check in, instead of checking in at the lobby. The Preferred Club Lounge is small, quiet, and elegant. We were given cold towels and invited to get a drink while our check in was being done. I had an 1800 Anejo on the rocks and my wife had a Corona and we picked on the tempura vegetables and dipping sauce as our check in was processed. It was less than 10 minutes and we were invited for a tour of the property as we were escorted to our room. We grabbed a second drink for the walk. We were given a basic tour of the property and introduced to our concierge, who had a desk on the first floor of our building. She inquired if we were celebrating anything and we informed her that November 12th was our 16th anniversary. She made reservations for us at Himatsu, the Japanese Restaurant, at a Hibachi table for our anniversary dinner. Room: Room 1636 is a third floor room in the second building from the ocean. It had a decent view of the water. The room itself is beautiful. Its an open floor plan. Marble floors, large whirlpool tub for 2, double vanity sink, large shower separate from the whirlpool, and separate room with a toilet. As we approached the balcony, there is a small sitting area one step down from the bed. On the deck is a second tub for two. Robes and slippers were next to the bed. There is plenty of storage for clothing, a mini-fridge with beer, soda, juice, and water which is stocked daily and airplane sized bottles of Rum, Vodka, and Jack Daniels provided. Clearly, the floor plan was designed to promote romance. The room is set up for couples. On a Scale of 1 to 5, I give the room a 4.5. Oh, and the room was immaculate upon check in and kept that was throughout our stay. It had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in away from home. Grounds: Elegant, but in a subtle way. The resort is not ultra modern in it's design. It's a tasteful and simple design. It is spotlessly maintained. Nightime is beautiful, with deep blue lights illuminating the pools. It is extremely serene to walk around after dark. Pools: There are 15. 13 are only for those who book a swim up suite. The other two are ample in size. One is heated and one isn't. The non-heated pool is a little cold this time of year. The heated was perfect. There is a swim up bar in this pool. There is another bar a few feet away from the pool and a third bar on the beach as well as a "Sports Bar" with pool and ping pong tables and dart boards half way between the lobby and the beach. The hotel provides foam rafts at the pool that were comfortable enough that my wife and I both fell asleep floating through the pool on two separate days. The pool lounges all have thin pads or matresses for optimum comfort. This was really nice. There were even beds by the pool. Plenty of chairs as long as you arrived by 10:00AM. Afterwards, you would have to sit far from the pool or on the beach. I give the pool layout a 5 out of 5. Bars: As mentioned, 1 on the beach, 1 in the pool, 1 poolside, a Sports Bar, the lobby bar, and the Preferred Club Lounge. All carry top shelf liquor. I bartend for a living and I had NO complaints with the quality or quantity of the liquor offered. For tequila drinkers like myself: all 3 1800's (Silver, Anejo, and Reposado), same for the Don Julio line, Cuervo Gold, Cien Anos, el Jimidor and more. Vodkas included Absolut (many flavors), Grey Goose, Smirnoff and others. Scotches included Johnny Walker Black, Red, and Chivas Regal. There was Jagermeister, Liquor 43 and many other cordials to choose from. Beers included Modelo, regular, light, and dark, Corona & Corona light, bud and bud light and others. These were all available everywhere. I am a picky drinker and I give the bar a 5 out of 5. Beach: Crystal blue water, like the pool, and powder soft sand. 5 out of 5. Lobby: Modern and elegant. Nice place for a drink. Food: Extremely good for an all-inclusive. We had a Mexican poolside buffet out first night which had very good variety and good quality. Our second night, we ate in Portofino, the Italian restaurant, and both had Filet Mignon and Lobster Tail, which was delicious. The appetizers before dinner were outstanding. I had Beef Carpacio (sort of a steak tat-tar) and my wife had the Formagio, a melted cheese dish. The Carpacio caused us to return our last night. we were too full for dessert. Our waiter, Raul, was outstanding in suggesting food. Night 3 was Oceana, the poolside seafood restaurant. I had a scallop appetizer the was no bargain, but a filet mignon in some sort of gravy with grilled shrimp that was cooked to perfection. I had a tequila flavored pastry with ice cream that was so good that I ordered a second. Outstanding dessert. Night 4, Himatsu, was similar to a U.S, Japanese Steakhouse. The sauces were a little different and the texture of the beef a little different than in the U.S., but the meal was excellent. Excellent show by the cook and excellent shrimp. Again, the scallops were so-so at best. The fried ice cream dessert was another outstanding finish. Another Raul waited on us here and he too was outstanding. On our last night, we returned to Portofino aand had another good meal. I would characterize the the dinner foods as 4 to 4.5 in quality served in a 5 star manner. We did not experiece any of the hard sell on bottled wines that others mentioned in their posts. A wine list was provided at each meal, but never pushed, and we found the house cabernet fine, however we are not picky with wine. Lunch options were 2 sit down restaurants, one poolside and one in the main building, as well as poolside grills and beach grills serving burgers, hot dogs, wings, chicken & shrimp fajitas, rice, fries, steak some days, and a variety of desserts. Also, chefs walked fom the hotel to the pool area with trays of finger foods prepared in the main building. Some of these were absolutely delicious. Especially the fried chicken cutlets and flank steaks. Breakfast was standard all-inclusive foods with the addition of a crepe station that is a must try. I had fresh strawberry crepes every morning for breakfast. Breakfast and lunch get a 4 out of 5 some days and a 4.5 other days. Spa: We had a couples message. It was nice. We have a great spa near home that we go to once or twice a year, so as this was enjoyable and relaxing, it was nothing we can't get at home. Room Service: Had it twice. It was fast and accurate. Tomato and mozzerella salads, filet mignon for the with a a flank steak for me. The flank steak is marinated in something that gives it a uniquely delicious flavor and a very, very tender texture for this cut of meat. Again, a 4.5. Preferred Club: Added about $200 to the price of our trip. This upgrades the traveler to an ocean view room (we had a decent view), private concierge, who happened to be very helpful, and access to the Preferred Club Lounge, which in our case, was located on the opposite side of the hotel grounds. Would I book this upgrade again? Yes. I liked having access to this Lounge. There were very few people there and appetizers and a variety of desserts were always available. It was a really nice place for a drink before or after dinner. Service : If I could rate the service above a 5, I would. Secrets excels at personal service. We returned from the pool on our anniversay to find a happy anniversary banner draped accross our door and a bottle of chilled chamapgne beside our bed. Our housekeeper left a heart of fresh rose petals arranged on our bed. Service at every bar and restaurant was a 5 plus. Everyone is polite and helpful. I can't say enough positive things about the staff. Negatives: Only two, and they are minor. Upon returning to the Preferred Club Lounge our second morning to pick up our discount coupons, we were subjected to a fairly hard sell to attend a timeshare presentation, though they do not call it such. But that's what it is. It took a repeated "we are't interested" before this sales pitch was abandoned. This was mildly annoying. The second annoying incident was the Olympus representatives hard sell on "tours and activities". You need to deal with them to arrange your transportation back to the airport. This required 3 visits to them, and each time they were beyond obnoxious in their hard sell of these tours. I politely explained on day one that my wife and I had not been away from our children in 12 years and all we wanted to to was relax by the pool and spend time together and that we had "NO INTEREST" in tours, but these guys didn't let up. It took a stern "I AM NOT INTERESTED" repeated over and over again each day I was engaged with them. And I could sense their frustration in my disinterest in their sales pitch as they became somewhat rude each time I declined their sales pitch. Knowing these guys do not represent Secrets, I do not hold this against the resort. Tipping: We brought $100 in singles, $100 in fives, and $100 in tens. We left $3 each day for housekeeping, $3 at breakfast, and we tipped bartenders and waitresses poolside, on the beach, and at the various bars who made our stay so pleasant. We tipped $10 to the waiter at the beginning of each dinner and I can say without a doubt they were all appreciative and went the extra mile for us. And I was happy to see that more people tipped than didn't, clearly reflecting that the guests recognized just how hard this staff was extending themselves to provide the outstanding service that they gave to every guest. In summation, my wife and I would return in a heartbeat. The resort is elegant, relaxing, and romantic. Food surpasses all of the other all inclusives we have visited as did the room accomodations and the service. In my opinion, anyone dissatisfied with this resort is looking to find fault with it. Like I said before, it looks exactly like its website pictures. Visit the website and you will have a good idea what to expect. All in all, this is a classy place with outstanding service.