My wife and I had the best time at Secrets Maroma for so many reasons. The beach was pristine! White sand and crystal blue water with smaller waves which was ideal for us. So refreshing and relaxing. The wait service on the beach was even great. You could have gotta stir fry and burgers every day on the beach as well if you wanted so you didn't even have to leave the beach. The pool layout was great. The social staff had things going on at every minute of the day both at the pool or on the beach. They were very funny and fun, and continued to make people laugh and move around all week long. The wait staff even brought around finger food on some days which was perfect as we didn't have to leave our pool loungers. Overall service (at the pool, waiters, workers, everyone) was impeccable and the whole resort was very comfortable and perfectly laid out. The place was spotless and we didn't really have any complaints. The room was gorgeous and with the swim out pool (for first floor places), it was perfect for our honeymoon. Food was top notch except for the Steakhouse which was disappointing. Two food places did stick out (out of the 7 total places for dinner). The breakfast buffet and ironically, the Italian restaurant. The breakfast buffet was hands down, top notch! Like nothing we have ever seen before. Any juice you could think of, omelet station, crepe station, fresh fruit, salad, fish, lunch meats, breads....everything! It was crazy. The waiters even suggest an alcoholic beverage sometimes which made it fun. The Italian restaurant was great! Many selections and a very comfortable atmosphere. A little dark but we worked with it as it was pretty romantic. My wife got the Gorgonzola sauce and pasta with a few add-ons and it was amazing. The waiter just gave us a bottle of the house wine as he said we looked like we would drink the whole thing. We did! Great night though. Another good thing which was the strangely huge calamari at the day time restaurant next to the pool. Very delicious. A must see and a must try. Probably about 3 inches in diameter. There was nightlife but our nights were spent in our room from long days by the pool while drinking fruity drinks and eating from the grill. We did spend half our nights after dinners in the bar by the main entrance. We became good friends with the bartenders, Jose, Artemio, and Raul. Great fun and good times. We sampled probably 20 different tropical shots over the course of 7 nights. Some other activities we did were kayaking and the bike tour. The kayaking was a good experience but you don't get to see too many fish but still fun. The "jungle" bike trip was a little uneventful but good to get exercise. One of the highlights of our trip was definitely the spa. The facility was 5 stars, hands down. Like nothing we have seen before. We got the couples massage and it was perfect. Went an hour early and relaxed in the outdoor pool, which included normal temp, hot temp, and cold temp waters with waterfalls and jets. We then went back inside and relaxed in robe on comfy chairs before going back to what seemed to be a mystic room which was a pleasantly dark and romantic but still very relaxing. Like no place we had ever seen. That was our last full day. So we enjoyed the rest of day and night and then got our favorite breakfast buffet the next morning and left. Needless to say we were sad. One thing that was a common opinion of people who we met and spoke with, said that Secrets was in the top two places of places they had stayed. This was coming from 2 or 3 WELL traveled couples in two totally different demographics (early 30s and 60s). Hope you get to experience Secrets at Maroma as well.