We arrived on November 10 and stayed for 6 nights. The resort is beautiful. It fits in well with the area. Driving through the gates, both my husband and I were struck by how much it reminded us of Excellence Riviera Cancun. This continued when we went to our room, the layout was almost identical. The furniture and linens were more modern than those at ERC. The fountain running through the middle of the resort is a pretty architectural detail, but seems to waste a lot of space. The Sugar Reef bar was surrounded by cool tables located in the water. On Monday night they had a large inflatable screen showing Monday night football. On several other nights they showed a movie in the theatre. I think they should move the movie to this outdoor location, way more fun to dip your feet in the water and watch a movie outdoors. We were in building 21, with a tropical view. Essentially the least expensive room you could get. We certainly got what we paid for and much more. As mentioned, the room layout is just like ERCs. A good size, but not ridiculously large. Definitely enough space for two. The shower was disappointing in that it was just a regular shower head, no rain shower head or jets coming out of the walls. The bed is large and incredibly comfortable, probably the nicest bed, pillows and linens we have had at any hotel, even beating out the Iberostar Grand Bavaro, which we visited last year. We were able to order extra pillows off of the pillow menu. Air conditioning worked okay in the room. The thermostat said it could go to 65 but never seemed to go below 70. Thankfully Mexico was on the cooler side during our visit and not terribly humid, so 70 was fine. The staff here is wonderful, especially the service staff. The waiters and poolside/beach servers were fantastic. Flora and Jessica took wonderful care of us by the pool and Kevin and Alan made sure we had chairs and umbrellas. This was the first resort where I have actually seen them patrol for those folks who put a book on a chair at 6am and expect it to be theirs all day. They would remove said books or other articles if there was no activity at the chair for 30 minutes. I saw them actually keeping notes on the times. People would return to find their books or other items stacked on a regular chair. Kevin or Allan would politely explain to them what happened and would always help them find a chair, even if it meant moving one from another part of the property. When we checked in they told us occupancy was 100%. It certainly felt full, but never uncomfortably so. The entertainment staff was good as well but certainly better at both Excellence properties and at the IGB. By the end of our stay, we really only knew Thomas and Riccardo, who was new and doing a great job! At other resorts, we know the entire staff by name after a few days, but that just wasnt the case here. We felt their activity schedule could use some tweaking. They had some of the more popular events running at the same time (beach volleyball and water aerobics), or archery and the tequila tasting. A few times we had to choose activities versus other times when nothing was going on. Some of the theatre shows were lame but the fire show and beach party were fabulous. I went to the Spa for a massage and to enjoy the hydrotherapy circuit. This was my only real disappointment of the trip. The massage from Mindy was fantastic, but the hydrotherapy experience was sorely lacking. They just opened the door to the outside circuit and let me go, no guidance whatsoever. When I asked where to start, he pointed to the steam/sauna area and said over there. Compare that to my experience at both Excellence properties, where someone would guide you through the entire circuit, telling where to let the pressure jets hit you & even turning on the jets as needed. I had to search for the switches and just generally didnt enjoy it. I would never have paid extra money just for the hydrotherapy circuit at SMB. Overall the Spas prices were ridiculously high but thanks to the coupon, the price was only moderately ridiculous. We enjoyed all of the restaurants, the food here was the best of any AI we have visited. We ate at Himitsu, Bordeaux, Portofino, El Patio, the Steakhouse and their BBQ Buffet. All were excellent. The breakfast buffet was great too. We loved having the passed food poolside at lunchtime. The Barefoot Grill was great for a quick snack. We only had reservations for Himitsu and even with the high occupancy, never waited more than half an hour for dinner. The bar service was really good. We loved the beach bar with the swings. Such fun! They had passed appetizers in the Lobby Bar at dinner time, which was a very nice touch. Overall it was a great trip and probably our favorite AI. Sure the Excellence and Iberostar Properties each do a few things better than SMB, but overall we enjoyed this resort the most.