Very impressed with this place. We stayed in room 2347. Though further away from the ocean, we had very lovely views of the sea & swim out suites below us (which we're personally glad we didn't opt for .... the water was cold & the layout didn't seem very private.) Rooms; Immaculate; tastefully decorated; comfy bed & linens...only complaint -The bathroom set up is not very discreet ... the toilet in particular ; let's just say it could kill some of the romance in the air. We got used to it but couldn't help wondering what were they thinking !!! Service: Extremely polished. Staff is well trained, attentive, polite & always smiling. JUST WATCH OUT for those time sharing people who will approach you at Check- in. Despite their politeness, they may be trying to sell you something you don't need. Beach: Sand & water absolutely beautiful. Lots & lots of angel fish, some up to 1 ft long swimming around in circles almost every where (Spooked us a little , though apparently they're harmless) Restaurants; We were very impressed with the overall quality of food, timeliness of service, original menus, creative presentation. Generally V-Good to excellent ( a few misses however Eggplant parmegian was horrible) Favorite restaurant (seafood) least favorite (Japanese). House wines not very good (we stuck to white chardonnay). Furniture, decor, silverware, table settings & music matched restaurant themes perfectly. Very romantic (Mexican & Italian). Breakfast buffet was amazing. Honestly don't think you could ask for anything more ... hmmm so so good & everywhere you turned, everything was so so clean ! Grill on the beach was fun. Drinks: Disappointing; despite the constant tipping, our drinks were often light on alcohol. Other: We used our 200$ resort coupons to help pay for the 80 min. couples massage, chocolate wrap, & Romantic Dinner on the beach. Massage & romantic dinner was totally worth it; the chocolate wrap was not a pleasant experience for us, though not the hotel's fault ; just didn't like that. We only attended one dinner show (pretty amateur) ... can't really comment on the rest of the entertainment on the premises. Liked having the free access to internet . Overall: This is a lovely upscale resort with interesting architectural details & pretty landscaping throughout. Lots of honeymooners, weddings on the premises etc... Basically you're surrounded by happy people ! Our experience was just about perfect from the minute we arrived at the airport to our safe return home. Completely recommend this place, & would not hesitate going back or trying other sister resorts. Thank you Tours Mont Royal, Thank you Secrets Maroma .