I read what many people posted, both good and bad, on Trip Advisor and Facebook before deciding to come here. I traveled with 8 of my college buddies, we celebrate together each year on a trip somewhere. Some tips: based on what we read I booked travel from the airport with Cancun transport. $50 one way or $82 round trip. Look for their red linen shirts outside the airport and the sign with your name. We stayed in building 25, with the preferred lounge, it was nice to have a private place to go, so close to our room, with top shelf drinks and food available all day and night. They also have 3 free computers and an espresso machine. We sooned learned that the preferred lounge was indispensible, we would suggest you take advantage of it. The bartender even brought our top shelf drinks to the beach. I also had free wireless service in our room. The staff could not have been more wonderful. We took another traveler's advice and brought a couple hundred in ones for tipping, but we got the same level of great service whether we tipped or not. That said, the staff works hard and the tips are appreciated. Most all the staff can speak English (if that's your native language) but are more than happy to let you struggle with your Spanish. The thing about an all inclusive is that it's a balance. You are safe and cared for, but separate from the rest of the local culture. One of my friends described it as "Disneyland for adults." It is a little world unto itself. If you are looking for the "authentic Mexico," it's not really here. This place caterers to those that want to relax and not have to think for yourself. That's is what I wanted this trip. The resort is adults only, so no little ones around. Many people talked about bugs. I found that if you kept the screens closed to your room, there were no problems. As the staff said, you are in the middle of the jungle. Our air conditioning worked fine, it does turn off when you open the doors to the patio, so keep them closed. The rooms were clean when we arrived and each day were fixed up nicely. The grounds are also well maintained and each day the gardeners are out trimming the palms and the grasses. Hot water worked fine in the shower, but not so well in the bath. That said, we didn't miss it. Mini bar in the room is free, and stocked with soda, juice, water and Peanut M&Ms and Pringles. Room service is 24/7 and free. We never used it. Food overall was plentiful and good. Yes, they do cook it out of one kitchen as some folks noted....so after 5 days it can seem repetitive, but I don't fault them for that. We lived on chips, salsa and guac...so we were happy. Each morning we walked on the beach, went back and ate at the World Cafe buffet, and then came the big decision.....lay by the pool or lay on the beach. Lunch was either the Cafe Coco for sandwhitches, paella on the beach, the fish grill, or Oceanaire. Lots of choices. And as you lay at the pool during the day, they pass by continously with egg rolls, sushi, ice cream, and all manner of snacks. There is also a poolside/beach side menu. Each night when you go to bed, the turn down service leaves a list of activities for the next day. You don't have to participate, but we enjoyed yoga, salsa dancing, the fire show, comedian show, american idol show and a tour of the kitchen. House wines were palatable and liquor is freely poured for those that want it. They are good photo opportunities with iguanas on the rocks by the pool, and a coati mundi that comes to beg for food. We have no problems with dogs on the beach, though one day one walked by looking for a handout. All in all, if you want to lay around, relax and not think too much this is the place for you. Most of the guests were newlyweds and those celebrating an anniversary. There were weddings held 4 of the 5 days we were here. Only a few obnoxious drunks, most folks were really wonderful. We met people from Germany, the UK, Chile, US, etc. We thought about going into town for tours, shopping, etc but never made it. No need.