My wife and I honeymooned at Secret's Maroma from 10/30-11/06. The trip was nearly flawless, the beach amazing, the staff incredibly warm/sincere/efficient, the food/drinks incredible, and the overall atmosphere romantic, fun/energetic, and peaceful at the appropriate times. Food. Italian, French, Mexican, Japanese, World Cafe (Buffet), Seafood, Steak. We were there long enough to try each restaurant and all were amazing. You don't have to decide "which is better", you just go visit the restaurant style that sounds most appealing. Breakfast was normally in World Cafe with free flowing Mimosas, expertly cooked eggs, omlettes, and crepes. We went to lunch at a restaurant one day, but decided the pool-side treats served by numerous Chefs were the best. My favorite...don't miss the taco cart! At dinner, the Filet was always cooked perfectly, the rack of lamb delicious, sushi...umm...not bad (but definitely visit the Japanese Hibachi...by reservation only), the fish was free and cooked perfectly. The portions are smaller but they won't let you leave hungry! For dessert, order 2-4 desserts and create your own sampler platter! Also, visitors from the nearby sister Secret's Resort said our food was better. (You can visit back/forth for a transportation fee). Drinks. All are amazing, and the staff if very prompt/efficient. The pool-side staff made their rounds ever 15 minutes or so, but remember to respect the tequila! I'm not a fan of sweet drinks, so I received a "Tequila Lesson" from my new best friend in the Preferred Club Lounge. 1800 Anejo Tequila is my new favorite! The wines in the restaurants are all "house quality", but you can purchase bottles of your favorites. Swim-Out Room. This was a fun experience. We usually had a quiet/private drink after a day sitting in the sun by our shady swim-out. Surrounded by vegetation, the area was very private (but shared with other rooms in your building). We were usually the only ones in the pool and everyone seems to use it briefly at different times. The tropical birds were fun to watch and we had an unexpected visitor across the pool stop by one night (a VERY shy Lemer). Overall, very relaxing, tropical, refreshing addition to our already amazing room. Beach. I've been to many FL beaches; Crete, Greece; Sardinia, Italy; and lived in Hawaii for 10 years. The Maroma beach is #2 in the world of beaches I've visited. Bellows Beach in Hawaii with the cliffs falling into the sea remains my #1. However, the white sand and blue ocean make it a VERY close #2. We split out time between the pool and the beach, which offered it's own bar (with swings...fun to watch the tequila shooters eventually fall off a swing), and relaxing ocean surf. Perfect for an afternoon nap! Entertainment Staff (aka, "The Mexican Mafia"). The small group of hotel employees had the sole job of keeping the entertainment going and the energy level high...where appropriate. Yoga, Volleyball (in the pool and beachside), Water Arobics, Afternoon poker/blackjack...in the water (near the swim-up bar), and even had a "Thriller" dance lesson on Halloween. My favorite was the "release of 100 baby green turtles" one night. Don't forget to check your daily resort activitiy sheet for these hidden "secret activities". Look for the Pool Consierge (Kevin) and let him know if you need anything. Rooms/Beds. The pillows/mattress was the best I've experienced with impeccable daily maid service, which included a nightly turndown. (Fun to come back from dinner and find the room tidied up and setup for the evening). One of the gems of Secrets is the room service via the "secret box". If your "do not distrub" light is on, your order is placed in a "box" accessible from inside the room. (Yes...you can get room service in your romantic sleepwear if you so desire!) We ordered coffee service each morning and an occassional night time dessert via our "secret box". Spa. I'm not much for spa activities, but my wife got a very good massage for a great price. The spa atmosphere is very sophisiticated, tranquill, and relaxing. Book a session for your wife and then go participate in a Tequila Tasting Lesson! (See your daily activity sheet). External Activities. Go visit your hotel travel rep near the main lobby. He's your best friend for the week in terms of all adventures outside the hotel. We planned a light week that included Tulum, Xel Ha, Parasailing, and my first Dolphin Encounter. The Tulum/Xel Ha trip was combined and was an 11 hour outing (including travel time). I recommend you plan your week accordingly....get a "big adventure" out of the way, plan a few half-day activities, and enjoy the resort (i.e., my plan for a 7-day stay). I left the hotel only one negative comment before I left. They allow some time-share sales reps in the main lobby (only). Pay attention who you're talking to and if you find yourself sitting at the desk near the Japanese restaurant...you're probably talking to someone that wants to lure you to a time-share presentation. (Huge business in Mexico). In my encounters with these people at the hotel (and mostly at the airport), they very willingly accept a "no, thank you" and you're on your way. No stress...unless you get drawn to one of their presentations. Spanish. I've traveled the world and always carried and foreign language book to attempt the language in the country I was visiting. Yes, you "feel" foolish as you struggle with elementary vocabulary but you win the hearts of your country hosts! (In Italy, you were expected to make an attempt!). Everyone spoke fluent English, but I always used the words/phrases I knew in Spanish. Also, ask your taxi driver, tour guide, bartender, etc about THEIR country and "what can you tell me about this wonderful place". Not only will you learn something, the appreciation for you caring about THEIR homeland will go far. I learned that the Mayans do NOT believe the world will end in 12/2012...it's just the beginning of their new millenium! Overall, the short plane ride to Cancun (from TN), the amazing "all inclusive" experiences, and the combination of hotel amenities and external adventures set the stage for a perfect vacation. While I hope to see the Pitons of St. Lucia again, and will likely walk the beaches of WaiKiki in the future....my next adventure my again be in Cancun at the wonderful Secret's Maroma.