This is how you are greeted as you arrive at reception with cool towels and champagne and it certaily felt like home for the next 2 weeks, This is a seriously excellent hotel and we will be going back there. Rooms: Are large, spacious and lovely what you see on the website is what you get they were superb, we had a standard junior suite in block 21 and it was perfect. We used room service for breakfast a couple of times and this was excellent as well, one tip here be specific when ordering and check when it is deliverd to save any confusion we ordered and had delivery within 30 minutes each time they do specify it could be 45 minutes at peak periods so be aware food was always hot and excellent. Facilities: Could not fault any of them we used the beach every day it is personally the best we have been on lovely white soft coral sands and beautiful blue sea and nice cooling breeze, plenty of loungers and excellent bar and food service on it daily, towels are plentiful and can be picked up at the beach entrance. Nice walks either way on the beach, with plenty of wildlife. We saw ospreys, turkey vultures, pelicans and a kotamundi digging up turtle eggs, the eggs and young are under conservation and a team goes out daily to help any little ones they find to get to the sea, one day they brought around 50 of them down to the beach and let us line up and let them all go it was amazing. Pools: There is one main pool with a swim up bar and an infinity pool which was fantastic, again full bar service available, we drank every evening on the way back from a another hard day on the beach at the sugar reef bar where you can sit or lie in shallow water and it was a great way to end an afternoon they also have films at this bar on a large blow up screen. Tips the pool tends to be a bit on the noisy side occasionaly with water polo and some of the Americans can be shall we say noisy, but that said there is plenty of room around the pool if you prefer it to the beach and plenty of places you can find a quiet spot,. The Americans can be loud but they are really nice as well and a lot of them just go there for 4 days or weddings, which are lovely, they have them on the beach or by the side of the pool. We preferred to go to the beach as it was much quieter. To the right of the beach near the massage hut was always the best spot and a great view of the daily weddings. Restaurants: We used the main buffett for breakfast and some of the evenings when they held a theme night, e.g.mexican, bbq and romantic night. Choice for breakfast is excellent, everything you can think of, always fresh, omlettes cooked for you (highly recommended), crepe bar, fruit, etc. Our favourite was the omlette lady ! BBQ Night superb. Caribbean night was held bhe pool, food amazing and attention to detail whenever they decorate for a themed evening is outstanding. Hitmisu (Pan Asian): You must go to this one. We booked as soon as we arrived to sit at the Hibatchi table. Chefs love to show off and everything was cooked in front of you (apart from soup) Sushi, soups, fried rice, noodles, steak, chicken, scallops, salmon, shrimp (more like king prawns) but watch out for the hot sauce - it's lovely but hot as it says! You can go to this restaurant without booking but the hibatchi is really good. Portofino (Italian): This was our favourite restaurant, food always excellent, service again very good. Everything is always cooked as you ask for it. Bordeaux (French): 2nd favourite, although there is a lot of fish appetisers on this menu and we did struggle for choice as some of us don't like fish. Jesu's was our waiter and he is very passionate about the restaurant and service was excellent. He really takes care of you. All the other restaurants are good, the Mexican (El Patio) was our least favourite but this was down to the choices we made and we didn't go back to try it again. All restaurants and food were excellent and we cannot understand why people have given any of them a poor rating. This is not deserved for any of them. Coco Coffee Bar: always well air conditioned and quiet, coffees, cakes and sandwiches are excellent. You can even take these away for lunch or if you are going out for the day (they will wrap the sandwiches to go as if you ask conceirge to order you a packed lunch they will charge you $10 for a sandwich, piece of fruit and a drink. Lobby: We used this every evening before dinner and Luz the waitress was fantastic, nothing too much trouble, however you requested your drinks she delivered them. Always happy and friendly. Can be loud in here again if there are parties in but it never spoilt our evenings. Piano player was not the best and you have to try to ignore the plentiful wrong notes! Guitarist on Saturday evening was excellent (Coco) and he is also there on Monday at the Beach Party with his band the Outlaws, well worth going to he dedicated a song for us as well. The grounds were lovely in the evenings for a walk and you can sit at the steak bar or seafood bar for a drink, they arrange for romantic meals on the beach (payable) or by the pool as well but you will have to pay for wine to have a table here. Drinks: At the restaurants they will show you a wine menu do not bother with these unless you want to splash out as the cabernet, merlot, sauvignon and chardonnay available are good anyway. Little tip here if you drink whisky or gin or vodka they do top end drinks but make sure you ask for them or you will get a standard blend. They have Chivas Regal and Jonnie Walker black for whisky and Bombay Blue and Tanqueray for gin , also they tend to be a bit heavy handed with the ice so again specify, we tipped often either a couple of dollars or 40 pesos (2 Pound) as 1 its appreciated and 2 the staff are so good you will want to anyway. We generally left 100 pesos after our meals as well, which is about 5 between the 4 of us well worth it. You do not have to tip however we were more than happy to. Trips: We hired a car for a day and went to Tulum and then to Akumel to a lagoon there for snorkelling which was excellent value at around 6 a person (it cost something like 60+ each to snorkel at Xel Ha) plenty of fish in the lagoon and then to the main beach at Akumel bay. The reef and coral were amazing and although it seems a long way out the water is very shallow most of the way to the reef, we even saw a large eagle ray. Tip its very rocky off this beach and getting out with fins was tricky. Spa: We didn't use the Spa, it is beautiful but quite expensive. Nice for a treat though. Hotel Shops: Prices in the hotel shops were reasonable, goods we bought in the hotel were far more expensive in the airport. There are also stalls some evenings outside and you can haggle with them to get the prices down (by at least 30% so do this!) Do not buy from the beach vendors, goods are fakes and jewellery will discolour. Hotel does advise not to buy from them. Negatives (being picky! ) No way a hotel of this quality should charge $10 for a packed lunch, like we suggest get a sandwich from the cafe. Note to hotel - sort this out ! Nice to sit in lobby bar and listen to piano, but not this piano player ! He is not the best, lots of wrong notes - not to be expected in this quality of resort! Saw a woodpecker but he wouldn't peck ! (We are of course joking!) These are the only complaints we have ! We feel other people on Trip Advisor have been over sensitive and given poor ratings which they do not deserve. I am sure some people are far too fussy, we have been on some amazing holidays, cruises, etc and have never received service like this. Come on guys get real ! They have room with computers in and Internet access is free to all guests - this was great as we could email home instead of running up phone bills.