I had never been to a resort in Mexico, and my wife had never been to a Secrets resort, but we were traveling with friends, and we did extensive research before we made our selection. Given the ratings of Secrets Maroma Beach and multitude of reviews, we had some pretty high expectations, and they were more than met. We arrived late on Sunday afternoon, and we were promptly seated at the check in desk (each check in person has their own desk to personalize the experience) and given a chilled hand towel soaked in lavender and a cold glass of champagne while we quickly settled the details of the room. Each 'thank you' that we said was answered by a genuine 'my pleasure sir', which I thought was a very nice touch. We were in a Junior Swim-out room in building 21, which is one of the buildings closest to the main building with the lobby, restaurants and shops. Some would prefer to be closer to the ocean, but I much preferred our location in the end, because our swim-out area was set off of many of the main paths, and we had a large amount of seclusion and quiet. The room was exquisite. They did not take the cheap or the quick route. The four-post king bed, the curtained portico into the Jacuzzi and bathroom, the hanging rolling bathroom doors (like in an old barn), the cubby next to the front door for the private receipt & return of room service, and the step-down in the room to the sitting area and swim-out were all perfect. I dont have any recommendations for improvements to the room. The area in which my high expectations were the lowest was for the food, but I was proven wrong there. The food was incredible. Top shelf and painstakingly prepared. We didnt have a bad meal, and we were able to try everything except the Mexican restaurant. The breakfast buffet in the World Caf was delicious every day. Our favorite waiter was Jesus at Bordeaux  he was excellent. I was disappointed to see that some of the guests didnt follow the dress code for the restaurants. For men, linen or dress pants with a comfortable short-sleeved button down shirt is preferable for dinner, but jeans could also be worn. In most cases, shorts are acceptable for breakfast or lunch. My wife recommends that the best attire for women in the evening is dresses/sundresses and sandals because they can be worn anywhere and be acceptable. Swimsuit cover-ups over swimsuits can be worn in the morning to the world cafe for breakfast and throughout the day. You don't really need much else unless you plan on visiting the gym or doing other excursions. The pool, as expected, got quite crowded quickly every day, but the staff did a good job of clearing out lounges that hadnt been visited in the previous half hour. Due to the shape of the pool and the attentiveness of the wait staff, I dont think that there is truly a bad spot to sit. We either ordered lunch from the poolside, or we wandered over to the Barefoot grill for something to take back to our seats. Youve probably already read about the incredible beach, and it is all true. One of the best in the world. Feels like youre walking in powdered sugar. They even let us release baby tortoises into the ocean one afternoon, which was a great experience. Even though we were traveling at the very end of the hurricane season, the weather was perfect. We had about 10 minutes of rain in the six days that we were there. It would get up into the 80s during the day, with some scattered clouds, and I couldnt have asked for weather that was any better. Not too hot. Of course, this is an all-inclusive resort, so tipping is not required, but we did tip because we thought they deserved it for the service. We usually tipped $1 for every drink round, $3 - $5 at a restaurant, and $5 for the cleaning staff every morning. Most of the green fees at Playa Paraiso Golf Club were included with our package, so we caught a taxi over there two days, and played 18 holes. I was anticipating a packed course, but we were nearly the only group on, and it was incredibly relaxing. Very challenging course with more sand than I have ever seen in 20 foot deep bunkers that you need a rope to get out of. The grass was in better condition than any that I had seen on any course in the states. It was exceptional. My wife was the only one out of our group to get any kind of bites while we were there, and we think they were some kind of sand fleas since we never saw many bugs or mosquitoes the entire trip. I would recommend bringing some kind of after bite medication with you because it was rather expensive at the gift store for $7. I would also recommend using the lotion that the resort provided because the lotion that my wife brought might have been the culprit. Incidentally, we did see other guests with similar bites as well. The only black mark on the entire trip was the high pressure sales pitch that they put us through to purchase a large vacation package on the spot. Im in the auto business, so I know a thing or two about high pressure sales, and these people had it down pat. It was tightly choreographed, and from what we could see, fairly effective. My advice would be that if you know that you are not interested, then choose not to participate at all. Their promise of a celebration that would take no more than an hour and a half in exchange for a $100 resort credit turned into a very uncomfortable five hours. Knowing what we know now, we will definitely be back to Secrets Maroma Beach. It was simply extraordinary.