What can I say, me and my wife spent 10 days here for our honeymoon and couldn't have picked a better place. We absolutely loved it ! We were treated like royalty as everyone is, the level of service is out of this world, every member of staff is so polite and friendly, they cannot do enough for you and are worth every penny of the tips they receive. The hotel is in a really quiet area so if you are wanting a ravers paradise within a 5 minute walk this is not the place for you. We tried the hotel entertainment a couple of times which was quite busy, the other nights we spent on the balcony chilling out with a drink. The beach is absolutely amazing, swimming in the ocean was like having a warm bath, the water is as blue as can be, pure white sand etc etc etc....the beach bar is good too, just sit on one of the swings with a cocktail in hand....perfect ! Every single restaurant we visited on site (French, Japanese, Mexican, Steak House, Italian) served us perfect food, the buffet breakfast and lunch at the World Cafe was brilliant, tons to choose from and all really really tasty. The pool area is great, music playing, option to play volleyball in the pool, people coming around with freshly made food, waitresses always making sure you have a fresh drink to hand. We visited Xen-Ha to swim with Dolphins, go on the lazy river etc, it was a good day out, 175 included transport, dolphin swim, food and drink (which wasn't the best). We also visited Cancun to do some shopping which was ok, there was a lot more to see than we could manage in a few hours. We were there Oct 10th to the 20th, the weather was ok, it rained a couple of times quite heavily, we had a couple of cloudy days but it never dropped below 30 degrees. The only issues I had are very minor - being English we are not as "in your face" as the Americans are, the whooping, high fiving and the fact that they are pretty loud can get on some peoples nerves.....but....you are in the most gorgeous place so that is easily overlooked. The only other complaint I had was my own fault really, we forgot to ask for a swim up room when we booked, when we got there the hotel was full and I had to watch the swim up room people below enjoying what I wanted......but....I will 100% go back here and will not make the same mistake again ! Overall, I cannot understand some of the negative comments about this place, people must be ridiculously picky to find anything wrong with it. If I could, I would go back right now.....it really is stunning !