We spent alot of time researching where to celebrate our 25th anniversary. We never had a honeymoon & decided we needed our anniversary to be somewhere special. We loved staying there, everyone was very friendly. Service was excellent. Our room was very clean upon arrival & extra touches throughout our stay to surprise us from Conception made us smile. The waitresses & waiters all over the resort were excellent & always a smile, many times they would return with a replacement drink just as we were finishing what we had. Loved the bar on the beach with the swings. The mariachi band was alot of fun each night, most nights we would just follow wherever they were playing & eat there. We had a swim out room, and enjoyed using it, most of time we had it all to ourselves, a few times only another couple was in it. The sand is soft & cool under your feet no matter how hot it was out. The angel fish will swim with you if you remember to bring a bit of bread into the ocean, I enjoyed seeing them everyday. Highly recommend this place, everything was perfect couldn't ask for more. When we got a light sprinkle of rain the staff was apologizing, we were not upset by a little rain, shortly after the sun was out & you could enjoy the pools & beach again. This was our first trip out of the US & we were nervous, alot of talk about not being able to drink the water & to be careful, yes you can drink the water at the hotel, they filter it very good, we did not get sick at all, and were there for 9 days. As far as being careful, you have to be careful no matter where you go, we did not have any problems at all, and would love to go back again. At the airport they will try to talk you into seeing another hotel, they will offer you tickets to some type of attraction if you give them some of your time, we didn't want to give up any of our time, so just be aware that you could be asked by the people at the airport. But pretty much anywhere you go these days they try to get you to check out places wherever you stay. We loved being on the beach, our favorite place, from the great service, the swings at the bar, the great lunch on the beach, we almost never had to go to our room. The grounds were very pretty, manicured, lovely flowers & plants, everywhere was so lush & tropical. We would love to go back maybe for our next big anniversary. They deserve 5 stars, I know it's better to critique, but I honestly have no complaints about this place.