Id consider myself and my husband to be well-versed in recreational travel. We travel on a regular basis, but I will only write reviews if the place blows us away. Thats exactly what happened here. We stayed at this resort for 10 days (Oct. 2  Oct 10) for our honeymoon and we couldnt have been happier with our choice of resort. It was by far the best all-inclusive resort we have been to in every single category. This review could be much longer than it already is, but I will try to keep it as short as possible. We stayed in the Preferred Club and I would recommend it if you get a good deal. If its much more expensive, then a regular room will do perfectly well. There really is no deal-breaker of a difference outside of access to the Preferred Club lounge which has only top-shelf liquor, free internet access and some slightly, higher-end snacks on offer. Even then, due to the absence of wristbands, you can just walk in and help yourself. Its highly unlikely that anyone would stop you. The real advantage is that the Preferred buildings are closer to the beach, the views are better and you can get an outdoor soaking tub. We had a 4th floor Jr. suite in building 16 overlooking most of the resort and a big chunk of beach/sea. Wow! What a room and what a view! The suite was absolutely amazing. A/C worked fine, super clean, no bugs anywhere. The bed was very comfortable. The shower was so incredible that we wanted to build one like it in our own home (though the water temperature was hit and miss). Even the bathroom fixtures were something to behold. The mini-bar was stocked daily with water, mineral water, soft drinks, Coronitas and Peanut M&Ms (YAY!). There actually is a pillow menu (that we never used) and it is hidden in the hotel guide that is a big binder. It also contains general info about the hotel, grounds, programs, phone numbers and the in-room dining menu. The building has an elevator if you so desire. Oh, and the Secrets Box is a great idea for room service. The food at this place is simply put, OUTRAGEOUS. I can honestly say that it is by far the most delicious food weve ever had at a resort. And I dont mean the food is good FOR an all-inclusive. No, its hands-down amazing even compared to non-AIs. I refuse to believe that anyone can be disappointed by the vast array of tasty foods. Each menu for the specialty restaurants features chicken, pork, beef, fish and lamb or mutton. There are some more exotic meats available in the form of ostrich and even smoked grasshopper as a salad topping. Most dishes can easily be converted to a vegetarian option and there are featured Vegetarian items available on each menu. And World Caf for breakfast is where I would like to spend every morning for the rest of my life. In the unlikely event that they dont have something you like there, just ask and they will make it. Everything was super fresh and delicious! Coco Caf is a coffee shop located beside the lobby and it was our favourite afternoon stop for a caffeine-filled refreshment. They have an assortment of desserts and sandwiches and coffee-based dessert concoctions that are hard to resist (Oh Glac, we miss you so!). Drinks are excellent and strong enough. If they are not strong enough for you and you want to pass out before sundown, ask for more booze and they will gladly do it for you. What impressed me most here is the selection of beers they have at this resort. Ive never been to an all-inclusive where they had more than 2 types of beer. At this place, they have at least five! One of the waiters in the lobby bar told me I could have my martini with Grey Goose vodka. Are you kidding me? How anyone can criticize the drinks at this place is entirely beyond me. The grounds are beautiful and lush, yet offer a lot of space. The grounds blend into the surroundings perfectly, essentially looking like an extension of the beach and jungle areas. I thought that this was very elegant and beautiful. The beach is the best Ive ever seen. No rocks, shells, anything that could cut your feet. Just fine white sand that stretched from the resort into the water and beyond. Incredible. Take note that this beach is not at all for snorkelling. They do offer it, but other than some fish and sand, theres not much to see in these waters. The pools were great too. The lazy pool was our favourite as it is closest to the beach and you can catch a glimpse of the sea from there. There is also a more active pool and that has the swim-up bar so that can get quite active during the day. Floats are available and even though I saw some people park them by their chairs as they were drying off on their loungers, all one had to do was ask if they are done with it and they would freely give them up. I did not see an issue with this at all during our 10 days there. We used our welcome coupons for the Spa and the place is amazing. We both had a deep-tissue massage. That was followed by use of the outdoor spa pools (Cold pool, warm pool, regular pool and hot tub) and finally some more relaxation in one of their chill-out rooms. The place is amazingly beautiful, smells great and you feel like a million bucks leaving there. It would take a whole other review to describe this place, so seeing is believing here. There was not a single staff member on the resort who even looked like they had a bad day. Seriously, at times it felt like every one there had chips implanted that would make them perfect hosts, but the staff really seem to like what they do and are eager to ensure that your stay is fantastic. At the end of our stay, we were asked to pick an employee who stood out in our minds for great service and we honestly couldnt answer because everyone we came in contact with was amazing. I have never experienced service like that anywhere. Hands down the best! I know a lot of people have said this before, but it cant be said enough  you really should tip these awesome people. They deserve it! The Entertainment  we dont usually do resort entertainment but the Circus show and the Fire show was absolutely incredible. Not to be missed! They have a nightclub on site, but we never went. One more point that I always feel obligated to mention to fellow gay travellers: we are a male couple and that was definitely not an issue in any sense whatsoever here. In fact, we informed our check-in staff member that we were on our honeymoon and were immediately given a Honeymoon banner on our door and promised the champagne/fruit basket package. We never actually received it as there was some sort of mix-up (I blame this on myself not requesting the package ahead of time), but we always received the same excellent service as everyone else throughout the whole trip. I personally see no reason why couples of any gender composition wouldnt choose this amazing resort for an unforgettable trip. I know were planning to come back soon! All in all, this place exceeded all expectations and is highly recommended for even the most discerning adults-only traveler. Enjoy!