We stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach for our honeymoon...9 nights 10 days. The food was amazing! The staff provided great service! We stayed in a swim up next to the main building and found it to be quiet. We thought those rooms by the theater would have been more bothered by sound. We don't think the Preferred status would have provided us any real perks we didn't already get so save your money. Don't worry about trying to plan your excursions prior to going. They can easily be scheduled there thru Amstar. We went on a few excursions and the best one was Tulum Extreme (snorkeling in a cave, zip lining, rappelling, lunch, and Tulum). An all day adventure for $100 per person!!! May sure and take advantage of the free Secrets entertainment (singing competitions, newly wed game) and beach services (snorkeling, catamarand) too. They also have a great pool bar and bar on the beach with swings! Hurricane Paula caused our flight to be delayed upon coming home and we found Secrets to be well prepared to keep us safe and entertain us if we were stuck inside...fortunately we only got wind and rain. The beach was beautiful and the weather perfect...except for Hurricane Paula on our last day. Another suggestion would be to attend to the restaurant hours. If you want to eat at the Japanese restaurant you need to make reservations for the hibachi grill, but not if you just want to sit at a regular table. We would suggest making that reservation upon your immediate arrival to Secrets. We also had a favorite recipe that we gave our building concierge. He talked to one of the chefs and they made it for us! Tips were not really expected, but we left a trail of $1 bills when we ate or got a drink. We didn't take any pesos with us (and didn't need them), but did take a big stack of $1, which we found helpful. The majority of places take US currency or pesos. The resort was very clean but we did find that centipedes are very common in rooms as you are in the jungle, but our concierge and maid service took care of the issue rapidly. They also give you a daily handout of what is going on for the day. It needs to be updated to look more professional. There is also a beautiful old abandoned home next to the resort. Well worth exploring! Go inside to the second story as it gives you a great beach view! Wear shoes if you go see it and you might want bug spray. However, we didn't have any problems with bugs during our stay. There was also a beach next to ours where it was more European and some women were going topless. Something we didn't expect. Would we go back? Absolutely! It was an amazing experience!