Secrets Maroma Beach was amazing. The resort was recommended by our travel agent and we couldn't thank her enough!! When we arrived we were greeted w/ cool towels and champagne. We were quickly checked-in and taken to our room. Since it was our wedding we had the wedding package and had a bottle of champagne waiting. We wasted no time popping it open and took the bottle and glasses to the beach to celebrate. Here are a few of my thoughts regarding the resort: ROOM ~ Amazing. So gorgeous, not too big, not to small. Very modern and comfortable. The bed was so awesome and there were so many pillows and blankets! The view was great too. we were actually in the building that was the furthest away from the beach and we still enjoyed our view very much. They were working on the grounds a little bit so it wasn't perfect but we had no complaints. Besides ... who is really there for the view? :) MANAGEMENT ~ We didn't have any problems at all. The only call we made was about the jacuzzi water not getting hot and they sent someone very quickly ... only to tell us we were turning the wrong one! Ha! BEACH ~ Wow. Beautiful. Water was great, sand was great. There was usually some cabana's open if you got their early enough. It was really great in the evening though. Always open spots and so relaxing and romantic! POOL ~ One of my favorite parts. Gorgeous. Spacious. Cabanas not always easy to come by but I don't think there was day when we didn't find one. POOL/BEACH DRINK SERVICE ~ We thought this was great as well. At times, they were a bit slow but sometimes the servers had a lot of people to tend to so it was very understandable. We tipped $1 every other drink (and as much as we drank that was probably a lot)! The drinks were delicious. I learned to order one sweet drink and then a bloody mary - it helped so the sweet drinks didn't upset my stomach so much. My husband drank beer most of the time which was plentiful. FOOD ~ We enjoyed the food at all of the restaurants was fantastic as well. There were plenty of options although I usually went for the steak! The breakfast was always delicious as well. They also served great food at the pool and beach. We often had sushi, petite fours, fruit, etc. brought around to us at the pool. One day, they even cooked seafood risotto in a huge wok at the beach! It was awesome! ROOM SERVICE ~ This was amazing as well. The rooms have a "secret box" that your food and drinks can be delivered in so that you don't have to be disturbed. We ordered dinner twice and breakfast once. Sometimes if the kitchen was busy it took a bit to get your food but never too long. It was always hot and fresh and pretty darn good too! BARS ~ The bars and bartenders were always gracious and helpful. LANGUAGE ~ We didn't seem to have a problem with this at all. SPA ~ Oh my , this was heaven. We did a couples massage and it was so amazing. The spa is simply gorgeous. The staff incredibly nice and the atmosphere was very relaxing. I would highly recommend this if you are on your honeymoon or anniversary. So amazing! Not sure what else to go on and on about. As you can tell, we truly loved everything about the resort. It was amazing and we would love to go back and would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone of our friends, family or just anyone wanting to go to an amazing resort. Loved it!!