My husband and I wanted to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary in a memorable location that provided everything we needed.....and we got that and more at Secrets - Maroma Beach. We booked our trip through AAA and was able to get the room we wanted with Preferred Guest treatment and the Anniversary Package. We choose this location because we could leave Atlanta in the morning and be on Maroma Beach after lunch. We did not want to spend an entire day traveling. Our shuttle service picked us up promptly and in 25 minutes we pulled onto the Secrets properties. We were greeted and immediately whisked to the Preferred Club lounge in a golf cart. We were given cool wonderfully scented washcloths and champagne on arrival. The food in the lounge was a welcome sight and we snacked as we checked in and were given an overview of our "home." Our room was spectacular with a king bed, jacuzzi and soaking tub on the porch. The view was ideal. I had read a review that suggested a 4th floor room for the best view and went with it as opposed to the swim out rooms that do offer a pool entrance from the room but do not provide a view of the beach, and I am glad I made that choice. The door to our room was wrapped in a 'Happy Anniversary" ribbon and a chilled bottle of champagne and fresh flowers awaited us. Our concierge was precious and was available to show us all the amenities. He called us by name EVERY time he saw us during our stay. We ate at all but one of the restaurants and the food was delicious and always beautifully presented. Our favorite was Bordeux and the poolside buffet where they offer grilled fresh fish, hamburgers, REAL nachos, and much more. The World Cafe had everything for breakfast. There were even cooks that would walk around the beach and pool offering tastes of different foods during the day. There was so much to do we couldn't do it all. Every night offered a variety of entertainment, all of which was fun and quite good. There were daily activities at the pool and beach if you wanted to take part or if not, there was never any pressure to be involved. But our favorite part was simply lounging on the most beautiful beach and having someone bring us cocktails! We love the Florida Gulf Coast beaches and could not imagine that these could be any nicer but the sure were. We also took a hot dog bun from lunch and feed the fish in the ocean and were swarmed by beautiful fish in the crystal clear aqua water. To the right of the property is a very long stretch of beach that is perfect for a romantic walk alone. We also arranged to have our picture made at sunset one evening to commemorate our trip and we very pleased with the photos. You could purchase just one for $15 or as many as you wanted with varying prices for packages. We only left the resort one morning for a snorkeling excursion that was about 30 minutes away to 2 coral reefs south of Cancun and we booked that in the Secrets lobby with a tour company there. They picked us up at 8:30AM and with 5 other couples from other resorts we had all we needed for the trip and returned by 1:30PM to enjoy the rest of the day back at our "home" beach. We had very little to complain about but in order to give a fair review I will note these: Housekeeping didn't come the second day and we later realized that we had turned on the "Do Not Disturb" light that prevents anyone from bothering you. So it was really our fault. When we realized that, we called them and they came and cleaned. Our champagne breakfast in bed that came with the Anniversary Package was a little bit less than we had expected due to a communication breakdown on my part. Our concierge had told me when I scheduled it "if you want extra eggs or french toast just let me know". Well, I didn't realize that the breakfast would only be coffee, mimosas, pastries and fruit. He was trying to encourage me to order more but I thought he meant MORE eggs and french toast so be sure and order all you want when you schedule it. Our package came with coupons to be used there to purchase wine but the house wine was part of the all inclusive deal and was great so we saw no need to purchase bottles.The water in the soaking pool was too cool for us in OCT but on a hot summer day I bet it would be welcomed. My husband's steak was a tad tough one night but other than that we really had no complaints. The staff was all so attentive but never intrusive and the grounds and rooms were immaculate. It was simply gorgeous! I would go back tomorrow if I didn't have to work and could afford another vacation!!! Oh, and we did take advantage of a special they were running on a Couples Massage at the Spa for $195 and it was wonderful and the spa is beautiful with everything you need. That was the only additional money we spent outside of the all inclusive price to Secrets. We did do some additional tipping above and beyond because we felt compelled to but it is not required. We loved it and would highly recommend it to anyone that wants to celebrate a honeymoon or special time. (for the Anniversary Package you must present either your wedding invitation or marriage license)