Secrets Maroma Beach definitely lived up to all of the hype for us! We traveled here with another married couple in early September for a 5 night stay. When we arrived, we were whisked away in a golf cart to the Preferred Club check-in and we were immediately impressed. While we checked in, we were offered champagne and nibbled on the hors d'ouvres which included a great ceviche! The process was quick, and we were then taken to our Preferred Swim-Out room which was gorgeous! We had ordered the free anniversary package, so we were greeted with a bottle of champagne and some fruit (apples) in our room. We spent nearly every daylight hour lounging in the pool and hanging out at the pool bar. The service was great and the drinks were excellent! We dined at nearly every restaurant during our stay and really enjoyed the World Cafe Buffet breakfast, the food selection was very diverse. If you like spice, try the habanero sauce next to the chilaquiles! We also loved El Patio, the food was unique and amazing. Our very favorite dining experience by far though was the private Wine Cellar dinner, wow! We ordered the required amount of wine which ended up being 2 bottles for us, and with our permission they completely customized our food menu around the wines and it was to die for! The service there was impeccable and they went to every length to make us feel special. The only restaurant(s) we didn't really enjoy were the outdoor ones, Oceana and Seaside Grill. We felt the seafood at Oceana was just so-so and the sticky heat made it uncomfortable dining open air at either restaurant. Also, the poolside food that is brought around during lunch is the best! Save your appetite for the taco cart, trust me! Aside from the wine cellar dinner, the other experience I would highly recommend here is a trip to the spa. Amazing! We did a couples massage that was a daily special that included a pass to come back another day for the hydrotherapy circuit. The massage was amazing, but I think the hydrotherapy was really my favorite part! We did go back the next day just to do that all again...they have a steam room, sauna, ice cold pool, hot whirlpool, and a bunch of little jets and fun things to try out in the main pool. So relaxing! All in all, I felt this vacation was fabulous and was such a great bargain! We used a travel agent who helped us score a really good deal (Jamie at Beach Bum on a Budget), and it was so worth it. We would love to go back to Secrets Maroma someday soon! Pros: Wine Cellar dinner, Spa, service, gorgeous rooms, Preferred Club Lounge, Swim-out pools, 24 hour room service, coconut ice cream Cons: Swim-Out rooms can be noisy (especially in the AM when staff is meandering outside), limited view of ocean from pool areas