My husband and I selected this resort for our honeymoon not knowing much about the Riviera Maya area. I found and booked the hotel online based on the site description/pictures and other traveler reviews. This is the first review I have ever posted, but want to make sure others definitely know about this wonderful place! The service was impeccable. The staff was consistently professional, friendly, and everyone seemed to have a genuine desire to ensure you had a good experience. We stayed in the Preferred section which gave us access to a private check in/out, and concierge and lounge just for our building. This was a very nice feature and I would recommend the upgrade. The lounge had snack size food all day, full bar, and internet access. After coming off the beach but before dinner time, this was really nice to pop in for a quick bite and drink. The room was very spacious with a separate sitting area and the balcony included a two-person deep soaking tub. The bathroom also featured a jetted tub that fit both of us and made for the most fabulous bubble bath ever! Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning and replenishing the room daily and the turndown service was very nice. The pool, and general use of water in the architecture, was just beautiful. Note, the pool area closest to the beach fills up quickly each day, so if that's your thing I would recommend staking a place shortly after breakfast. There is no club music playing here...always soft, mellow music coming through the speakers all day long. For us, we headed to the beach. There were chairs already sorted in pairs next to the palapas and wait staff would come by periodically to take drink orders. If you didn't want to walk back to the pool for lunch, a crew would come out to cook lunch on the beach once a day -- seafood paella was great! Towels are provided just before entering the beach, as well as outdoor showers to rinse off the sand. We scheduled a couples massage at the spa and oh my....what a facility! This place is nothing short of stunning! I have been in many high end spas, but this one was visually one of the best I've seen. Services were exceptional and professional. I only wish we had time to have more! Highly recommend to anyone. The travel desk helped us book a day excursion to visit the ruins at Tulum, followed by a trip to Xel-Ha. The trip went very smooth, left around 8:30am and returned around 7pm. Tulum was beautiful and easy to walk around -- many great photo ops! Xel-Ha was a great park with all kinds of activities in a lovely natural setting. The snorkeling was not the best (compared with the Cozumel reefs anyway) but it was made up for in my mind by the swim in cave, nature walk, and cenotes. This would be a great place to come back with kids. Finally...the highlight of the whole resort in our opinion...the FOOD!! We are both major foodies and have an affinity for high end food and good wine. We expected good food from an all-inclusive, but nothing to write home about. We were so very wrong! We dined at the World Cafe for breakfast and the seafood, French, and Italian restaurants for dinner. Dinner was like eating in a 4 star restaurant every time, with our personal favorite being the Italian. You might be thinking, why not eat Mexican when in Mexico...really, trust us and try these places. We did venture out and tried a new wine supposed to be one of the best from Mexico, and have to say we're now a huge fan! Definitely get introduced to Guadalupe, the sommelier, for some great recommendations. Try his wine tasting class as well! Our last night we scheduled a private romantic dinner. We had an option of beachside with champagne, or in the wine cellar with a bottle of wine. After the French/Italian experience, we eagerly opted for the wine cellar table. Guadalupe was attentive as well as our waiter the whole time to make sure our dinner was perfect...and it was! Can not recommend this exclusive dinner highly enough!! Overall, this resort far exceeded any expectations we had before arriving. I could not have asked for a better honeymoon. Simply perfect. If you want a classy, high end resort to wow and romance your sweetheart, you need to book here.