I read about a million reviews on Trip advisor before selecting SMB. We stayed at SMB from 10/2-10/9 for our 25th anniversary. We are relatively seasoned travellers (not starry-eyed honeymooners, not that there is anything wrong with that) and completely enjoyed SMB. The resort is located about 20 minutes south of Cancun. We booked our transfers to the resort through USA Transfers which was $80 round trip and was worth it. We did a private transfer and they were easy to spot at the airport and went directly to the resort. Check in was a bit of a hassle and seemed to take longer than necessary but they upgraded us to an ocean front room, so all was forgiven. We booked our room in the preferred section which is closer to the ocean and has a private area with computers and bar with appetizers. I forget what we paid to be in the preferred section, but other than being a little closer to the ocean, it doesnt seem worth the extra money. The room we had was very nice. We had an oceanfront room on the second floor. We were in a room at the very left side (as you face the ocean) of the resort in building 17. The view was somewhat obstructed by the huts between the building and the ocean. It seems that the better view would actually be on the 3rd floor of that building or on the 3rd or 4th floor in some of the other buldings. So maybe ocean front isnt necessary either if you can get on the 3rd or 4th floor. We agreed that if we go back we might try a swimout room although all those have vegetation for privacy and dont have ocean views. We didnt really have any of the bathroom privacy issues others have mentioned. The food was very good, as far as AI's go. Nothing great, but plenty of variety and restaurants to choose from. We actually liked the Mexican restaurant the best. We did the Hibachi table at the Japanese restaurant which was fun and the food was good. We also did a dinner on the beach which was very romantic but way overpriced. We tried all the other restaurants and found them all to be pretty good. But anybody expecting a tremendous variety of gourmet food should not be doing a AI in the first place. The service at the resort was first rate and most employees spoke pretty good English, which was great for us as we speak very little Spanish. The beach was fabulous and certainly the best part of the resort. Maroma Beach is great for long walks and the section of beach in front of the resort is the best part of Maroma Beach IMO. The sand was soft and the water was clear and warm. We had pretty decent surf while we were there which made for nice body surfing. We did not have to get up early to reserve a spot as you do in many other resorts. We spent most of our time at the beach but the pool was very nice as well. My wife also did the spa and loved it. All in all SMB was as close to perfect as you can find and we would highly recommend it.