We used Trip Advisor as the primary means to select our vacation location. All the reviews were great and we found them to be very accurate. My wife and I were looking for a romantic vacation away from children. Resort Overview Hotel rooms are very nice. All rooms face the ocean. Rooms on the 3rd and 4th floor are called Ocean View as you can see the ocean over all the palm trees. 2nd floor rooms are called Partial Ocean View but they are below the tops of the Palms so you do not see the Ocean. All first floor rooms are Swim Out rooms, During our stay Oct 3-8, no one used the swim out pools as the water was much too cold. The best rooms are the 3rd and 4th floor rooms. The preferred buildings are closer to the beach which is nice for the day but all the evening activities are in the main building so the regular rooms are closer to those activities. We would stay with the regular rooms on a future trip. Arrival Our flight landed about 1:30 PM on a Sunday. We cleared customs in about 15 minutes. We opted not to take the transfer that came with the package as it it typically a longer wait and stops at multiple hotels and were given a credit for that amount. We arranged to have USA Transfers take us to the hotel. We arranged this via internet and email before we left on our trip. The USA Transfers agent was easy to find right outside the double doors and we were in our personal van in 5 minutes. Drive to Secrets was about 30 minutes. We highly recommend you use a personal transfer service, USA Transfers cost was $80 round trip plus tip each way. You pay the full amount on the arrival trip in cash. On the return trip, the driver was at the hotel about 5 minutes before our set time and the trip back to the airport was about 30 minutes. Arrival at the hotel was as described elsewhere. We had booked (and paid for) a partial ocean view with free upgrade to Ocean View. When we arrived we were initally told that there were no Ocean Views available. We argued and I offered a tip and they found an Ocean View room for us. This was probably the only negative to the resort. At these prices, the 2nd floor rooms should be sold as garden views (that's what they are), and 3rd and 4th floor rooms as ocean view. No one wants to start their vacation haggling over a room. Our Room We were in room 1534 which was on the north side of the property and a middle room in our building. The bed was very comfortable. We could watch the sunrise over the ocean each morning from the bed. Pretty neat. All rooms have a balcony with 2 chairs, a table, and a very comfortable love seat. There is a safe in the room big enought to hold a PC. Bath rooms are large and we had no problem with the privacy issues noted in other reviews. I loved the shampoo and saved a bottle each day to bring home. We tipped $5 each day and our service was excellent with initial cleaning done in the afternoon after lunch and the turn down service was done during dinner time. I spoke to other guests that were not getting turn down service so the $5 tip may have helped with that. Breakfast We never did breakfast room service but many did. We enjoyed the World Cafe. The crowds start to hit about 8AM so we tried to arrive before then. Never much of a wait for breakfast. The made to order eggs and omelets, fresh salmon, made to order crepes were our favorites. Pool or Beach? Both pool and beach are exceptional. The beach is one of the most beautiful in the world. The sand is soft and the water temperature must have been in the low 80s...very nice. Our first day the water was as smooth as a lake and you could see the angel fish swiimming around you looking for bread handouts. A front came through on Monday with about an hour of rain and the rest of the week was a little windy and the sea had about 3 foot waves. I enjoyed the beach and spent most of my time there. Apparently the wind is typical this time of the year--it is the end of hurricane season. I went down to the beach each morning right after breakfast about 8:30 AM and had the pick of the chairs. My wife did not like the chairs on the beach as they had no padding and could not be positioned to lay flat for sunning on your back. If you like to walk the beach, go to the south (right) and you can walk for about 2 miles with no hotels, The reef follows the beach about 500 yards off shore. Many snorkeling tours anchor about 500 yards off shore near the light house. The pool is a little louder and frequented by the party group. There are many activies at the pool to stimulate noise and excitement. My wife like the pool chairs as they were comfortable and made a great place to sun and read. Around noon, the pool staff brings appetizers. We did not see this service at the beach. In summary, we used chairs at both the beach and pool and alternating between the two. Lunch The first day we did burger at the pool side grill. Probably the largest burgers I have ever seen. Every other day we would take a break from the sun about 1 PM and eat at Oceana/Sea Side Grill which is the restaurant right at the pool. Excellent service and food. I tried the shrimp cocktail and grilled grouper and liked both so much that I did the same every day except one where the waiter convinced me to try the tuna. The grilled grouper was the best. We would finish off lunch with a Coconut Ice Cream. YOU MUST try the Coconut Ice Cream. We told others that we got this suggestion from reviewers on Trip Advisor and all agreed...it is super. Room Service has it too! Activities The Entertainment Staff is exceptional. I played beach volleyball every day at 11 AM and 1630 PM. Althought I am 60, I kept up with the 30 somethings for some great games. The entertainment staff learned my name and called me by name whenever they saw me. Soon many of the guests were calling me by name. My wife asked me how everyone knew me. Tomas, Cici, Uri and Moses of the entertainment staff are great so get to know them. My wife did the water arobics each day. I did the bike ride through the jungle but it was nothing exceptional. Good exercise. Dinner We did not try El Patio, the mexican restaurant. We spoke with some guests that said it was good but we did not believe it could compare with Bordeaux or Portofino. We ate at both twice. We usally wanted to eat about 7:30 PM and both had a 30 minute wait then. We got in the habit of going to the restaurant about 7:30 PM and putting our name on the wait list and then go the the lobby bar and enjoy the music and a drink while we waited for our table. We met a lot other guests and enjoyed the conversations during this time. We made reservations for the hibatchi table at Himitsu when we first arrived the resort. There are only 14 seats at the table so not everyone at the resort can dine here. Quite frankly, we were disappointed. The food was not as good as the other restaurants. We enjoyed meeting the other guests and had fun, but we would not do Himitsu again. Room Service We spoke with many guests that did a lot of room service. We only ordered Coconut Ice Cream when we came back from the beach each day while we were relaxing in the room before dinner. What a wonderful experience sitting on the balcony looking at the ocean and enjoying a coconut ice cream. Snorkeling If you want to snorkel but not waste a day doing so, head north on the beach to a hut with a couple of hammocks hung from the roof. They have a boat that goes out each morning at 11 AM. Cost is $37 cash as they do not take credit cards. I found the reef not the best I have seen, but the guide was exceptional and pointed out Stingray, octopus, star fish and other interesting sealife. The trip is about 1.5 hours and you are in the water about 40 minutes. All equipment is included in the price. Evening Entertainment There were many negative reviews about the evening entertainment. Although the entertainment was not Las Vegas quatility, it was really pretty good...or if it was really bad it was so funny that it was entertaining. We enjoyed all the shows. As mentioned previously, we also enjoyed the lobby jazz, vocalists, etc with a drink as we waited for our dinner table. Tipping Tipping is not mandatory and many guests do not tip. We tipped $1 for each round of drinks, $3 to the waiter for all sit down meals, and $5 for the room cleaning crew. Total was about $25 per day in tips. Summary We enjoyed everything about our vacation. Overall, this was the nicest resort we have ever stayed at....but you are paying for the experience. Our only reservation in recommending Secrets is the cost of the experience and the issue with Secrets calling their garden view rooms partial Ocean View. Go ahead and book here. It is a vacation you will remember forever.