My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma March 2010. It was a very special occasion as our daughters wedding was held there during our stay. Both the wedding and holiday were beyond all expectations. We are returning in March 2011 and I am feeling very guilty that I didnt bother to post a review. So here goes. We booked with Blue Bay Travel, part of Caribbean Warehouse, and Diane the wedding co-ordinator could not have been more helpful with booking for all the guests. I will not go into detail about the resort, as other reviews have already covered most aspects, all I can say is the rooms are amazing, the beach is incredible, good selection of different food, good entertainment and the staff are always very helpful and attentive in all areas. THE WEDDING: When my daughter and her husband first announced they wanted to get married abroad, I was a bit concerned, but as long as they were happy. Little did I know what a wonderful and stress-free experience it would turn out to be. Cecilia, the resort wedding co-ordinator was very helpful, and although there were a few language problems at times, she always replied to all my daughters e-mails promptly. We had already decided that if things dont go to plan, we wouldnt get freaked out and as long as the wedding was legal, that was all that mattered. The day after we arrived, my daughter and fianc met with Cecilia to go through final choices; you dont really need to choose anything before you get there, decisions were made on flowers, dcor and where to have the evening dinner. The original plan was to have the wedding on the beach, but it was quite windy, so they decided on the gazebo by the pool  best decision ever! It was incredible! The wedding was at 4.00 pm in the afternoon, so we all spent the morning on the beach, that was after all the girls had a champagne breakfast in World Caf. The girls wandered off to the hairdressers after lunch at varying times, the hair stylists were brilliant, most of us took a picture of what we hoped to look like and no-one was disappointed. My son was in charge of delivering the flowers to guests in their rooms, which was the only hiccup as he had to go and find them himself as they were not delivered to him as promised. Guests gathered at the main bar for drinks, while the bride had a photo session by the swim-up pool by her room. The photographer was amazing and took some beautiful pictures, although the cost of the package was not as expected. The sunbeds in the immediate vicinity of the pool were moved and the area coned off from other holidaymakers and seating was arranged for the guests (13). The gazebo looked beautiful with white organza wrapped around the uprights and flowers (extra) decorated the interior. A table was set in the middle for the registrar, who conducted the ceremony in English and made everyone feel at ease. It was quite a walk from my daughters room to the gazebo, but guests and staff lined the route, which made her feel very special. After the ceremony during the signing of the register, my sons girlfriend sang Songbird by Eva Cassidy, everyone was moved to tears, it was so beautiful. Champagne and wedding cake (lemon cheesecake) were served after the ceremony and a Mexican quartet played music (extra cost). After all the family photos were taken, the photographer took the bride and groom to the beach for more intimate shots, they were amazing! After a few drinks at the bar, we all went to the Italian for a meal. The balcony was reserved for us and we had a lovely meal with dedicated waiting staff. The musician on the main bar that night was a violinist and she came out specially to serenade the happy couple. The evening ended with a visit to the disco, which finished off a perfect day. One thing I must mention is the photographer, the basic package is only for a number of photos which he chose. He must have taken about 1,000 pictures, if you wanted any more you had to buy the whole lot, which was about 4 times the original price. After a long session of bargaining, they managed to knock the price down, but not before a lot of temper and tears! Apologies to those of you looking for a traditional holiday review, but my daughter found there were not many wedding reviews, hence the details gone into here. I can thoroughly recommend this hotel and as already mentioned we cant wait to go back!