We were lucky enough to return to this fabulous resort and were NOT disappointed. Actually, this trip far exceeded our first visit which was in October 2008. The staff is what makes this resort truly special! They cannot do enough for you. We traveled with my in-laws who are in their early 70's. As a former Italian restaurant owner, my father-in-law is a pretty tough customer. From Jose in the Seaside Grill to Rodgrigo in the Italian restaurant to Francisco who is one of the managers to Roger our concierge to the entertainment staff to the entire pool/beach wait staff, they all went above and beyond to keep us happy. Every employee served you with a "it is my pleausre". It truly was "our pleasure" being there. The beach was as spectacular as ever with crystal clear water and powdery sand. The mosquito issue was virtually non-existent even with a few showers each day. We dined outdoors two nights and did not have a problem. During our previous visit, we practically could not walk outside in the evenings without being attacked by mosquitoes. We enjoyed all the shows this time around. The rock show was spectacular! Don't miss it. The breakfast buffet was phenomenal with every possible choice imaginable. Also, they have really perfected their lunch choices with the Barefoot Grill to the burgers, etc. on the beach to the Seaside Grill to the main buffet in World Cafe. You were able to eat on the beach or eat by the Barefoot Grill in the shade or visit the two other restaurants. Jose actually walked around with two fabulous fresh fish salads for my father-in-law and husband as they just received their delivery of fresh octopus and prepared the salad to my father-in-law's liking. It was truly incredible. Our favorite for dinner was naturally the Italian as we dined there three of our seven nights, but the French, Mexican, Seaside Grill and even the Mexican Fiesta buffet night all exceeded our expectations and were very much improved from our previous visit. On our last trip, we were given a tour of the Spa but it was not quite 100% operational. I actually saved the Spa vouchers that we did not use and brought them with us for this trip. Roger our concierge was kind enough to have them reissued and we were able to use them this time around. The couples massage is pure heaven and the facilities are quite breathtaking. We also visited the gym every morning. While it is quite small, it was sufficient. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank Berman Travel and in particular Jennifer McDonald for arranging such a fabulous trip. With the apparent threat of tropical storm Matthew, I was very concerned and was contemplating changing out trip to another location. Jennifer gave me her cell number and told me to call her "anytime" with the possibility of Matthew becoming a hurricane. Susan Berman, who is the owner of Berman Travel, was kind enough to speak with me at length and to calm my fears but was willing to do whatever I asked her to do to keep us happy. Lastly, Jennifer arranged for our roundtrip ground transfers with Lomas Travel. We had a private SUV which was waiting for us upon arrival in Cancun and was waiting for us upon our departure from Secrets. In the past, we literally had to leave the resort over 4+ hours to then sit in the airport for coutless hours. But with Lomas, they arranged everything so perfectly that we did not need to rush out at the crack of dawn. I cannot say enough about Berman Travel or Lomas Travel. Secrets Maroma Beach is truly a special place, and we plan to return! ENJOY :)