As a travel agent I visit many properties staying as a guest to see how the property treats their guests. I specialize in honeymoons and destination weddings, so I am always looking for a property that stands out from the rest. This property met all our expectations. The service was outstanding. They paid attention to every detail and were happy to serve you with what ever you wanted. On the first day we headed for the beach and were looking for some lunge chairs to position closer to the coean. One of the staff from Secret's noticed us right away and offered her assistance. Her name was Ana. She insisted on getting us our lounge chairs and bringing them to us. My husband, Richard said no he would get them. She insisted on getting them and then offered us a drink. I told her that I didn't have any money with me to tip her and she said no problem, you are here on vacation, just relax. I was amazed and her willingness to serve us even after I told her I had no money to tip her. I have been to many resorts in Mexico and this was rare for me to experience such a wonderful attitude from Ana. She was so bubbly and cheerful and said her was her pleasure to serve me. We experienced this during our whole stay. The staff was exceptional throughout the resort. Whether we were dining in one of the wonderful restaurants, sitting at the pool bar or relaxing by the pool, there was always someone there ready to serve you. They even came around by the pool several times during lunch serving tempura shrimp, mini tacos, chicken on a stick and little mini desserts. That is what I call service. The first night we decided to just stay in and ordered room service. We ordered the chicken wings as an appetizer, fajitas for me and Richard got a pizza. I have never had such good chicken wings, they looked liked they were on steroids, they were so large. The portions were so huge we couldn't begin to finnish what we ordered. Everything was very good. We had the food within 30 minutes from the time we ordered it, which was great. We also dined at the Asia restaurant and made a reservation for the hibachi, which is the only reservation you would need to make. No reservations are required at any of the restaurants, which is great. Again the service was outstanding and the food was very good. The next night we ate outside at the World Cafe, where they came and sang to us, which was very nice. this was a buffet, which was also excellent. Loved the cananolli they made with spinach and and cheese sauce. It was outstanding. The beach at Secret's Maroma is one of the best I have been too, and I have been to many. I would put in my top 5 beaches. The water was so warm, you could just walk right in with out feeling chilled. They had some nice little waves to enjoy and you didn't even need to snorkel, you could see the fish swimming all around you. Loved, loved loved the beach The sand was a nice soft white powder and even though it was in the 90's it wasn't hot to walk on barefoot. We had an Oceanview room on the third floor with a great view of the pool and the ocean. The room was well taken care of every day and then also came back with a turn down service. The day we arrived they had rose petals all over our bed shaped in a heart with two swans and a rose. We were also greeted with a beautiful plate of fruit and a bottle of Brut champagne. This resort had a lot of honeymoon and anniversary couples returning back to once again enjoy this wonderful property. If you have any questions about this resort feel free to email me. We stayed for 3 nights and then went to Silversands to stay. We actually hated to leave.