We booked Secrets Maroma on Orbitz, and upgraded a room category to ocean view jr suite. We stayed at the resort from Sept 4-11th. Check in was quick and easy. We were looking to possibly upgrade to a swim out suite, but we were told the resort was 100% full and that there were no upgrades whatsoever. I was surprised because it was Sept, but it was Labor Day week..We had to wait about an hour for our room to be ready at 3:30. I was a little disappointed at first to find out our room was in the main building, but soon discovered we LOVED the location! Our room was the same as the others, but we did have a larger balcony with a soaking tub (and we were not preferred). Our floor was called the Penthouse floor, not sure why, but helped make us feel special at the very least. The resort is gorgeous. Very tropical with a ton of palm trees. Normally we like the modern dcor, but this had its own character and worked for us. We liked that it wasnt huge and spread out. Big enough and small enough. Room  like I said, we were on the 4th floor main building. What a view! We could oversee the whole resort and had a nice view of the ocean. It was very convenient to be in the mail building as that was where most of the restaurants were as well as lobby bars. No noise problems. I have only one minor complaint about the room  only one hook to hang your towels, robes, wet suits.I know its petty, but I hated hanging everything about the room, make it look messy and unkept. I normally love the shampoo supplied at Secret's resorts (still do), but this time I really needed conditioner which I forgot to pack. I asked the concierge if they had any (they did at the spa), but was told I would have to buy some at the gift shop. My bad. Being in the main building, we also were able to hook up with wifi in our room. Again, we were not Preferred so were not supposed to get it free, but we were lucky. It would out well as my hubby (dang it) had to put in quite a few hours of work on his laptop. One downfall of owning a small business. If you were there that week and saw someone around the pool on a laptop all the time - yep, that was him. Guests and even the workers would scold him. When his battery would go dead, I cheared, and he would join me in the pool. (Oh, no wifi at the pool for us, just in our room). Food was good to great. We enjoyed the Himatchi twice, once off the menu, once at the hibachi tables. Italian was my least favorite, Mexican next, but the Seaside was great. Im not a steak eater, but really enjoyed my steak, to my surprise. Also, Seaside was our place for lunch. The grilled shrimp were quite yummy! Food was available around the pool during the day as well, just ask a server for a menu. Barefoot grill started around 12:30 and had burger, fish, chicken sandwiches, fries, etc. On top of this, staff would walk around the pool with platters of small finger food all afternoon! This is the life. We enjoyed the buffet at World Cafe twice for lunch and were quite impressed. Breakfast on our last morning (forced to get up early that day) and it was OK - we just aren't breakfast people. There was simply too much food and choices for a one week stay. Drinks were decent, but not the best Ive had. I like a good mojito, and just couldnt seem to get it. The Mango Tango was yummy, as others mentioned. The house wine didnt sit well with me. After the 3rd night, I just couldnt drink it at all. Im not even a wine connoisseur. Maybe that is my problem. Some felt pressured each dinner to upgrade and buy a bottle of wine. It was always suggested and some choices were recommended, but we cant say we actually felt pressured to buy. In fact, we appreciated the waiter's time to offer us another option. We used room service on one night and it was great! We ordered just about a little of everything on that menu. It showed up quckly and was HOT. I guess that is another benefit of being in the main building. We spent all our time at the main pool and swim up bar. Earlier in the week the pool temp was perfect, cool and refreshing  just right. Towards the end of the week it was quite warm and cloudy. Not sure what their cleaning schedule was, but it was in need of it towards the end of our week. Never made it to the beach except to take a picture or two. It looked like a nice beach. Now, would I say its one of the top ten in the world? No, but it was nice. We travel a lot, weve seen just as nice. Service was great, just as I have come to expect from a Secrets resort. Its my pleasure was heard constantly all day and night long. We never asked for anything out of the typical, but Im sure if you did (reasonably) they would try to accommodate. Normally we stay either in Cancun or in town in Playa del Carmen, so we are used to leaving the resort each night and exploring. This stay we pretty much lived on the resort, something new for us. We aren't "show" people, so didnt' partake in the nightly entertainment. We actually retired back to our room early each night to relax and even catch a movie or two. While we were there, they were doing some filming, I assume for their brochures. We recd a note under our door the first time telling us the pool would be closed until 9am the next day. Not an issue  we sleep until noon. Next night another note, and the pool would be closed until 11am this time. We headed over to Seaside for a relaxing lunch about 11:30 and it was after 1pm before the pool became available again. Clearly guests were upset. We took it in stride, but it was an inconvenience. I overhead a lot of others mentioning how theyve contacted management and their travel agents. Not sure what they got out of it, or what the resort could really do about it. That night, friends we had met on the resort had reservations at Himatchi. They showed up to be told that the restaurant was closed due to filming. This DID upset us. The restaurant is only open at night anyways, get the filming done during the day! Besides that, our friends were not notified and were just turned away. All in all, Secrets Maroma is a great resort, one which I will recommend to anyone. Everything was pretty much top notch and cant really say anything too bad about anything. Ok, there is that hook thingKeep in mind, we travel a lot, and it becomes a bit hard not to compare and get a wee bit picky.