My boyfriend and I had planned this getaway for quite some time, and our expectations of this resort were quite high. I had become a tripadvisor.com stalker, checking daily for new reviews and pics! Needless to say, upon arrival, we were not disappointed. Check in was a breeze, and the rooms were sufficient in size and comfortable. We booked a Preferred Club suite and enjoyed the magnificent view from our 4th floor balcony in Building 26. Our concierge, Carlos, was amazing and always eager to help in any way possible. This was true for all the staff we encountered. Everyone was willing to go the extra mile to make sure your vacation was everything you hoped it would be! Unfortunately, we weren't able to utilize all the food options available to us and ate most of our meals through room service, which was quite good. The "Secrets Box" the room service staff uses is also a nice touch. We enjoyed the breakfast and lunch buffet at World Cafe, loved dining at the hibachi table at Humitsu, and were blown away by the quality of food at Portofino, the Italian restaurant. The poolside lunch service was awesome and the staff was always there to refill your drink or bring you a bottle of water. It was the closest thing to heaven I can imagine! A couple of days into our trip we were forced to contact the on site doctor due to some stomach pains I was experiencing. He suggested we head to the hospital as appendicitis was a possible cause. He was dead on with his assessment, as once I was examined at the hospital it was determined my appendix had actually ruptured. I was rushed into surgery and remained in the hospital for a couple of days. Upon learning of our unfortunate situation, all of the staff we encountered at Secrets were more than willing to help in any way possible. They provided transportation for my boyfriend to/from the hospital and even packed a bag with sandwiches and drinks to bring along. They called daily to check on my recovery. They made us several offers to stay additional nights, which were much appreciated (Thanks, Fernando!). By the time I returned, it seemed almost as if half the staff knew of us and our situation and expressed their concerns for us. It was almost as if they had become our family away from home! We were told this was the first time this had happened at their resort, and they handled it perfectly. Despite these events, we had an amazing time and will definately be returning. Thanks again to all the staff at Secrets for making our stay so enjoyable, even in the worst possible circumstances! Don't hesitate for a second....book this resort now!