My wife and I went as a group of 7, including our Son and his fiance. We arrived around noon, and received the great greeting you've all read about and had no problems whatever getting checked into our 4 swimout suites in building 14. Having your own pool was really nice...About 8-9 suites share pool, but not all are using pool at the same time. We had some great neighbor gals from Ohio Verizon cell company. We all brought our own "floaties".... We also met a total of 6 Luis' during our stay and started naming them Luis #Uno, Dos, etc. I was told by "Luis Quatro" there is a total of 23 of them there.. :>) They all had fun with us calling them by numbers. "Luis Uno" was our checkin clerk, "Dos" was our Conciege for Bld. 14 and took excellent care of us.. "Thres" was the head bartender at the beach bar. With him, we discovered "Mango Tango's." Mango, Passion Fruit, and lots of good Rum. LOTS.. We also had them with Don Julio Tequila. Oh boy..... Always ASK for the good stuff.. "Benito Banana" became our personal "swimout delivery" guy.. Wednesday night the 15th our Son and now daughter-in-law got married on the Beach @ sunset. All went perfect. We were all dressed up, She had the full wedding dress. And no one had shoes on. :>) After the ceremony, we went to the big Mexican Independence Day Buffet dinner and show.. Probably was 200-300 people or so. There were 4 weddings that day, so needless to say, a great time was had by all. "Luis Quatro" is the greatest waiter/bar guy in the world. We had him laughing at and with us all evening. He informed daughter in law's Dad there was no more Don Julio. Almost started a panic situation.. :>) So we had to switch to Patron. Darn.... I think Mexico is still trying to catch up on tequila production... We had a private tour guide/big van for a trip to Tulum and Xel-Ha.. (same company/driver that picked us up at airport.) Had a great time, and learned a lot about the Mayan Culture at Tulum. We then went to Xel-Ha. Snorkled, ate and drank the rest of the day. Great fun.. We highly recommend both places. My wife and I went to Playa del Carmen while the rest of our group went back to Xel-Ha again. Didn't care for the high-pressure sales guys following/bothering us,. If you go to Playa, before you let these guys talk you into buying something, do yourself a favor and first walk south on 5th Ave. to around 28th Street or so.. On the left side of Street is a big store (can't remember the name.) that sells most the same things the little shops have, only way cheaper.. My wife bought pure Vanilla and the beans, and some "dust collector' things there for a good price.. My wife and I had a great time at the Spa. I'm not a Spa type of guy, but she booked us a "Moon and Stars" massage. It was great. We did the hydro-therapy part first, then ,Alma and Lucy took great care of us. Very relaxing........ Tipping the locals: I know the ads say tipping is not necessary, but being from Las Vegas, we know people in the resort industry depend on a lot of their income from tips. We took about $150 in singles just for tips per someone's review advice. We never saw anyone @ Secrets act like they expected a tip. We spread the $$ around while being spoiled by the Secrets maids, waiters, bartenders, tour guide, cab driver, etc. The Mayan people were great hosts. We're ready to go back......... Have fun....