We stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach the last week of July and the first week of August (9 days total) for our 20th anniversary. This was by far the best vacation we have ever taken. We prefer tropical locations and have visited Couples Resort in Jamaica, the Ritz Carlton on Maui, the Four Seasons on Maui, and the Four Seasons on Lanai so we have experienced 5 and 6 star service - this resort tops them all as far as service, location, and value for the money. Getting There We had a nonstop flight from LAX which was only 4.5 hours so that was great. However, if you're flying out of LAX and plan to stay at one of the hotels for a Fly & Park special, whatever you do, don't stay at the Hacienda hotel - it was HORRIBLE. Stay at one of the bigger name brand chains like Embassy or Sheraton - it will be worth the extra money. Also, it is worth it to pay the extra money for a private transfer from the airport in Cancun to the hotel - it is about a 30 minute ride and when you get a private transfer you don't have to wait for the driver to drop off other passengers at other hotels along the way. Room We stayed in Building 23, top floor, (Room 2345) and it was perfect. I highly recommend a top floor room because you'll have the best view. This was a Jr Suite Ocean View and our view was fabulous (see pictures). We had a "Happy Anniversary" banner across our door which was a nice touch. We never had trouble with the air conditioning as some reviewers previously have mentioned, in fact there were times when we turned it off because the room got too cold. The air does shut-off as soon as you open the sliders to the balcony, so just be aware of that. We also never had trouble with hot water in the bathroom. As far as the layout and privacy with the bath tub as the divider that was not an issue for us - it still felt private - and keep in mind the glass doors to the toilet and shower are frosted glass. The bed was semi-comfortable (not the worst we've slept on but not the best - could have been softer). I never had any trouble accessing free wireless internet in the room on my laptop. The secret box for room service is fantastic - more hotels should copy this idea. Make sure you order the coconut ice cream from room service, it is a great afternoon treat on your balcony. The balcony seat was very comfortable, I actually took a nap out there one afternoon. And unlike other viewers who said their bathing suits never dried because of the humidity, ours were always dry when we left them out in the sun on the balcony, but it doesn't hurt to at least have two suits with you. I also wouldn't recommend paying the extra money for the swimout rooms because they are not very private. Everyone walking by can basically see into your pool area, even though they have fences around them, which to me would defeat the purpose. Resort The resort is absolutely beautiful, the landscaping is very well maintained and everything is easy to get to (restaurants, theater, pools, beach). I do highly recommend bringing mosquito repellant (we used the Avon Skin So Soft brand) - you will definitely need it at night. We were fine as long as we remembered to use the spray. Also, bring plenty of sunscreen and other personal items that you would normally pickup at a pharmacy back home (anything you wouldn't want to be without) - don't plan on buying them at the gift shop unless you want to spend a small fortune. The prices on souvenir items are very reasonable, but they double the price for all the "necessary" items like sunscreen, bug spray, lip balm, pharmacy type items etc. To give you an idea, we ran out of sunscreen and bought 2 regular size bottles - we gave them a $50 travelers check and got $9 back in change! Also, if you're lucky enough to find and feed the Cotamundi monkeys out on the pathway behind buildings 22-25 it is an experience you want to miss - they are very friendly and very gentle. We found them our first two days, but then after that they were never there (see pictures). Tipping Even though they say tips are included, we did bring $150 singles and tipped everyone which you could tell was most appeciated. Everyone there worked incredibly hard and provided excellent, friendly service. Beach This beach is unbelievably beautiful. The water is crystal clear and at this time of year it was like a warm bathtub which we loved. Not once did we have any trouble finding seats under a palapa no matter what time of day we came to the beach (we never got their earlier than 11am). If you enjoy interacting with wildlife, then you've got to feed the fish! They love bread! This became one of our favorite daily events (see pictures). And you have waiters constantly coming by to bring you drinks and food. You never have to leave your chair if you don't want to (except maybe for potty breaks). They also have waiters coming by with a variety of samples of appetizers.That is the life! We enjoyed the pools, but we spent most of our time on the beach because it was so beautiful and because the breeze was more refreshing there than by the pools. Pools The pools are beautiful as well and nicely maintained (very clean but without a strong chlorine smell). The lounge chairs are very comfortable, and just like the beach, we never had any trouble finding chairs under an umbrella no matter what time of day it was. And again, you have waiters coming by on a regular basis asking if you'd like drinks and taking your food orders. And like the beach they also have waiters coming by with appetizers. The main pool (with the swim up bar and volleyball) was definitely the louder area and so we preferred to use the infinity pool which was quieter and more relaxing - it just depends on what you're into. The small outdoor grill had a great nauchos (make your own), and fruit that the iguanas enjoyed (don't worry they're harmless). Restaurants The only restaurant we didn't get to try was the Mexican restaurant because the night we stopped by they were closed for a private party. All the other restaurants were very good, but by far our favorite was the French Restaurant - and our waiter there (Pedro) was outstanding - ask to be seated in Pedro's section. We really wanted escargot which wasn't on the menu and he said the chef would be happy to prepare it especially for us and it was amazing. We enjoyed it so much we went back on our last night. The Japanese restaurant is also very good and surprisingly, our chef at the grill (Pablo) was more skilled and more entertaining then any Japanese chef we have ever had back in the states at places like Benihanas. We also paid extra to have a dinner on the beach for our anniversary and it was well worth it, I highly recommend it, just use your bug spray first. It was very romantic - be sure to book a time before sunset so you can enjoy the view as it gets dark which is beautiful. The drinks are definitely weak, but you can always ask them to make it stronger and they will. The Miami Vice is good and so is the Dirty Monkey - give those a try! Spa The spa is absolutely beautiful, but like many resorts horribly over-priced. The facial I had was good, but certainly not worth the price I paid. But it is a beautiful facility and the pool there is ice cold which did feel good after a week in the hot sun. Theater The only show we saw while we were there was the American Idol show and it was actually very good and very funny! We definitely recommend seeing it. We didn't see any other shows because usually we were beat after spending all day in the sun. Overall, this resort was our favorite of any we have stayed at and we would definitely go back. We recommend it to everyone!