If you are looking for an all-inclusive resort catering to adults this is the place for you. The resort is newer and well maintained. The staff are professional, accomodating, and happy to please. They are low-key in just the right ways. The ocean is the turquoise blue that you see in travel photos and as calm and warm as bathwater. Angel fish, needlefish, and a few other varieties will swim up to you near the shore. The water is crystal clear. This was an excellent area for sailing the Hobie Cats and Ocean Kayaking, both of which are offered for free by the resort. Each day there are the resort's drinks of the days, one with alcohol and one without. There is a swim up bar in the pool area, a main bar between the pool and beach, and a lobby bar. Drink service is provided on the beach. You can indulge in their specialty cocktails or have them make your favorite. All of it is free except for the upgraded wines available at the restaurants. The house wines are very nice and provided at no extra charge. The food is wonderful. The breakfast buffet offers something for everyone. Special stations are set up for custom omelettes and crepes. A lunch buffet is served daily along with offerings from the beach side grill or sandwiches from the coffee shop.Dinner is served in the resort's restaurants. No reservations are needed except in the Japanese theatre style restaurant.We ate in the French Restaurant twice, the Mexican Restaurant twice, the Italian Restaurant once, and The Seafood Restaurant once. The food is as good as what you would be served in an high class restaurant. The Service is wonderful as well. If you are still hunger after all of this you can order from the extensive room service menu 24 hours a day. The resort offered plenty of activities which you could find listed in the daily resort news. Everyone was welcome to join but the entertainment staff didn't hound you to participate. Our trip was my present to my husband for his birthday. The staff made sure to plan some surprises for his birthday and it was really lovely. The spa offers every kind of treatment you can think of. We had the couple's massage and it was professional and relaxing. The staff were well trained. This was the best and most relaxing vacation I've ever had.