I want to go back now. We loved it so much that we attempted to add on three extra days to our trip, but had some issues with our airfare and couldn't do it. We booked through cheapcaribbean.com, which I would recommend as well! The trip from the airport wasn't bad at all. We paid for a partial ocean view room, but like many other reviews I have read, the room had absolutely no ocean view. I called and asked the concierge about this and they moved us the next day to a great room that had a very nice view. The rooms are beautiful. The bathroom is a little weird as there isn't a whole lot of privacy, but it didn't bother us. The service is outstanding. Everyone is always smiling and wanting to help. That was probably our favorite thing about SMB. The food is fantastic. The breakfast buffet has tons to choose from, and the room service was wonderful both days we ordered it. We loved the Seaside Grill, Portofino, and Himitsu. We weren't that fond of Bordeaux, but it could have just been what we ordered. The atmosphere was great though. They bring around shrimp and chicken tacos, grouper, pizza... pretty much whatever you want to the pool. You can even order in the pool and they will bring it to you. The spa was phenomenal. With the coupons we got when we booked our trip, the pricing was pretty much what you would pay back home for a massage. The spa was beautiful... I don't know that I would spend the money on it again, but it was definitely worth it the first time. The beach is something else. It is just amazing. Little fishies come swim right up to you in the ocean and it is so clear! The sand is like sugar and there is hardly any seaweed on the beach. I would recommend bringing bug spray, aloe, and a LOT of sunscreen. We ran out of sunscreen and had to pay $22 at the lobby for more, and paid $12 for aloe. The sun is brutal and you don't realize it when you are drinking and having fun, so just be careful!!! Also, I would recommend wearing flip flops around the pool area and outside bar. I stepped on some glass by the pool. It wasn't bad, but just thought I would mention that. I am happy to answer any questions, so contact me if you have one! We plan to go back next year, if not sooner!