relax and let go !!!!! is all you need to do to have an amazing experience at Secrets Maroma. We arrived early in the morning and head straight to the world Cafe to have breakfast .. we were warmly greeted by the hostess who showed us our table ... coffee, lot's of fruit, cereal , hot mexican breakfast style .. different types of bread ... juices ... ohhh may... too bad i wasn't that hungry to try it all!!! Then off to the beach .... as soon as we arrived Lidia whas there to greet us .. she told us the special drink of the day ... and off we went ... snorkeling, kayaking .. we walked the beach until we got tired ... what a beautiful beach .. neves see clearer water than the beach at Maroma .. and I've been to Tahiti, Hawaii, and Fiji. After all that physical activity we just chilled by the beach ... Lidia was great.. she was always bringing us drinks .. water .. and iced tea ... after that they set up a BBQ right at the beach .... so no need for us to leave or get change ... we ate at the spot ... then siesta time!!!! I have never slept such a long siesta .. i was out for 3 hours ... as soon as i woke up Lidia was there with fresh water. She's the best!!! After that we got change and head up to Coco Cafe ... i was so glad that the hotel had a place for coffee lovers like myself ... it was hard to make a choice .. but the moka .. with a mini chocolate muffin was so good! ... then we went to the Himitsu restaurant ... we only had to wait 30 mins . the went by really quick ... we were down playing domino when out bipper started to call us. Mario!!! the best waiter ever ... he could see we wanted to try it all so he offered us a selection of the best of the menu ... sooo good ... two tiny pieces of everything .. and we could repite which ever we liked more .. then he brough us a selection of sushi ... heaven!!!! and dessert -- green tea sponge ... OMG!!!! Mario was the man!!!! It was the perfect day!!! ... I'm planning my return .. this time im bringing my family and some friends BTW ... chief concierge Ivan .. was such a nice guy to talk to ... you can tell he's the man!! cheers!!!