I'll start the review by saying my standard was set pretty high. Last year we went to Excellence Playa Mujeres and we were over the top pleased there, but if you were to ask me which resort I plan to visit next year it would be SMB. I am writing this review for anyone having doubts with choosing between these two resorts. BEACH: SMB: Hands down, the best beach I have ever, ever been to ( Been to many beaches in Mexico, US and Caribbean ) . Turquoise blue waters, perfect temperature, sand that is so velvety and soft and never hot on your feet, fish that swim up to you... GORGEOUS! EPM: Nice, but doesn't have the same colors that Maroma has and also there where jellyfish and stingray warnings which made me a little nervous about swimming there freely. POOLS: EPM: The winner here is EPM. They have SO MANY POOLS and there is always a spot where you can claim some privacy with your loved one. SMB: I hated the pools there. I stepped into them zero times. There are only 2, and you are literally crammed next to the other person to the sides and in front of you because the pools are so small and narrow. That is where the "party" scene ocurred and they were always blasting music there including the lovely song of "lady hump" . It is kinda funny, but not my cup of tea. I just want a romantic, peaceful time with my hubby. That is why we opted for a swim-out room. worth every penny! Plus, I heard they close the pools at 6pm but you are free to use your swim-out any time! Worth the upgrade for us. FOOD: SMB: WINS! I am not going to say that it was the best food I ever ate, but for and all inclusive resort, I was pleasantly surprised. some places better than others, but all in all, not bad. EPM: average. ENVIRONMENT: SMB: They catered to a younger, louder crowd I think... I am only 27 years old, and I felt like it lacked that couples romance feel... it was to party-ish for me... I literally spent the entire day at the beach where others , like us, would just go and enjoy the amazing beach with peace and quiet. EPM: Romance all the way! ROOMS: EPM: Wins again. The room here is so big and beautiful! the layout is awesome and the shower.... WOW! Nice, and cool too. SMB: I couldn't believe how terrible the pillows were... seriously, I am not picky! But these pillows were awful! They seemed to be filled with giant cottonballs LOL! The bed was nice and comfy though... the A/C... ugh. No matter what we "set" it to, it was always 72F. the ceiling fan was in the sitting area, so it got pretty toasty at night. STAFF: Both resorts have a staff with truly a pleasant staff. Warm, friendly and always greeted you with a friendly "hola". I would recommend tipping :) TIP! We did not book airport transfer before our trip. We hired a semi-private cab from airport to resort for $40. The resort however acommodates cab transfer to the airport for only $32! Just let your concierge know when you are ready. In conclusion. if the beach is high on your list you must absolutely try this place. If you are more of a pool (quiet pool) person then EPM is the way to go! Again, I am trying to be objective, but I am already looking into going in the Fall of 2011. Please feel free to ask as many questions!