Wow, there is really so much that can be said about Secrets Maroma! My husband and I went there for 10 nights on our honeymoon and it was truly a trip to remember. We loved every minute of it. The look and feel of this resort is very elegant and yet super comfortable and homey which is a hard combo to come by. I'll try and give some concise comments/tips so i don't end up writing a novel! The Beach: Absolutely stunning! Best beach we've ever been to. The water is a turquoise blue, stunning, has to be seen in person. Beautiful warm water of course and white sand that never gets hot! I will always remember this beach and i'm sure it will be hard to top! Room Service: The best ever!!! Available 24 hrs a day and is soooooo good!! Just as good as food in restaurants, amazing. We made quite a bit of use out of it and the Secrets Box is the best invention out there! Loved everything about room service and except for one time, food arrives within a very reasonable time frame (30 min approx. maybe 45 if during busy hours but usually 30 min max.) The Food: The food is really good no matter where you eat. Of course each person has preferable dishes from each restaurant, our favourite restaurants where Himitsu (we ate there 3 times and like everyone else says, definitely do the grill experience but don't forget to go back for the regular menu too, soooo good, and you can request that same amazing icecream dessert from the grill experience when you go for the regular menu!) French restaurant and Oceana were really good and Seaside was often where we ended up for lunch. World Cafe has the best breakfast buffet ever!!! Oh how we miss it! They also had great selection for lunch! Anyway, the food by far exceedede our expectation as did the service in any of the restaurants we ate it. They truly work hard there and definitely deserve the tips! Swim-out Honeymoon Suite: We originally had a regular swim-out room which was amazing in itself but b/c we wanted to be close to the beach and it was our honeymoonm and a little splurging wouldn't hurt we looked into upgrading upon check-in. The manager at the prefered lounge (which was awesome!!! So many perks being a prefered club guest! Definitely consider it) gave us an amazing rate for the upgrade and we got totally spoiled in that luxurious room!! It was a large sized suite, with 2 washrooms! (One was a powder room near the entrance and the other was part of the ensuite) This came in really handy b/c my husband and i never had to wait for the other to vacate the washroom to go, awesome perk! Also, the jacuzzi is even BIGGER than the already largee double jacuzzi in the regular rooms, the double shower was massive with each one of us having the luxury of 2 shower heads, one fixed and one that could be removed, wow. The double sink vanity was beautiful and VERY spacious! The bed was incredibly comfortable, i'm very picky with matresses and firmness, etc. and we slept like babies every night! The suite had a living room area with another tv, a dining area and a bar area, was really amazing! The staff: Truly dedicated to their work and really enjoy what they do. They don't even wait for a tip, many times my husband and I had to ask them to wait a second b/c they wouldn't even give that akward pause that sometimes happens on all-incusives where they wait for the tip, and were ready to be on their way. So we really didn't mind tipping and we truly believed they deserved it! TIPS: 1. If you have a swim-out, bring an inflatable floatie from home as it makes the lounging in your own private pool more enjoyable, that's what we did and we loved it! A good tip i read in another trip advisor review :) 2. Obviously don't go for the first price anyone suggests to sell stuff to you, you can really haggle the price down, sometimes to less than half of original asking price. 3. Ask for Antonio at the Seaside Grill, he is awesome, very kind, great service and has a love for his job. 4.Definitely consider the Adventure Photos experience (located up by the lobby and shop area), the photo session is free, no obligations to buy and the photographers are VERY skilled!! Ask for Luis, he was our photographer and made it an incredible experience for us and now we have stunning pics to remember our memorable occasion there :) 5.Grab a cookie from the lobby, delicious! 6. Go for a visit to Playa DelCarmen but go for the afternoon and evening, that way you have time to check out the shops, much more variety of souveniers etc. there and time to catch a few bites to eat in the nice restaurants there! 7. If your pkg doesn't include dinner on the beach, look into it, food was spectacular and was a beautiful experience. 8. DEFINITELY get a massage at the SPA! The spa itself is gorgeous and serene but the quality of the massage is also amazing, worth it, check out special deals on the daily Sundial (info sheet) that is delivered to your room everyday. Well, i'm sure there's much more that can be said, but definitely don't hesitate to book this resort, it was an absolute pleasure to be there and 10 nights was still too short!! We seriously feel we could have been there for a month and would have been just fine! NONE of that ' it was nice but i was ready to go home by the end' kind of feeling, my husband and i were practically teary-eyed having to leave :( We definitely hope to go back and really believe that nothing may ever top this experience!.We miss you Maroma!