My husband and I returned a week ago from our third visit to SMB. Everything about this place just keeps getting better. We were welcomed graciously as we have come to expect. When they said "Welcome home" we really felt that we were at home again. We arrived at 2:00, got into our room, got a bite to eat at the Seaside Grill, and were in the pool by 4:15!!! The grounds have completely filled in with lush, tropical foliage that is beautifully maintained. We were in room 2432. It was lovely and still looked brand new. Absolutely no maintenance problems. Air conditioning was great. Housekeeping service was excellent. One day the housekeeper accidentally took the bottom of one of my bathing suits out with the towels. Our Concierge, Alex, was able to have it located in the laundry and it was returned to me the next day. Wonderful service!! The restaurants were even better than I remembered. We went to all the restaurants except for the Mexican one. We did end up eating at Portifino twice because we enjoyed it so much. My husband really enjoyed the desserts. We had great service from Cesar on both occasions. You should really get to as many of the restaurants as possible. You can always find something to your liking. The only problem is to keep your appetite up after days of laying around eating and drinking!! The Barefoot Grill has a wonderful selection of food available all afternoon. They have the best hamburgers. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the World Cafe breakfast buffet. It is fantastic!! You can find just about anything you crave for breakfast. It has to be experienced to be believed. We thank Eduardo for his excellent service. We spent some days on the beach and some days at the infinity pool. The service staff at the pool and the beach are incredible. You never go without. The drinks are served well and served often!! There were a lot of familier faces - Anna at the beach, Aricela at the pool have both been there since the first time we were there in 2008, and are both still going strong. Would also like to mention the great service by Benito, Banuela and Angelita. They are all so friendly, helpful, and hardworking. Last year at the Rendezvous Bar in the main lobby we met a sweet little waitress named Lorena who, at that time was just starting to work on learning English. She is a delightful young woman who is doing great with her English classes and throws out a new word of the day and asks questions about the various meanings. English is pretty tough. You realize it when you look at the various meanings of a lot of words (like "leave"). Please give credit to these employees who are trying so hard to learn the language so they can better serve the guests. They are truly amazing!!! I have to give a shout out to Paulo, the pool concierge, who we have come to know as a friend. He is a hardworking, well educated, intelligent young man who is a wonderful asset to SMB!!! If you want an umbrella moved, need to find a spot at the pool, or want to know something about the history of Mexico, Paulo is your man. This is really a beautiful place, but its most valuable asset are the employees. They truly make your stay a 5 star experience. They work so hard to make sure that you are pleased with your vacation. Please tip them as generously as you can. They really deserve it. We met some really nice people during our stay. Would like to say Hi to Julia and Fran from Boston, and Diana and Gabriel from Switzerland - so enjoyed your company and conversation!! All in all another wonderful week at SMB. Can't wait for our next visit!!!