I surprised my husband with an anniversary trip to this resort because we live very hectic lives and needed some serious R&R. We both work, have two little boys and rarely get that quality time together that is so necessary. This place exceeded all of my expectations! It was amazing. Within the first day of arriving, all of my stress melted off my body and I was relaxed for the next 5 days straight. The resort is IMMACULATE and the grounds are lush and gorgeous. When I showed off my pictures after returning, my friends said they looked like pictures from a brochure. It's that beautiful. The color of the ocean is indescribable, like a deep jade and turquoise green. It was simply breathtaking. It was a nice and quiet resort that was very romantic for couples. The staff was so friendly and accommodating; no matter where you went everyone said hello and asked if they could get you anything. Laying out at the pool and beach was amazing because the wait staff would bring food and drinks all day long. We tipped A LOT because the workers work SO hard and SO deserve it. Most people we saw tipped but not everyone. I think it should be a must! The food was good, not outstanding, but definitely fun to try and good enough to eat for all the meals. Breakfast was my favorite because the buffet is HUGE and has so many awesome options to try. My favorite were the homemade strawberry and chocolate crepes...YUM!!! Our most romantic and favorite dinner was at Oceana. It was a beautiful breezy night and the ambiance was candlelit and romantic. The steak was amazing there, believe it or not, and we were serenaded by a mariachi band. We also enjoyed Bordeaux, the French restaurant. The 24 hr room service is incredible...definitely utilize it. After a day off the resort snorkeling we came back starving and ordered a huge meal. They delivered it quickly and it was hot! It was fun to lounge around and eat in our robes! Oh and don't miss the fresh chips, guacamole, and pico by the pool...delicious. I expected this place to be nice based on all the amazing reviews but what I didn't expect was to feel the complete relaxation that this resort provided. I was teary-eyed on our last night because it was so wonderful and I didn't want it to end! It would be VERY difficult to be unhappy here: beautiful scenery, good food, romance everywhere, unbeatable service, clean rooms, fruity drinks...ahhhh..we miss it like crazy already.