My wife and I looking into trips for our honeymoon and our Travel Agent suggested Secrets Maroma and we are both glad that he did. The drive into the resort is a small one-way brick lane through some mangroves. This had me a little worried about what was up ahead, but I guess to make a grand entrance would cost millions. We were shuttled to the Front Desk and greeted with champagne and a hot towel. We were quickly whisked away to the Preferred Club and they had appetizers, drinks and our own personal check-in clerk. We walked across the resort to our Jr. Suite Swim up Ocean View room directly behind the Ocean Front building. We walked in and our room had a bucket of champagne waiting for us and some apples (Honeymoon Package). It was rainy that day and very humid, but we didn't mind as we were both very tired and we ordered room service that night and crashed at 9PM. The Secrets Box is amazing by the way. They knock a couple of times and if you do not answer, then they put the food and drinks into the box and then you can get it so you don't have to answer the door in your robe. We put all our plates and garbage and empty drinks in there and it was quickly taken away. We woke the next morning to a Champagne Breakfast in bed with fresh tropical fruit. We ordered 24 hour room service a few times and the meals were always hot and delicious. We dined at the World Cafe for breakfast and it was amazing. Every breakfast item you could think of and fresh tropical fruit. They even had a bottle of vodka and Clamato juice for your morning drinks! We ate dinner at Portofino and my wife and I had to leave. The food was amazing, but it was so dark in there that the waiter had to give us a little flashlight to see the menu. The Seaside Grill was great. Sushi was great and the steaks were amazing. You have to try the Ceviche. Oceana had some great seafood as well. We didn't try the French restaurant as we heard that it wasn't that great. The best dinner was possibly Himitsu. We had a private table (you must book this as soon as you get to Secrets) with 2 other couples. The show was amazing and the service was impeccable. Enough with the food now and onto the main show! The beach is absolutely incredible! Pure White sand. The beach is raked every once in awhile as well to clear it of seaweed and debris. The Ocean was a real treat. Blue and green mixed together to make it so beautiful. It was nice and warm and you could see little fish swimming around your legs as you entered. Beware of the waves as my wife lost one of her earrings when she got bowled over by a huge wave. I guess we caught the tail end of the hurricane that was nearby. We were greeted on the beach by some panhandlers who were selling sunglasses and hats, but they didn't come around too often and it was fun to haggle with them. Our servers on the beach were basically there everytime you finished your drinks and were ready to get you another one. One of our servers even went all the way back to the main bar to get us drinks as the beach bar was closing around 6PM. It was so hot and humid, I do not know how they do that all day and still have a smile on their face. You can order anything you want to eat and they bring it to you on the beach, or you can have some burgers or a seafood stirfry, cooked right at the beach. Towels were always plenty and the loungers were comfy. We took two tours, the first was a 68 foot Catamaran and snorkle adventure. It was very hot that day and there had to have been 60 people on the boat. Not very private and I don't think that we would do it again, but it was nice. Our second adventure was Tulum and Xel-Ha. Tulum is an Ancient Mayan ruin perched atop a cliff. We were there for two hours which was just enough time to see everything and the beach down below was amazing. Then we were off to Xel-Ha. It is a freshwater/saltwater snorkle-haven. We did some snorkling and went down the Lazy River in our own tube. It takes about an hour and you go through a "cave" of snarled mangrove branches. It was nice and relaxing. You can jump off cliffs, cross a rope bridge and have authentic Mexican cusine! You can also take a deep sea walk on the ocean floor or swim with the dolphins (for some extra $) The highlight of our trip was our swim-out. Everyone on the ground level had access to a pool that spanned across the building. When you heard some people using it, you just had to wait 10 minutes then you could have total privacy. We were in the pool and having some drinks and out of the blue a server comes walking towards us and asks if we want a drink. Unreal! The service was the best part of our whole trip. Our concierge, Jannick was amazing as well. We tipped him right off the bat and he had us in champagne and beers all day and night. He also set up a surprise for my wife on our last night with flowers and the bed was made with a special message. It was a truly unforgettable trip and we are planning our first anniversary there. I would recommend this place to anyone and if you are looking for an amazing beach, even better service and 5 star food, this is the resort for you. This resort is not out of control drinking and partying, so it would be perfect for couples who are 25+ on their honeymoons or for couples who want to get away and spend some alone time together. I cannot wait to go back!