This review will be VERY long but, my husband and I stayed here for 10 days on our Honeymoon and there is allot to highlight. I will break things into categories: THING NOT TO FORGET: 1. Lots of sunscreen- it is about $30/bottle so make sure you stock up! We lost ours 3 times and it cost us about $60. 2. A hat- We wanted to soak up as much sun as we could but, after about 4 days....the sun starts to get you! 3. CONDITIONER- for women- I read a review saying that you need not bring any shampoo or conditioner and I learned the hard way. The Hotel gives you body wash and lotion....which is in a big bottle and amazing, however, the shampoo and conditioner are an all-in-one. For people with long hair, or at least for me, an all-in one doesnt cut it when you are in the salty sandy water and wind. ROOM: You cannot imagine a more immaculate room. We stayed in the lowest level, Junior Suite Partial Ocean View and it was beautiful. Super clean every morning as if we had just checked in. The balcony was a good size with a sofa. I relaxed with a book out there a couple of times. The bed was so comfy and the TV channel selections were great. Every morning you receive a "sundial" to your room to outline the daily activities, which restaurants were opened and the drinks of the day. This was very helpful. Everything was 5 star in the room. They offer 24hr. room service and the food is not as good as the restaurants but, it is still WAY above average! My husband ordered room service almost every night and the great thing is that if you push your DO NOT DISTURB button, they will leave your meal in the SECRETS box! We also ordered cocktails and champagne this way! It was great! STAFF: I did not realize how important it is and what a good impression it makes to have a FANTASTIC STAFF. It seems like they truly LOVE what they do! I have to say that Barbara, Yuri, Hector and Marcello made our stay SO MUCH FUN and if it weren't for them, we probably wouldn't have participated in allot of the things that we did! The concierges are amazing too. They have a concierge to check you in at the front desk however, once you check in, you have a concierge in your building as well. This is very helpful. Our building was closest to the main building but, had it been far, we would have really taken advantage of our personal concierge. We had Jimena and Sebastian when we initially check in. They were huge helps as far as making arrangements and helping us understand which coupons to use. Also, the wait staff does not let you go without a drink in hand or food in hand near the pool and beach areas. Ariceli was our fave! THANKS TO ALL OF THE STAFF!!!!!!!!! ACTIVITIES: anything from Kayak tours which we did the first morning and loved, to beach volleyball, beach soccer, water volleyball, bungee trampoline, salsa lessons, guacamole making class, Spanish lessons, pool black jack, pool bingo and water aerobics. We did almost everything with the new friends we met. Once again the staff made them so fun! SHOWS: UM.....amazing....I never thought we would even watch the shows and toward the end of our stay we were upset if we missed one. Phenomenal talent at this place. One night they had an American Idol competition. I ended up winning and I was awarded a 4 day 3 night stay!!!!! So excited because we are coming back 100%. There was another night where they did a fire show, newlywed game, The rock show was awesome....They had a guy performing Cirqe Du Soliel type acrobatics and the band was awesome. POOL: Heaven. 2 pools wrap around the grounds. One is more of an activity pool with a pool bar which is nice however, the staff is so great, you almost don't need it. Nice to get some shade and rest for a while. The 2nd pool is right behind the 1st though it's much quieter. It's an infinity pool to the beach. One of the most beautiful views I've ever seen! There is another bar around the pools, a grill that is opened from about 11-4 (AMAZING). The grill serves Fresh Fish on the grill, Hamburgers, hotdogs, chips and salsa, fries, desserts and fruit. If you have clothes and shoes...there are 2 other poolside restaurants OCEANA and SEASIDE GRILL. Here you can get Sushi, Fish, shrimp, steak.......It was great. *NOTE* you can also order off the restaurant menus from the wait staff and they will bring most items to you poolside. BEACH: THE BEACH IS UNBELIEVABLE. It is rated the 9th most romantic beach in the world. That it is. They groom the beach every day. There are no rocks in the water just beautiful sand! The water is crystal clear and you can Kayak to the 2nd largest reef in the world! We rented Jet skiis at the hut from the hotel to the left of Secrets. It was a little pricey but, worth it! We had a blast! There is SOOOOO much sand. Lots of other resorts have chairs almost all the way up to the water.....NOT SECRETS! There is a huge stretch of white sandy beach! Also, they make HUGE paella on the beach almost every day full of fresh seafood. Make sure to check it out. FOOD: MY FAVORITE PART!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! From the grill to the lobster....amazing! The best I have ever had at an all-inclusive. HIMITSU- This is the pan Asian grill. The hibachi is great! So is the sushi! Our favorite was the SAKI ROLL. We ate like 10 of them. The rolls only come with 4 pieces so order as much as you want. BORDEAUX- This is the French restaurant. I had an AMAZING filet here. It was very rich and delicious. We were told it was better than the steak house steak. Also, if you buy a bottle of wine and the "wine cellar" is open you might get to have dinner inside it. Very romantic. EL Patio- The Mexican restaurant was good but, we didn't really eat Mexican here. We had the surf and turf special.....Baby Lobster and steak...delicious. Remember, you can order as much as you want! Portofino- the Italian was very good. We had dinner with about 8 people when we came here. It was very good. You can make your own pasta and the entres are delicious. CAUTION the Aribiata sauce is MUCH hotter than you think! :) Oceana- we had a wonderful dinner full of lobster and steak yet again! Perfection! DINNER ON THE BEACH: AMAZING.....I know I sound redundant but, we got the Gold meal which was Lobster and steak again...can never have too much of a good thing. I am so glad we did this. We had a personal waiter and it was very romantic. We were VERY close to the water and listening to the tide roll in and roll out was so peacefully and calming. COCO caf- This is the coffee bar located behind the lobby bar. They have great sandwiches and desserts and coffee. If you just want a light lunch, check it out. *I would like to note that I gained 4 lbs. in 10 days.......THE FOOD IS VERY GOOD* Do not miss the spa- It is beautiful and soooooooo relaxing! My husband and I had a couple massage and we could have done it 4 more times. You get to use their pools and vapour room and sauna for 2 days if you book a treatment. It's a wonderful retreat. PLAYA DEL CARMEN: do not miss playa! It is great. I love the village feel of it. If you go, do not miss, Ulla Gula for a drink, El Diablito Cha Cha Cha for THE BEST APPYS....Dynamite Shrimp....steak skewers and Killer Rice!!!!! Also, Mosquito blue is a great place for a drink. JUST WALK AROUND AND TAKE IN THE MEXICAN SHOPS and Nightlife! If you can stay up late enough go to CO CO BONGO! You will not regret it. ADVENTURE PHOTO: Do not miss out on this opportunity, especially if this is your honeymoon or any other special occasion. Their pics were beautiful, pricey...but, well worth it for us! SUMMARY: This was the best vacation I have been on. If you book this place you will not regret it. It's paradise!