The reason for our trip was to enjoy the wedding of a great friend. My husband and I decided why not make it into a small vacation for us as well. We had to re-arrange our trip twice so we ended up staying at multiple resorts. First Stop - Secrets of Maroma Beach all I can say is AMAZING. I have never seen a beach so beautiful. The food and service was excellent! It was very romantic and geared toward couples. The bed I don't know what kind it was but it was the best 'hotel' bed I have ever slept on. We had the romantic dinner on the beach which was incredible. Yes there were critters and animals around because the resort is in the middle of a nature area. We must have seen 100 iguanas and lizards. Very cool! You can get service on the beach easily which was nice and didn't have to wear silly wrist bands for the all inclusive. It felt very secluded and romantic. There was nothing to complain about other than not having enough time to stay. Second Stop -- The Royal Playa Del Carmen for the wedding. The resort itself is huge. It was nice don't get me wrong but after staying at the Secrets it had a lot to live up to. We get there and the check in was chaotic to say the least. Then they pressure you with a sales speach for half an hour to upgrade your room. I just wanted to check in. So we finally caved and actually upgraded to the presidential suite thinking why not lets splurge and please get to the room so we can relax. The room itself and amenities were obviously wonderful. The sad thing is the beach was terrible. They have Cabanas everywhere it is so crowded. You could hardly walk the beach and there was a terrible smell. There were so many people it was crazy. If you didn't get to the pool to reserve a lounge by 10 am forget having one for the day. The food wasn't even close to as good as Secrets but it wasn't terrible. You had to wear a wrist band the entire time which drove me crazy. There was some neat shopping really close which was a plus and the spa was great. Unfortunately there was just no comparison to Secrets unless you are looking more for a party. Third Stop - Ritz Carlton Cancun. This was the only place that we did not have an all inclusive and from the second we walked in we felt like we were paying for every tiny thing. And NOT Mexico prices. Not to mention just telling someone where you were staying it was more expensive. Cab rides went from 10 to 20 instantly. Don't get me wrong it is a beautiful hotel, the pool and beach were beautiful and it was a short cab ride to shopping and dining. Again it just didn't match up to what Secrets had for us. To make a long story short. If you want to party go to the Royal and fight with thousands of people for the pool because the beach was terrible. If you want a romantic, clean beach resort Secrets is the place. When we go back to Cancun/Playa we won't stay anywhere else but Secrets of Maroma Beach.