From start to finish this resort knows how to deliver. The stay began with a cool towel and galss of champagne, and continued for seven wonderful days. The check in process was very smooth, and a nice gentlemen gave us a quick resort tour on the way to our room. As soon as we got to our room, the concierge called and asked if he could come up to welcome us. He came to the room and showed us all the switches, and operation of things in the room. This was a nice touch. Likes: The food is great everywhere. I did not eat one thing that I would not want again. If there is something you want to eat, they will fix it no problem. The beach is gorgeous, and the beach service and beach bar are a must. The rooms are very nice, we had an ocean view on the third floor, and the way the doors either open fully for a great view straight from the bed, or close fully and let no light in for those late mornings are great. The service is perfect, everyone is willing to go the extra mile. It was nice to have a concierge for every building, and ours was always available and accomadating. He even suprised my boyfriend with ballons, banner and cake in the room for his birthday. The pools are great, but the beach is so special we stayed down there mostly. Always things going on if you wanna join, or a very relaxing environment if that what you want. Walking on the beach to the right of the resort is like having your own beach, and at night the resort feels like its your own, so peaceful walking on the beach. Dislikes: No music at the beach bar. This was not a problem though because we brought an ipod doc and were allowed to play some reggae, which ended up being alot of fun for all! Our AC acted up one night and turned off, and then never got really cold as the first few nights, but we never called anyone because it was fine for the time we were in it. Beach bar closed a little early, but they were accomadating enough to send us a waitress without even asking anyway for full service even after closing because a few of us wanted to stay. TIPS: Ask for a room on the third or fourth floor for best views. Also ask for one on the right side of the resort if looking at the beach from the lobby. This is because this is the side without any other resorts and just a mangrove forest, so it is much quieter. At the Barefoor Grill which serves lunch, they can make fresh grilled shrimp, scallops, fish to order, if you dont want the other things, just ask! When you arrive in Cancuun walk straight to your transfer, do not talk to ANYONE unless they have a uniform with the logo of what you need. The others just want a tip or to sell you something.