I must admit that my husband and I were new to the "all-inclusive" experience, and because of our amazing stay at Secrets Maroma, we may never vacation any other way! The moment we stepped off the shuttle to the hotel, we were "welcomed home" by the staff - who pulled our chairs and brought us champagne as we checked in. This is probably Secrets Maroma's greatest asset - its staff! The service is beyond compare. Everyone is so attentive, from the waiters around the pool (Alejandro and Diego were wonderful) and in the lobby (Nancy and Angeles were lovely) - to the Maitre D's, chefs, and restaurant waiters. Everyone works so hard to make sure your stay is pleasurable. In addition, the entertainment staff was incredible. They are so fun and really make you want to participate in their activities. They took the time to get to know us, stopped to chat, and sincerely cared about whether we were having fun! Thanks to Uri, Marcelo, Alex, Luis, Barbara, Karla, Emmanuel, Giovanna - the entire entertainment crew! Secrets Maroma's other strength is its food. My husband and I are serious foodies - and we were truly impressed by the food. We particularly liked the food at Bordeaux (French restaurant) beef filet was amazing, El Patio (Mexican restaurant) - try the tortilla soup, and Oceana (poolside seafood restaurant) - fish and ceviches were delish. The breakfast buffet was incredible and truly had something for everyone. We usually spent our lunchtime sitting around the pool feasting on the samples brought around by the chefs for the various restaurants (this was a nice treat!). The only slightly negative comment we have is about the food at the Japanese restaurant. It was our least favorite... We tried it twice and we were a little disappointed by the sushi; however, the experience at the hibachi grill was fun and the fried ice cream dessert was yummy. Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not comment on the beauty, spaciousness, and cleanliness of the rooms and of the grounds. Although we did not spend much time in our room - it was a big room with a very nice shower and it was always impeccably clean. The resort grounds were lush and very well-kempt. I was astonished to see the army of people on the beach early in the morning cleaning up the seaweed. The sand and water were like none I've ever seen - clear, turquoise water and power-white sand. Wow! (You will be greeted by angel fish in the water - they are harmless and beautiful.) The space around the pool is quite large, and although there were many people staying at the resort, it never felt crowded. A few tips: - swim-out suites had problems with mosquitoes due to the plants surrounding the pool (I would recommend a room on the 3rd or 4th floor) - portions at the restaurants are perfectly sized (not like giant American portions), this allows you to eat in 3 or 4 courses (appetizer, soup, main, dessert) without feeling too full - make sure you have an itinerary, called The Sundial, everyday (housekeeping usually leaves the following day's itinerary on your bedside at turndown) - its the best way to know what's going on, what activities are happening that day, and what the drink of the day is (yum!)