My husband and I have just returned from a two week holiday at Secrets Maroma Beach. Having read plenty of reviews before our holiday I knew we were in for a treat...although couldnt quite believe anywhere could be so good. It really does live up to expectations and I cant imagine anyone having good reason to complain. Our overall experience was excellent and whilst I do not think the hotel is 5 star in comparison to some of the Leading Hotels in the world, it is not far off. Our review is hopefully a fair reflection of what Secrets Maroma Beach does very well and includes our opinion on what could be improved to make the place even better. We would not hesitate to go back. We feel we got excellent value for money and we thoroughly enjoyed our holiday. On arrival at Cancun airport it was very busy and this led to delays clearing customs and gathering luggage etc. Not a problem, but when you are tired from a long journey you just want to get to your hotel. Secrets Maroma was about 30 minutes from the airport by direct transfer through Thomas Cook. We were greeted with the cold towel upon arrival and champagne during check in. We were shown to our room by a very helpful and enthusiastic member of staff who offered her assistance. Her greeting was a nice touch. The grounds of the hotel are pretty and very well maintained. We were allocated room 1420. A standard room. Very spacious and clean, very comfortable and we could access free wifi even though it was not meant to be accessible. Maid service was very good throughout our stay. We received turn down service most nights, although sometimes, if our room was cleaned later in the day, the bed was turned down. Make sure you keep the doors closed and take mosquito repellent with you. Take loads and take the strongest stuff you can find. I am very prone to mossie bites, so I do suffer more than most, but I was bitten over 100 times during the 2 weeks. It drove me to distraction. I think we were bitten in our room at night. Almost every day I swiped at least 2 or 3 in our room. Use the drapes on the side of the bed at night. I think this really helped. We experienced one maintenance issue with the toilet....very quickly sorted by staff when we reported it to the lobby concierge. Our building concierge was very helpful on the day of our departure. We didnt actually need to speak with her during our stay, which is just as well, because she was rarely sat at her desk when we went past. Our room key failed once on our holiday. Again...this was really quickly rectified. We could have done with a few more hangers in our room and we would have liked a table on the balcony. Im sure if we had asked, the staff would have helped us with both of these requests. The swim up suites were hardly used and were not that private. I personally dont think preferred club or swim out is worth the additional expense...of course...the sea view would be amazing....that would be worth it. The beach is simply stunning directly outside the hotel. Venture further afield, either left or right and it soon becomes dirty and covered with litter. This just goes to show how hard the staff work to keep the immediate beach access so clean. The beach has better shade than the pool, so we spent more time at the beach. Beach drink service was generally good. A couple of days the service was inconsistent but typically regular. You can eat BBQ at lunch on the beach or pool and you will be served nibbles at your beach lounger and pool lounger. Guests do get up early to reserve the best loungers around the pool. Be ready to be up and out by 8.30am to get poll position in the very best shade. The music played around the resort is dreadful. You feel like you are either at a funeral or a theme park. Not to my taste at all....... The food was impressive. Breakfast at the World cafe was varied and plentiful. I loved the omelette station. You can have cereals, fruit, pancakes, crepes, eggs, bacon, croissants, and donuts.....just loads of choice. The orange juice was not freshly squeezed. It was certainly from concentrate and on some days really watered down. That is one thing which could be improved in my view. The Barefoot grill for lunch offered chips, nachos, burgers, chicken fish, desserts, fruit etc. Great homemade guacamole too! We ate in all of the restaurants. We loved the seafood restaurant, French and Italian. The Japanese grill was fun, but I felt very rushed....The steakhouse was disappointing and the service here was not as good as the other restaurants. All the food was good  the steak was fantastic, the fish scallops and shrimp....very good. We enjoyed all our meals and drank house wine every night. You will get some hard sell of wine, which can become a bit annoying.....even the sommelier told us that the house wine was good enough not to need to spend even more money.......unless of course ...you are celebrating a special occasion. The hotel pastry chefs are amazing...some of the desserts were heavenly! We used room service a few times. Prompt and good choice. Make the most of this. Its included. We often rang and asked for coffee and cookies when we got back to our room after a day on the beach. We did not participate in any of the day trips or excursions. Weve been to this area before so have done it all before. We would have liked to be able to jet ski from the beach at the hotel. This is not possible, so you either need to go to Cancun or walk to the Maroma Riviera, which is about 30 minutes away. They take out half hour Jet Ski or Speedboat tours every couple of hours from about $75 dollars. We did go on the free half day shopping trip to Luxury Avenue.....great if you want to buy designer items. We just enjoyed a break from the beach for half a day. We also took out a Hobie cat several times. We were shown how to sail on an escorted trip the first time, then my husband went out a few times on his own. Good fun! We also booked a photo shoot. $300 dollars for 20 photos. There are cheaper packages. Photos start at $15 each. We enjoyed this and the photos are stunning. The entertainment is more Butlins than 5 star and the weakest element of the hotels service.....the Grease night was fun although totally mimed. The Idol Night and Fire show are probably the best....the rest is dire...just typical holiday resort amateur entertainment. I think they misjudge what the majority of their guests would want to watch. If they were getting it right, the theatre would be full every night....and it wasnt! Sometimes there were more staff in there than guests. I think Mr and Mrs /Love and Marriage Competitions had their day decades ago! We took over $100 in single dollar bills together with other cash and we did tip waiters and drink servers, maids etc. The staff work really hard and most really try to please. Breakfast service is usually better earlier. When the World Cafe is busy, we noticed a difference in the level of service and attention. It was not so good after 10am. We booked the complimentary honeymoon package. We did have lovely flowers in our room and champagne on ice in our room too! We did not have the honeymooners banner on the door. No big deal! Overall, our holiday was excellent. We were very well looked after and feel Secrets Maroma Beach deserves the overwhelmingly positive reviews it receives. Go to Secrets Maroma - You wont be disappointed.