We stayed in a preferred swim out suite in building 25 which is third back from the beach. We definitely like the preferred club - we enjoyed going there in the morning and ordering a cappuccino, having some fresh fruit, and leisurely reading the USA Today. Then we would make our way over to World Cafe for the breakfast buffet. We especially liked the made to order omelette and crepe stations and the fresh squeezed juices and smoothies. This buffet was amazing. We usually made it out to the pool between 11 and 12 and never had a problem finding a couple of chairs and an umbrella. One thing I learned is to wear sunscreen even if you are under an umbrella! Before dinner we would also stop in at the preferred club. They put out the best appetizers around 5:00. We would have a drink and play some backgammon before dinner. It was always quiet and uncrowded in the preferred club. We also took advantage of the couples aromatherapy massage for $190 and it was very enjoyable and we spent the afternoon in the spa's private pool afterwards. We only used one of our coupons ($10) on a bottle of tequila recommended by our waiter at El Patio. We later saw it in the airport for about the same price we paid using our coupon. We were there for 6 nights and ate at a different restaurant every night. We arrived at various times and never had a wait. The steaks we had at Seaside were some of the best we've ever had. The only thing I didn't like was the grilled shrimp at Oceana, they were overcooked. We did the reserved seating at the Hibitsu for the hibachi grill and we enjoyed it. We had a 6:00 seating because we did not make a reservation in advance. Overall everything we had was like eating at a very nice upscale restaurant. Everyone dresses up for dinner. In fact everywhere in the resort I noticed that people dressed nicely. We went to a couple of shows - the marriage game and the American Idol night. We enjoyed both. We went to the disco one night and it is definitely geared for the younger crowd - we are in the 40's - 50's age group. Our room was very nice - just as pictured on the website. The only comment I would make is that we could hear everything outside our door, I guess that's a downside to being on the bottom floor for the swim out suite. We could hear people talking and walking back to their rooms at night and in the morning we could hear the carts being rolled along the walkway. We ended up leaving the bathroom fan running all night and that seemed to help muffle the noise. Overall we had a wonderful time. The resort is beautiful, the beach is perfect - pure white sand and turquoise blue water. We came to relax and that's what we did. We never felt the urge to leave the resort. The resort lived up to all the great reviews on TripAdvisor and then some!