This was our second, 2 week trip to Secrets Maroma and we loved it just as much the second time. If anything, we enjoyed this time even more. The resort is much more mature in terms of landscaping than it was last year and the grounds are really beautiful. We were also delighted that they have added cushions to the pool chairs as they didnt have them last year! This is a fantastic resort and the staff are wonderful. Nothing is too much trouble and we wanted for nothing the entire time we were there. I would recommend it to anyone. I dont have a great deal to add to what I said in my review last year, but there are a few things that Id like to touch on: Food  There are mixed reviews about the food and having been here twice I still have no complaints about the quality of food offered. I think you have to have realistic expectations  the food is not going to be like you get at home. For example - we overheard people commenting on how the Mexican food wasnt authentic like it was back home! Some of the cuts of steak arent great but if you know what to order youll enjoy every meal. I had a fantastic fillet in the French restaurant, a lovely tenderloin in the mexican and would recommend the 22 oz. fillet (for 2) at the steakhouse  it was absolutely delicious. We loved the Italian and ate there a few times. I especially liked the make your own pasta section of the menu where you choose pasta, sauce and extras. I had a delicious ravioli with goats cheese and chicken in pesto. The hibachi teppanyaki tables at Himitsu are a must do. Very entertaining and the food is great. I also ate off the normal menu here and had delicious spring rolls and vegetable tempura. And try the tempura ice cream  its delicious! Entertainment  We thought this was better this year, but that was maybe just good luck with the acts they had brought in. we saw two really good shows with outside entertainers  A mentalist show and one that was billed as side show wonders. The rock show was also good and Secrets American Idol is good fun too  although Im biased as my boyfriend won this for the 2nd year running! You can be as active (or non active) as you like at this resort and although the 2 pools are very close together, the livelier pool doesnt affect the more tranquil feel of the infinity pool, which is the area we preferred. The towel game  If you want a lounger in a good spot overlooking the infinity pool youll need to be there early. We were usually there for about 8/8.30 and only ever left our spot for 30 mins to grab a quick breakfast. Unfortunately, a number of people reserve chairs with a towel very early and then dont use them until 2 or 3 hours later. We also saw people reserve chairs at both the pool and the beach. If the pool concierges are made aware of this they will move stuff to free spaces up for others, but its not something they actively keep an eye on. Service  this is where Secrets win hands down compared to anywhere Ive ever stayed. The staff work so hard and always with a smile. Please make the effort to tip them. Extras  We did the dinner on the beach which was a fabulous experience and had a couples massage which was blissful. I would recommend both. I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this resort and the fact that we went a second time shows how much we liked it as we never go to the same place twice. Ive now spent 4 weeks at SMB and its like a home from home so if anyone has questions, feel free to e-mail me