Having read other reviews and also heard from friends who had stayed here themselves, we booked a couple of nights as a special treat at the end of a family vacation to Mexico - and Secrets lived up to the hype! This hotel has very nice rooms, a wide variety of restaurants, high quality drinks, a very attractive pool area and what has been acknowledged to be one of the beach beaches in the world. As others have said - if you are a couple looking for an all-inclusive beach vacation, you have found it! The sense of arrival is very nice. The entrance feels long and quite remote. At the motor lobby the bell staff were extremely efficient and friendly and the offer of cool face-cloths a nice touch. The check-in desks are just that, desks with two chairs, and almost everyone staying at the hotel are couples - which is definitely the target demographic. We were served a glass of bubbly wine during the checkin process which was well received by everyone in our group and is a chic touch. Our rooms were not ready so our bags were taken by the bell staff and we were provided with a restaurant-type pager for each room to let us know when the rooms would be ready. The rooms are very nicely designed and quite spacious. The beds are king size and very comfortable with high quality linens. Our bathroom had a separate WC, walk-in shower and two person jacuzzi tub as well as two wash basins. There is also a small seating area and desk, as well as a small balcony which had a limited view of the lush vegetation and which also has a seating area which we hardly used but which looked inviting. The decor is nicely done and the furnishings are of dark woods. The A/C was efficient if a little cool for our tastes and took a while for the room to warm up after we made the adjustment to the temp. There was a large flat panel TV which we basically did not use and a safe. Oh and there is also a mini bar which is stocked with beer, water, juice and sodas. 24-hr room service is also available, although only one room in our party used it. We did not have time to sample all the restaurants, but here is our feedback on the ones we tried: The World Cafe is the main buffet-style restaurant. We used it twice for breakfast - nice choices and food was well presented and tasty - although my family thought that the Huevos Rancheros were much better at The Royal Haciendas, where we had been a few days previously. Himitsu is the Japanese restaurant and we would have liked to get a Tepanyaki table but they were booked solid, so we had a normal table and were served by the attentive and friendly Felix. Food was outstanding, particularly the fish dishes. Although not a hard sell - the waiters in general do try and upgrade you to premium wines and in this case Sake which are offered at an extra charge. We stuck with the excellent choices that are already included. Bordeaux - is the French restaurant and we also had an excellent meal here. Our only criticism being that my wife's filet steak which she had ordered medium rare, came medium well - but the waiter and chef were incredibly apologetic and even brought us a lobster tail in the form of an apology - which was unnecessary but much appreciated. Oceana is the palapa next to the pool and we had lunch here one day, comprising of an excellent shrimp cocktail, shrimp tacos and come calamari. The seafood all tasted fresh and was nicely presented. The pools are laid out to create lots of small, private areas, in keeping with the fact that most guests are couples and it works very well. However, the beach is so gorgeous we really do not understand why anyone would choose the pools instead of the beach! The beach is powder-white sand and there are alot of palapas for shade. The entire beach is protected by an off-shore reef and is shallow shelving and sandy-bottomed. The water color has to be seen to be believed. Another very nice feature is the free access to kayaks and hobie-cats. We loved the sailing and it is a beautiful way to see the coastline. Jamie and Felix were in charge and looked after us. I am not 100% sure how the room rate is divided up between departments and if any of the funds see they way into the pockets of service staff such as waiters and bar-tenders. We tended to take cash out with us and just tipped as we went, which seemed to be appreciated by the staff and the right thing to do. As I have said before, Mexican people are lovely, kind, friendly and warm and the staff at Maroma are no exception. Everyone we talked to here felt the same way and all were enjoying a fantastic vacation. The hardest thing you will have to do during your stay is leaving... especially if reality awaits!