We booked our trip through Michael McHugh of Dream Makers Vacation Services. I decided to book through him after seeing Dream Makers come up in so many Trip Advisor Reviews. Michael recommended Secrets to us and we are so glad he did! He was always prompt, responsive, and thorough in communicating with us and in planning the trip. I would definitely recommend him. We have been to two other all-inclusives: Aventura Spa Palace (six years ago) and Sandals Whitehouse in Jamaica (two years ago). Overall, Secrets has these two beat. We found nothing to complain about and never left the resort. It was beautiful; a wonderfully relaxing and romantic place to spend our anniversary. That's the short version of my review. For greater details/tips, read on: Airport/Transfer The ease of getting through immigrations and customs all depends on the time of day you get in. We arrived on a Tuesday at 1pm and it took us one hour from the time we got off the plane to the time we got out of the airport. We met two other couples that arrived the same day we did. One couple arrived at 9am and said they got out of the airport in a matter of minutes. Another couple arrived shortly after we did and it took them 2.5 hours! Prepare to be patient! After getting through customs, we ignored all the people in blue shirts and headed straight for our transfer (American Express), who were easy to find. There were people headed to other resorts on our transfer, but fortunately we were dropped off first. It was about a 25-30 min ride. The resort is about a mile off the main highway down a long dirt road, but it's absolutely gorgeous once you drive up to the main entrance. Check-In We were greeted with cool towels and champagne and were promptly checked-in. We immediately asked about free upgrades as our travel agent said he'd e-mailed and requested one. We were told that there weren't any available but that we could get a room with a better view (which we later found out was a preferred room) for an extra 100 dollars a night. We decided to go for it and were told we could move into that room the next day. Our first room was in building 14 on the 3rd floor. It was about halfway between the lobby and beach and had a partial view of the ocean in the distance with plenty of lush greenery in between. Peaceful and lovely. It seems as if the third and fourth floors are ideal. The swim-up suites on the first floor seemed rarely used, afforded little privacy, and I heard one couple complain of mosquitos in their room. The trees are at a height that if you're on the third floor, you see over the tops of them, but on the second floor you'd be staring right into them. The room itself was gorgeous and was made even more lovely by the anniversary package (banner on door, flowers, towel swan and rose petals on bed, champagne). The bed was quite comfortable (firm, but not hard) with plenty of pillows. The thin curtain separating the bathroom area from the bedroom was not a problem as frosted glass doors covered the bathroom and shower area and the fan in the bathroom afforded plenty of cover from any potentailly unpleasant noise from that area. The balcony was a nice size and included two chairs and a couch. Everything in the room was spotless and in good working order, including the air conditioning. Because we'd read so many reviews about the rooms not being cool enough, we actually brought a clip-on fan just in case. We never had to use it as the air conditioning worked great. We kept it at 68 every night and it felt like it. Our second room was in building 16 on the fourth floor. This was a preferred club building. This room was much closer to the beach and pool and the view was gorgeous. This room was identical to our first room except we now had a tub on the balcony, which we never used. We also had a concierge who was very proactive about asking if we needed anything. Our only request to him when we changed rooms was to have our anniversary flowers and banner transferred to our new room. He said he would do this but did not. It wasn't a big deal and we didn't ask again. The other perk that comes with a preferred club room is the use of the preferred club lounge which has its own bar, serves appetizers, and has computers for internet access. This was helpful as were were not able to get wi-fi in either of our rooms. (There are computers in the lobby, but it's much busier in there.) The lounge was nice if you wanted to get out of the sun for awhile. It seems as if anyone could wak into the preferred club lounge as no one is checking to see whether or not you're in a preferred room. Was all this worth the extra $600? We don't regret it, but we wouldn't do it again. Both of our rooms were on the left side of the resort (if you're facing the beach),which abuts another resort. On some nights, it got a bit noisy but it was generally quieter by midnight. The other side of the resort which is not abutted by another resort seems like it would be quieter. However, our view of the beach from the left side was unobstructed by other resorts. Pool There were two pools which were separated by the lounging area. One was a bit more active with the swim-up bar and volleyball while the other side was more low-key. We never had a problem finding chairs and an umbrella if we were out by 9:30am. Floats were hard to come by; the resort could use 5-10 more of them. Yes, some people did hog/reserve them even though signs were posted explicitly asking people not to. If we found that someone had pulled one up near their chair and wasn't using it, we just took it. When we were done, we just set it adrift or asked someone else if they'd like it. The pool staff will also help you if you are having trouble finding chairs or floats. If having a pool float is very important to you, you may want to conider bringing your own. Service at the pool was excellent. Waiters and waitresses were always coming around asking if you needed a drink. Starting at noon, sushi and a carving station for fajitas was set up by the pool. Waiters also brought around hot and cold hors d'oeuvres. Beach The beach is as gorgeous as everyone says. Blue, warm water; white, powdery sand; no rocks or seaweed (it was raked up every morning). There are no resorts to the right of the resort and you can walk quite aways in that direction. There is a bar (with swings!) on the beach as well as a grill at lunchtime. Service here was also excellent. Food You will not go hungry here! We live in a major city and regularly eat at nice restaurants. One of us is a rather picky eater. We thought the food was at worst, good, and at best, excellent. It was always fresh, there were a variety of options, it was beautifully presented, and the portion sizes were good. Breakfast buffet at World Cafe offered plenty of options. Lunch at the barefoot grill was great - burgers, chicken, fish, etc. grilled to order, chips and guacamole, fries, jalapaneo poppers, fruit, etc. You could also order off of the pool menu or put on a cover up and have a sit-down meal at the Seaside Grill. For dinner, Portofino (Italian) was our favorite. We loved the make your own pasta and risotto dishes. Our second favorite was Himatsu (Japanease). We did the hibachi table one night (this is the only time you need reservations) and it was a lot of fun. Definitely do it! We went again another night and sat in the restaurant and had great sushi and pad thi. We also ate at El Patio (Mexican). Get the Mexican coffee for desert. It's extremely strong, but it was such a fun show to watch our waiter, Jose (loved him!) make it. Bordeaux was also good and Seaside Grill was just OK. We didn't eat ot Oceana. There is a dress code for restaurants and people did get dressed nicely for dinner - women in dresses or skirts and men in khakis and polos. Alcohol When you sit down at most of the restaurants, you are given the wine menu. Anything you order off of this menu is an additonal cost. We found the house (included) wines to be just fine, although the reds were better than the whites. This was the first all-inclusive we've stayed at that has both Bud Products and Corona, so that was a bonus. We aren't big liquor drinkers, so can't comment on the quality there. Service Awesome! Everyone works incredibly hard and is so friendly and accomodating. We brought about 150 dollars in tips (fives and ones) and used pretty much all of it throughout the week. We tipped often, but not always and found service the same regardless. Our glasses were never empty; we never wanted for anything. Entertainment We attended the rock show (on Wednesday); it was awesome and not to be missed. We also went to the Love and Marriage show (silly, but still fun) and the American Idol show (good). We missed out on the fire show, the Mexican fiesta, and the guest comedian. The night club always opened at 10 and usually played good music but most people were somewhat hesitant to dance. Spa Amazing! Gorgeous! So relaxing. The best spa ever. Get there an hour early and do the hydrotherapy. Yes, the prices were steep but we were able to use the coupons we received at check-in and saved 160 dollars, so it was actually quite affordable. If we had to do it all over again, we would have spent an entire day there. Workout Room If you are someone who puts in serious time at the gym every day, you will probably be disappointed. If you're just looking to stay somewhat in shape while on vacation, this will probably get the job done. There are three treadmills, three elipticals, and two recumbent bikes, and about four nautilus/weight machines. I always went about 6pm and it was never too busy, but I'm sure it's busier in the morning. There were also sparsely attended yoga and body sculpting classes a few mornings a week by the pool. People There were mostly couples on honeymoon or anniversary - a variety of ages. It was mostly Americans, but also a number of British people as well as a few French, German, and Mexican guests. While there were a number of weddings taking place while we were there, there were no rowdy crowds. It was a more romantic, laid back vibe, although there was fun to be had if you wanted it. Two final tips: 1. Bring bug spray and anti-itch cream. Apply bug spray liberally before going out in the evening. 2. Bring 2-3 bottles of sunblock (per couple) for a week's stay. We used 50 SPF most of the time and still got a bit burned.