Planning a wedding, as most of us know, is no easy task. Therefore, after our July 2010 nuptials went off without a hitch, my new hubby and I were very excited to set off on a relaxation-filled honeymoon, which is EXACTLY what we got at Secrets Maroma! From the moment we checked in, while being presented with cool towels and champagne, until the time we sadly departed, we were treated like royalty, with our every want, need, whim, and desire being catered to. We were greeted by our concierge with a beautiful floral arrangement, which only enhanced our immaculate room with a breathtaking partial ocean view, another bottle of champagne, and a "Honeymooners" banner that decorated our door. Every member of the staff we encountered during our 8 day stay was all smiles and welcomed us "home." The grounds were beautifully landscaped, the many pools were well-maintained, and the beach was like nothing we'd ever seen before! From the white silk sand to the clear blue green water, we couldn't help but feel like we were in heaven as schools of silver tropical fish swam at our feet, which we could see even when neck high in the ocean. Fun was to be had all around us through the endless activities that were offered by the most talented, well-rounded entertainment staff. During the day, they were in bathing suits hosting bike tours, pool and beach volleyball, soccer, water aerobics, you name it. Then, at night, they transformed into costumes, more formal attire, jackets and ties, or whatever necessary to present some of the most entertaining live shows, musicals, plays, etc that we've ever attended. Let's not forget the service! From the maids, right on down to the waiters/waitresses, bee boys, and bartenders, we were pampered and received responses such as "it's a pleasure," and "I'd be happy to." The restaurants were top notch, and offered a huge selection, and generous portions from appetizers to dessert. The buffets were never ending, and room service was fast, friendly, and always accurate. As you can plainly tell by now, neither I, nor my husband, have a single bad word to say about this resort and look forward to revisiting it, as well as other Secrets resorts in the future, and would highly recommend anyone to do the same!