This resort was everything we could have asked for. The rooms were great, the beach incredible, service amazing, and the food was awesome. Booking: We booked with Expedia and I was a little leery about dong this as I have never booked a trip of this magnitude with as service like expedia before. Expedia ended up being about $1000 cheaper than booking separately with airline and the hotel website. In fact the expedia booking for everything = just the hotel cost on the hotel website! Room: I read on the hotel site and tripadvisor, that they have a special honeymoon/anniversary package. I emailed ahead to ask if we could get this as it was our 1 year anniversary. Additionally, we booked a Jr. Suite Ocean view room, I called ahead to request one on the 3rd or 4th floor and asked for a few specific buildings that actually face the ocean pretty good. When I arrived, much to my surprise, we ended up getting one of their presidential suites! All the employees, when they saw where our room was, kept saying how lucky we were, those are the nicest rooms at the resort. I didn't see the other rooms so I cannot compare, but ours was in the main building (furthest from the beach) but we were on the top floor with private tub/pool on our balcony. Rooms are extremely nice with jacuzzi tub inside. Beds very comfortable too! Beach: The beach was amazing, there's not much better way to put it. My wife and I have been to Cancun a few times and honeymooned on Bora Bora, and this beach was way better than Cancun and as close to Bora Bora as I ever thought I would find in Mexico. The colors of the water are an amazing green/blue, the sand doesn't have a single rock in the sand (not kidding) nor do you ever step on even a sea shell in the ocean. To the right of the hotel, you can walk for miles before really seeing another hotel, it feels somewhat private. Food: With several restaurants to choose from, no reservation required, we had a great time eating. Our favorite was the Habachi (only one requiring a reservation), however the sushi restaurant at the Habachi place doesn't and it's quite good too. The Italian and Mexican places were OK. One night they had a Caribbean feast out in the open area and it was exquisite. I was very hesitant about eating buffet food while there were so many restaurants to choose from, however it was great! Afterwards, they had a fire show for us that was great! One of the coolest things I have ever seen. One of my favorites was lunch, you could eat at the seaside grill and had great food, however what I loved the most was the grill they brought out on the sand. They made the best fresh burgers. They would also do paella, fajitas, and tons of other stuff. We just ate on the beach, it was great! Service: Out of this world. We tipped, however we never felt like we had to. Additionally, some days we wouldn't tip first thing, and I never found we got better service for tipping, however the wait staff is great so we did anyways! They have a drink special of the day, which is fun because you can try something new. Overall this place was everything we could have asked for. They have a bar that has some tables that are actually sitting in the pool, calf deep water. We enjoyed sitting there before and after dinner and a few nights they had a large TV screen and projected the NBA playoffs onto it.