My wife and I traveled to Secrets Maroma March 2010. If you want a beach vacation, this is it!!! Michael McHugh from Dream Makers set us up. First, I'd like to let you know that he is awesome at what he does...essentially paints the picture of exactly what you're looking for. And just to let you know, I'm not a big "middle man" type-of-guy...but some things are best left to the experts. Mike helped us so much (and...from what I experienced, it didn't cost a penny more than if I booked it ourselves). If you don't know what you're doing, contact him...he REALLY helped us and we'll use him again. A very nice guy and really does look out for you. With that, Secrets Moroma beach is what most stressed-out mid-30 year old couples are looking for (at least for us...relaxation). The beach, the water, the service is ridiculously awesome...it is the same as the pictures you see on various travel sites...there isn't any doctoring, it's absolutely beautiful! There is music throughout the resort, purely ambient and not intrusive. The beach goes for miles, and we walked it a few times (well, at least a mile of it). I learned how to sail (Hobbiecat), What fun! The shows at the resort are really fun too. Essentially, you can do as little or as much as you want. And the rooms! WOW...I can't begin to describe how nice it was to go back and just chill out in our room (they are more like a suite). Looking out from our balcony, I'm not sure there is a bad room there (we had the Jr suite). If you can, get a room that faces the beach (50% of them do). The swim-out pool....looked interesting but it was on the ground floor so the view was lost. Nothing we'd probably pay for. The staff was so nice....although we chose not to interact with them much, they were always available for requests. Personally, we got the most joy from not only tipping our servers, but even more, randomly tipping the janitorial staff and the house keeping (they all did an awesome job). Plus,.knowing that you gave them a day's salary for doing an outstanding job, it was really rewarding. Before you leave for your trip, get a $100 in ones, and another $100 in 5's and 10's.....use these for tips. It's not much to us, but the staff really appreciates them. The restaurants at the resort were all quite good. You do have to adjust your flavor pallet though....nothing in Mexico tastes quite the same as in the US. The only things that tasted as good (or better) was the real sugar sodas (no high fructose additives) and the free room service....the offerings were more US-like. We hit up McDonald's as soon as we landed in Detroit!!! But, certainly a minor thing when you go to Mexico. Over all, this was a great vacation that we'd do again.