My husband & I stayed at Secrets Maroma June 25  July 4. Cannot say enough wonderful things about this resort. The food, staff, shows, beach, rooms, and resort grounds was absolutely great! We have stayed at many different amazing resorts in Mexico, Jamaica, and Punta Cana and can truly give this one a thumbs up. To compare beaches we have seen only a few as nice, but some of those resorts did not pay as much attention to clean up and preservation the way that this one did. The beach was crystal clean every day (Hurricane Alex even went through while we were there) and they even use straws that decompose in three days. Probably a bit pricey for them for those straws, but it keeps the beach beautiful. I love the ocean but I am usually a raft floater. I walk into the water until it is deep enough to get on my raft, then I float because I dont like walking on things such as coral, rock or seaweed. I found none of this here, stood in the ocean over an hour at a time a lot just to feel the soft powder sand below my feet! The bars were always staffed, beach and pool waiters came by often. The beach and pool waiters even serve food which a lot of resorts do not offer. Also reservations were not needed in most of the restaurants, which we look for in any resort we stay at since we do not like being on a schedule. The food was very good everywhere we went. Anytime you go to a different country the food tastes different than home, but Secrets resorts food tastes more like home than any other resorts we have been to(We have also stayed at Secrets Capri). Secrets resorts even serve Bud Light beer (among many others) which is a big plus for us since we are mainly beer drinkers . Room service always arrived in the time estimated and the food was as hot or cold as it should be. The staff went out of their way to make our stay wonderful and even the shows were something to talk about. We have seen shows at other resorts and sometimes we were definitely not impressed. The ones we seen at this resort was impressive. Our room was always cleaned to the T, our fridge was stocked all the time, bed was comfortable. Our concierge D was absolutely wonderful and catered to our every need. We had a swim out room which was wonderful for us because we enjoy that sort of thing. The pool was always clean and ready for us when we went out. While we were there it was crab mating season or they were having their babies, not sure which, but there were tons of crabs everywhere in the morning and in the evening (Especially on the ground level rooms and even in our swimout pool). The staff went out of their way to move them away from you if you were frightened. There might be 7 knocking on our door in the morning or waiting for us at our door in the evening. Only lasted about 3-5 days, but for us we were not frightened by them so it was something great to see. Anyone with complaints with this resort probably had a bad incident happen. We couldnt have asked for a better trip, despite the weather from the hurricane, that was out of our control. If you choose this resort we are sure you will have a wonderful time. Happy Vacationing! We have stayed at many other great resorts also, please feel free to contact me with any questions.