My husband and I celebrated our honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach for 9 nights, 10 days July 6-15th. I had done over a year's worth of research and review-reading and decided on this place. Upon arrival, it was about 7 p.m. at night and it was pouring down rain. We were welcomed with a "Welcome Home" and escorted to the front desk. I eagerly awaited the cool towel and glass of champagne that I read so much about, but neither were offered. I was so disappointed! We were taken to our room - a Partial Oceanview Jr. Suite - and I couldn't wait to see our "Honeymooners" sign on the door. It wasn't there...and neither was the bottle of champagne, fresh flowers, and welcome letter that was promised to honeymooners. Once inside the room, I called the front desk after realizing there was NO possible sliver of the ocean to see and the response was, "Those are our Partial View rooms. You need to upgrade to Oceanview to see the ocean." My disappointment was high because I had read SO much about all of these couples being upgraded without even asking. I wasn't going to let any of that ruin my trip, and I am so glad that my first evening there was the ONLY negative experience we had. A word of advice to the honeymooners - make sure you secure your reservations ahead of time so they know you're celebrating your honeymoon. When I mentioned the lack of honeymooner stuff in our room to the concierge the next morning, he kept apologizing and assured me that it wasn't in their computer. We were simply 'vacationing' in their eyes. After an amazing day at the beach, we returned to our room to find a bottle of champagne and a welcome letter, and the infamous 'Honyemooners' sign on our door. Everything after that for the next 9 days was absolutely amazing. We enjoyed breakfast at the World Cafe every morning. I have never seen such an amazing variety of gourmet food for breakfast. Our favorite restaurant was Bordeaux, the French restaurant. We went there twice. Our least favorite was definitely "El Patio", the Mexican restaurant, simply because the service was incredibly slow and the restaurant was empty. The food was good, though. The sushi was amazing - I was really surprised at its quality. The hibachi table was a lot of fun, and the three times we went to the restaurant we had Damien, who was awesome. The pool is definitely where the 'rowdy' crowd is - mainly around the swim-up bar. There is certainly enough pool so that if you didn't want to partake in the rowdiness, you could enjoy the serenity somewhere else. The beach is absolutely amazing, and the service on the beach is spectacular, as well. The sand is like sugar and stays cool under the blazing hot sun. The water was absolutely amazing and the angel fish happily swam alongside of you in the shallow waters. The rooms are immaculate...cleaner than any hotel I have ever stayed in. My husband and I didn't have any issues with the open bathroom, and the bed was incredibly comfortable! Just be forewarned - the air-conditioning shuts off when you have the balcony door open. They say that you only get internet if you're in a Preferred Club room, but we had internet access on our laptop the entire time...so that was a nice added bonus! As far as the drinks are concerned, I was never disappointed. Yes - they allow you to do shots...of anything! I must have tried one of everything - and they were all made with good liquor. Their beer selection consists of Bud, Bud Light, Corona, Corona Light, Modelo and Modelo Light. The house red wines tasted fine to me, so unless you're a real wine connoisseur, I didn't think an upgrade to a better bottle isn't necessary. We went on two excursions...the Playa del Carmen Bar-Hopper, which took us to Carlos and Charlie's, Senor Frog's, and CoCo Bongo. It was really fun and we are glad we got to get out and see the nightlife in Playa! The other excursion was a trip to Tulum and then Zip-lining, rappelling, and snorkeling in the underground Cenotes. Our only complaint was that we only got to spend about an hour at Tulum. It was ridiculously hot that day - 104 degrees - and there is very little shade at Tulum. Other than the very first night's disappointments, the rest of the trip was absolutely amazing and unforgettable. I have already recommended this place to several of my engaged friends, and they are planning on making this their honeymoon destination. THANK YOU, Secrets Maroma, for an absolutely unforgettable honeymoon!!