Me and my fiance decided to scout out the resort which we selected for our destination location next May. Great call. The resort is about 25-30 minutes from the airport. Our package did not include transfers, but $80 + tip netted us private round trip van service thru USA Transfers which was comfortable, easy to find, and on time. Note: There are official bag porters at the airport with baby blue shirts on who will happily take you and your bags to your selected transfer company. I forget what the logo says exactly, but it says they are associated with the airport itself, not a private company. The porter stayed with us until we got on the van, loading our bags. At the resort you are welcomed in with a cold wet towel, a sit-down check in process, and a glass of champagne. We had to wait a bit for our room, but that gave us some time to walk the resort. The resort map isn't the finest piece of cartography every generated, so a walk through helps make sense of things. The room was just like the pictures on the web site show, so no unpleasant surprises there. Our bags soon followed us up via the bag service, and there was plenty of closet space for what you can fit into two or 3 large suitcases. The beach was excellent; clean, relatively private, and with enough beach chairs and tiki huts to go around. Bathrooms could be closer, but no such complaints can be made against food or drink, as there are two bars within 50 yards of wherever you sit, wandering servers, and a midday grille that opens up right on the beach and serves hamburgers, hot dogs, & tacos. The pool was also adequately supplied with chairs, umbrellas, bars, wandering servers, wandering taco stand (you do not want to miss these babies!), a permanent grille (Barefoot Grille), and a full-service lunch spot ( Sea Side Grille). Despite going to the resort in July, we found that a pleasant breeze permeated the beach/pool area, and a bit of shade is all one needs to remain comfortably cool. The restaurants were mostly excellent, with our personal favorites falling into the following rank: 1. Bordeaux 2. Himitsu 3. Oceana 4. Sea Side 5. El Patio 10. Portofino The portions are small enough to allow you to enjoy an appetizer, soup, entree, and desert - provided one hasn't filled up on tacos earlier in the day. We felt that the food we know were of a high quality, and the creative injections were generally appreciated. Note: I dunno what happened with Portofino, but they made complete stinkers out of Osso bucco and Lasagna, neither of our appetizers were memorable, and the minestrone soup was the least appealing soup we had at the resort. Just a complete whiff on a meal. We didn't try too many of the activities, but the ones we did (kayaking, wine/coffee tasting) were light-hearted diversions which generated some laughs and informal introductions with other resort guests. Onto the wedding planning: We found early on that just about anything the resort has to offer can be parlayed into the plans. It was definitely worthwhile to spend the week seeing for ourselves what the resort had to offer before simply showing up for the wedding, but the wedding coordinator had a firm grasp of their capabilities and expressed confidence in harnessing the resources of the resort to our benefit, usually by relating what other people have chosen to do. All told, great 7 days, and we are looking forward to 7 more, a wedding, and dragging along a bunch of our friends with us!