I have had my vacation planned at Secrets Maroma for 8 months. I have read many reviews leading up to my trip. With that I give you my review. My wife and I have visited several all inclusive resorts in both Mexico and D.R. over the past several years. We have a pretty good idea of what standards are expected. THE RESORT: The location of this resort is great. It is a manageable 40 minutes from the Cancun airport. This is by a private transfer! If you take a public or semi private transfer it could take an hour to an hour and a half depending on how many stops you make. Spend the few extra bucks on the private transfer. Check in was a great. The main lobby is immaculate and full of smiling faces. We arrived at about 12:30 and were greated by Alejandro, he escorted us to our check in station. We received our cold towel and champagne and were promptly escorted to our room, the couple we were travelling with did have to wait until about 3pm for their room to be ready. While they waited we were all able to have lunch and use the facilities. THE ROOM: We had a partial ocean view in building 15on the 3rd floor. Very nice room with all the ammentities you will need. The bathroom privacy could be an issue. I don't care how long you have been with someone, there is nothing attractive about seeing or hearing them go to the bathroom. The jacuzzi is not in the best location. It could have been closer to the terrace so you could have more of a view. Very comfotable bed with extra pillows in the closet. As far as all the rave about the swim out rooms. I just don't see it. If you do not want to interact with anyone other than your neighbors then it is fine. The swim out rooms DO NOT filter in to the main pool. They are very private. In my opinion not worth the money nor what I am going away for. Our cleaning staff was inconsistant at best. The first night we had incense. The second night we had incense and no matches. We had to call for toliet paper once. Nothing major but when you are spending TOP dollar you look for perfection. THE BEACH: I can not put its beauty into words. All I can say is that we spent all day everyday on the beach. Sugar sand and crystal clear water. Take aout a Kayak and/or a Catamaran it is true beauty. Get to the beach early if you want chairs under an umbrella, by 10am should be fine. THE POOL: We did not spend much time here. There are two seperate pools. The infinity pool is more on the quiet side. It is not a true infinity view. The view is obstructed by bushes. It is a great pool to float around in and relax. The pool bar area is a bit more active. There are however, a lot of smokers at the pool bar. So keep that in mind. Pool volleyball was going on all day as well which is nice. All pools were very clean. Chairs were not a problem at all. I put a couple of towels down at about 8:30 and started walking away when I was told that I am not allowed to reserve chairs. THE FOOD: By far and away the best food the we have ever had at and all inclusive resort. The World Cafe: (breakfast/lunch) left no stone unturned. All you could ask for at breakfast from local favorites to american staples. You name the fruit or the cereal. Mimosa's and Bloody Marys galor! Lunch here were rib-eye steaks cooked to order, Salmon grouper, mahi mahi cooked to order, fantastic. Seaside Grill: Great fajitas and grilled fish as well 4 different types of Cheviche. The best salad bar and fresh quacamole. For dinner here filet migon or porterhouse USA quality meats. Portofino's: Rack of lamb small but very good (order two). fresh pasta and great fish as well. We ate here twice. Oceana was closed the night we wanted to go. We were a bit disappointed with that. But if the fish we had for lunch was any indication. I am sure oceana would be terrific. Brodeaux and Himatsu we did not eat at. SERVICE: The service all in all was very good. At the beach bar look for Gabriel and Urbano ask Gabriel for a shot of s$#t in a glass. The beach service was great also. Lydia and Ana are the best!! Freddy at world cafe was on point. and did not miss a beat. Ricardo is the manager at Portofino's and a Tequila expert. Find him and talk to him about tequila if it is your thing. Seaside grill Gerrardo and Jose are very nice THE GYM/SPA: The gym is pathetic and small. Barley enough to get a workout in. We did not go to the Spa we felt is was way to expensive. THE ENTERTAINMENT STAFF: URI is the man! He will make you smile, he will sit down and engage you. Barbara, Karla and Alejandro are all great and full of energy. We had a day of rain and were stuck inside. They were all walking around with games and trivia and things to do. The work long hours and deserve a lot of appreciation. They are all a big reason as to why we would go back. There were several occasions while walking through the resort we said hello to a staff member and did not get a response back. Some of the people working there did not look all that happy about it. Mostly the room cleaning crew. We are used to people stopping and saying hello to us nevermind to responding we we say hello to them. I hope that did not come across snobish. As far as tipping goes. We had no problem tipping those that we felt were providing service. Dollar here dollar there. It goes a long way. If you are tipping the bartender and there is a line for drinks you will get yours quick. The prefered cub did not upgrade. We just did not feel the need.There was not one point of our stay when we said we should have. All in all Secrets Maroma is a World Class Resort. We would highly recommend it. We would consider returning in the future.