Here is a very simple review if you dont want to read a long one...COME HERE ASAP!!!! Here is a more detailed review for those debating on coming here or not. be patient, ill cover as much as possible to give you the best idea of what to expect. Arrival from Airport- We landed in Cancun Airport, maybe a 20-25 minute ride into the resort, its hidden, and very secure, no worries about safety so dont ever worry about that. Arrival- champagne waiting for us, cool towel and a welcome home from one of many, and i mean many workers there. You sit at the desk and someone goes over your room, and what to expect..maybe 5-10 minutes and you are on your way. walking to your room- a worker tells you where to go, i guess maybe to let you see the resort first hand wothout any interruption, when you get to your room, your bags will be there in 5-10 mins, they bring them in for you, and set them on the bed for you. rooms- we had a jr partial ocean view, still walked out on the balcony and saw the clear turquiose water, not an issue, besides we only spent a small amount of time in room, bathtub jacuzzi, the bed is incredible, the room is clean, marble floors, fully stocked mini fridge. You have a dedicated concierge for your building that takes care of anything you need, he said hi every morning, other than that we had not one issue, not one. no AC problems, nothing. The concierge will go over everything about the room in detail, and answer any questions you have. Room Service- available 24/7, although you will wait 35-45 mins for your meal, it will arrive warm, and with a smile. dont expect your food in 15 mins. Room Service menu is slightly limited, but still offers a very wide array of options. On par with most American carry-out places, in fact probably better. we had room service 4 times, perfect everytime, and delicious. Food- world class, i ate 3 full meals a day, breakfast buffet is incredible, try the omletes and crepes, lunch comes to you at the pool or beach, and dinner has a wide variety of options. We ate at all the restaurants except french. every meal is cooked properly, and service at each is top notch. Be aware wine is not included in your plan, you will pay at the end. we liked the Italian the best, the gnocci is better than some places in Little Italy in baltimore, trust me ive eaten it at a few of baltimores finest places. although by end of week, we did crave some american fast food, but its no knock on the food at the resort, the meals were excellent. Alcohol- whatever you want, whenever you want, but dont expect drinks at 2:00 am, pool and beach bar close at 5-6 and dont expect a wild party crowd either...most of the fun occurs at the pool bar, so if your into pounding shots, hang out there. if your into sitting by the pool or beach drinking, this is the perfect place. This resort caters to couples for the most part. out of 20 people, 18 were couples, so dont go looking for a hookup. Corona on tap, bud light, and mexican beers. the have top shelf, but you have to ask for it, and ask them to make some special drinks, youd be amazed at the drinks they can make. service- always with a smile, always friendly. Not one time did we feel unwelcomed or did we have to wait for a drink. while at the pool or beach, you may wait 5-10 minutes for a drink, but they will bring it right to you, and they are doing the best they can. they are all constantly moving and working. not standing around talking or bs'ing. always a good morning, always a hola or how are you, do you need anything...not one bad waiter, server, hostess or in general everybody that works in the resort is friendly. nightlife- the have a theater, they put on shows, they have a small little dance club, but again, its geared towards couples so most nights everything kinda died down around 1130-1200. not a big deal for us, but if your into a party scene this isnt the place for you. landscape- its gorgeous here, be on the lookout for geckos, iguanas, crabs...palm trees and grasses cut perfectly..evetrything is beautiful. if you have any questions, feel free to email me about anything. I highly recommend this resort for couples and honeymooners. and your gonna love every minute if you go with the mindset of having fun.