What a trip! We went for our 10th anniversary, and since we were leaving 3 children age 5 and under, we wanted a direct flight and didn't want to waste too much time traveling. The charter from St. Louis was easy and uneventful, and we were eating lunch and on the beach by lunch time. We upgraded to the Preferred level for both the travel with Apple and our stay at Secrets -- worth every penny. As Preferred club members, we were treated like rock stars with an expedited check in and a lounge just for preferred members. This proved to be a nice thing if we had to wait for a restaurant to page us...they have appetizers and their own bartender and table top games -- invaluable after a day at the beach. Our concierge, Yessica, was adorable and helpful in every way. Our room was stunning. One of our complaints was that it was never very cold in our room, and a warm shower was almost impossible, especially when the whole building was showering for dinner. Our breakfasts at the World Cafe were delicious and enjoyable, thanks to the ever smiling Eduardo. I loved that they served Green Juice and arugula leaves so I could make wraps with prosciutto and hearts of palm. YUM! The service in Mexico has always been impeccable for us. We did not encounter one staff member that didn't seem happy to be there. The beaches and water are gorgeous...and the entertainment staff were quite funny. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinners at Bordeaux, Himitsu, Oceana, and Portofino. All delicious. We weren't at the pools too much, but we did notice that the pool with the bar had a different atmosphere than the infinity pool -- which was great depending on your mood. We would go back again and again. We loved that it was only 20 min. from the airport. We've been to Cancun/Riviera Maya multiple times, and this place won us over, hands down. They want you happy! Another slight complaint: my husband lost his sunglasses while surfing waves. Though he looked for a while, they didn't turn up, but they did for another couple swimming just moments later. She kept them until she could turn them into security. When we actually met them (other people they knew had met us when we lost them), she kindly took the time to go to security and ask if they could bring them to the beach bar. They never came. My husband went to security TWICE after that, and they wanted the guest who found them to come back with him so she could identify which security guard actually helped her. We felt this was too much to find this honeymooner and ask her to go to security AGAIN, so we chalked it up as a loss (an annoying one, though, since the guest did the right thing by turning it into security). After 3 requests, it was clear to us that we weren't going to get them back. Besides that small snafu, Secrets Maroma is the way to go. If you want to get what you paid for and then some, book your trip and go for the upgrade.