Anybody reading the reviews on the Hotel will see that that 99% of them are from the USA - well here is one from a couple of "Brits" that have just returned from 14 wonderful days here. We had done a bit of research on places in Cancun, Playa del Carmen & Playacar and all I can say it that coming here was the right choice. It has already been said on here that you are treated with impeccable service from the moment you arrive at the front door & this really is 100% true. By the way, don't be put off by the state of the approach road from the Freeway, which makes our pot-holed roads in the UK feel like Snooker Tables in comparison. ( We were told by a Taxi driver that the 3 Hotels that use the road won't agree to pay to have it smoothed over, so it is left in its unfinished state - shame really. ) I won't repeat what has already been said about the grounds, beach, restaurants etc - nobody could ever be disappointed with them - so here a few other things. Most of the people from the States appear to be on 4 or 7 day breaks - but if you are here for longer the Entertainment does get very boring. The daily evening shows consist of a Mr & Mrs type game, A Rock Show, a Grease show, a Mexican Evening and a "Guest Entertainer" who isn't good enough to get a contract on a Cruise Ship.These shows repeat every 3 or 4 nights - they are maybe nice to see once, but not too often!!! Really there are only 2 pools, and they are not built for swimming in. The Infinity Pool that runs behind the beach is quite narrow and normally frequented by people laying on inflatable beds. The main pool is also quite narrow & has the swim up bar at one end. The downside is that twice a day the middle of the pool is used for Volleyball - it appears to be quite a thing as after the pool it then moves down to the beach! The pool area can get quite noisy, and some people obviously thought this area was an extension of an American Football pitch and spent ages throwing balls from 1 pool to the other - fortunately they went home after a couple of days. One thing us Brits won't be familiar with is a Housekeeping service called "Turndown" - and it can be quite inconvenient. Basically the Housekeepers visit your room twice a day, once mid-morning to clean up & re-stock the mini-bar and once again in the evening. This 2nd visit occurs anythime between 6-10pm & they will arrange your bed for the night. Our latest visit was at 9.50pm and we were in the room, so if you think this service is going to annoy you then just remember to flick the "Do Not Disturb" switch on while you are in the room. People should be also be aware that there is a family of 3 small stray dogs that appear to live just to the right of the beach in the bushes- they come out at lunchtime, and the hotel staff are well aware of them. They are no trouble & tend to just lay in the shade, but will obviously look for scraps if there is food around. IF YOU STAY HERE THEN PLEASE DON'T DO WHAT A FEW PEOPLE WERE SEEN DOING, AND THAT IS PUT A PLATE OF LEFTOVER LUNCH IN THE GRASS FOR THE DOGS. For one, who do they think goes out and finds the plate in the undergrowth area? & more importantly that plate will no doubt end up being washed & served to somebody else at a later date - would you want it?? ( Some guests also left crockery/drinking glasses/towels at the edge of the beach & treated the staff here like personal slaves - that arrogance got on my nerves! ) If you fancy a nice relaxing walk then at the beach go to the right. You can walk for ages along the powdery sand until you reach the Maroma Paradise Centre where the Speedboats & Jet Skis go from. After this there is only about another 200 yards before the beach has actually been eroded & it has gone back to grassland etc, but it is a lovely walk. Also, if you get a chance take a Taxi to Playa del Carmen - the consierge will call it for you. It will cost about 20 each way, and if you tell the Taxi driver a time when you want to be picked up he will be waiting there to collect you. There is a pedestrianised shopping street called 5th Avenue which goes in a straight line down to the Ferry Port. A warning though, you will be pestered to go into every shop but it is all done in a friendly way. The district comes alive at night as all of the shops are lit up & the restaurants and bars come to life - for us it was much better than Cancun. ( We went to Cancun for an evening at Coco Bongos - to be honest, unless you are in your early 20's then don't bother going! ) So to sum up, this hotel is beautiful, the staff are fantastic & anybody taking a break here will love it. If you are thinking of going to Mexico for a beach holiday then choose this place - you won't regret it.