I surprised my wife with a 5 year anniversary getaway to Secrets Maroma and I couldn't have been more pleased with my choice. I spent considerable amounts of time researching resorts throughout the Caribbean and found this property to have the most consistency when it came to receiving positive reviews and the few negative reviews received for the most part, were nothing short of ridiculous. The property is also well known for having a beautiful clean beach, which I knew would my wife would enjoy and this was another huge determining factor in making my selection. This was our 3rd trip to a riviera maya property and this far exceeded our other two experiences, which were both had at very nice and reputable resorts. Here's a short itemized list of what we concluded about our experience: Property in general- Well kept and beautiful with nice layout and nicely sized. We never felt crowded during our entire stay. Check in/check out- Quick and smooth. Rooms- Clean, beautiful, well appointed. We had a swimout suite with an ocean view. I've seen other comments about the private pools being too cold and not worth the $$- perhaps this holds true in the cooler months but ours was wonderful during our stay and I'm glad we made this selection, as we had the pool to ourselves 9 times out of 10, and the temperature was more comfortable than the main pools during our time there. Food- The food here is truly superior to what you'll find at most other resorts. The steak options/quality was impressive. We had little seafood but what we tasted was delicious. The Hibachi table at Himitsu is a must. (This is the only option that requires a reservation beforehand). The desserts were fabulous- especially the options involving ice cream, most notably the coconut. The French restaurant (Bourdeaux) menu appealed to us the least, and this is the only option we did not experience during our stay. We experienced all of the other dining options and enjoyed them all. Perhaps one annoyance while dining in the restaurants would be the wine peddling- the servers are by no means pushy, but I find this practice to be undesirable. Let me explain - I truly enjoy wine and I'm not opposed to paying a considerable amount for a good, quality bottle of wine. I wasn't however, going to pay additional $$ for unfamiliar wine on top of the already paid "unlimited luxury" fees. Not really a big deal but I just wanted to vent for a moment. To summarize this category, the food here is excellente' and if you can't enjoy this resort's abundant offerings, then you're likely going to have a struggle anywhere else you go! Almost forgot- don't forget to check out the coco cafe-Incredible place if you enjoy coffee beverages, etc. Offers excellent drinks and tasty desserts/snacks as well. Service- We have always received excellent service in this region and this resort was no exception. My wife felt that the service was on par with the other properities we have visited in this region. I however, felt that the service here was superior on most levels and the staff give much more attention to minor details. Alex, our concierge, was instrumental and we could not have been more pleased with his efforts to make our stay enjoyable- And this same type of service was consistently found throughout the property. I could go on and on here.....In short, this place has got it together in the service domain. As a side note here, we were in the "preferred club." While it sounds nice and appeals to many I'm sure, we would have been just as pleased without having paid extra for this. The preferred lounge is nice etc., but we didn't use it much, nor did other "preferred" members that we visited with. Drinks- We weren't huge consumers in this area, but I truly don't recall having a bad drink at this resort. Top shelf is available/abundant and the bartenders are extremely personable and obviously know their trade well. Spa- Incredible! If you're going to splurge while visiting this resort, this is definitely the place to do it. Even if you just want a minor treatment or short massage, it's definitely worth a look. Again, another area this resort has mastered. Beach- You won't be disappointed! We arrived the day after Tropical storm Alex came through. The beach had obviously taken a beating but was still beautiful and easily stood up to all the positive comments you're probably reading about. Beach chairs/pools rafts- I can't imagine one having a difficult time finding a beach or pool lounger. They are abundant and not falling apart like you often find in many other resorts. The raft game however can be pretty shady to say the least. I don't really fault the resort here but rather the "I'm entitled" behavior of some of the guests. Plain and simple, you'll find guests hoarding rafts when not in use and being just plain rude when asked about it. One might say "Why don't they furnish more rafts?"- Which of course is a legitimate question. This might help but based on our observations, there seemed to be sufficient rafts for the total available pool space- the real problem appeared to be the negative behavior of certain guests. Solution? Don't be one of "those guests" and be courteous to others and be respecting of the rules. Entertainment- We mostly went to this resort for relaxation. We did however, stumble upon some of the entertainment and found it to be very good and worth a look. We witnessed the resort giving away a 4 night stay to a guest for winning an "Idol" entertainment competition and found this to be impressive. You won't find many resorts that take their service effort to this level. Recreation/Fitness- They have everything you need if you're interested in burning a few calories while on vacation. Room Service- Excellent! Great experience and great food each time we choose this route. In summary- If you're seriously looking to book a trip to a "stand out" resort- you won't be disappointed if you choose this one. My wife likes going to new places when we travel but I have to admit, it will be very difficult for me not to choose this one again for future vacations.