Myself and my husband stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from 23/06-07/07. Unfortunately we were there when Tropical Storm Alex hit. This wasnt too bad a few days of bad weather certainly never spoilt our time at this amazing hotel. This is our 4th year in the Riviera Maya previously staying at, Iberostar Paraiso Lindo, Iberostar Grand & Excellence Riviera Cancun so we had a good few hotels to compare this one too. I have to say Secrets was amazing, everything you read is true. Would we return...in a heartbeat. I have already been checking prices for next year & we've never stayed at the same hotel twice. The Beach - The beach at this property is gorgeous, just as you see in the pictures one of the main advantages this hotel has over others without a doubt. Sunloungers were ok, however whilst we stayed at the Grand the sunloungers were brilliant & very comfortable & the ones at Secrets are just basic. I think they could definately score with changing to similar beds. Pool - Pool area is also lovely, we chose to sunbathe at the quieter infinity pool which suited us perfectly. The areas are so clean & well kept. The only thing I would say (and this is being picky & didnt really bother me) is that the mattresses they use on the beds are beginning to get a little worn along with the sunloungers. I think they could benefit from getting new mattresses possibly waterproof ones as whilst we were there it did rain a few times & they were all soaked. The service around the pool was phenomenal, I swear I dont think I went 15 minutes without someone asking if I wanted something else to drink or just giving me another drink because 'its gone warm' or 'they noticed I was nearly finished' I cant fault the service best ever I think. Diego was the best, he'd even come up with new cocktails for us to try!!! Chefs also came around the pool with food for you to try or you could go to the Barefoot Grill which had everything from burgers to ribs etc again couldnt fault this. Rooms - Rooms were lovely I would say they only come second to Iberostar Grand & it was very marginal. Air con worked perfectly for us no problems, ordered room service once & they came within the timescale given. Bed was very comfortable & got turndown service every night. The rooms were always cleaned very thoroughly, you could smell the polish when you walked in the room after the maid had been. We were very pleased with the room overall. Again only one minor complaint, the shower isnt that good, by the end of our 2weeks I had got used to it but was definately glad to get home & get a normal powerful shower without dancing around to get wet. It was very weak & the hot/cold wasnt that great to regulate but this was very minor, didnt bother me that much to complain or for it to stop us coming back to the hotel. Food - Never had a bad meal in any of the restaurants (we ate at all restaurants except Oceana) all food was really good & always enjoyed what we had. If I could make one recommendation it would be to stop putting the same weird sauce over alot of the meats - regardless of what restaurant you were eating in. I wouldnt go as far as saying it ruined any meal, however it was beginning to make me feel slightly sickly afterwards. Now dont get me wrong the slice of meats at say Bordeaux or Portofino are lovely however this sauce that they use on some of their dishes can be quite overpowering to the point you are trying to scrape it off. I think if they could do some more sauces it would be alot better & make such a difference to the enjoyment of the meal. Service - I think everyone has covered this in their reviews, service at this resort is superb. People always smiling, nothing seems to be a problem etc. Araceli in Coco Cafe is so nice & she makes a great cup of coffee lol! Gerardo at poolside always chatting & generally being very helpful. In our 2 week stay we experienced bad service twice & I will explain. 1st bad experience = Seaside Grill, now we stayed at Excellence Riviera Cancun last year & had 1 bad experience with service, this came in the form of a staff member called Antonio (waiter) and what happened this year...? Antonio has moved to Secrets to work lunch in Seaside Grill. Yup you got it, we got served by him at start of our holiday & obviously some things never change. He introduces himself like 2 or 3 times, forgets your order, you wait ages on your drinks/food etc not good & if you question anything he dosent really understand what you are saying. I got so frustrated one day because of our past experience the head waiter (also called Antonio) had to sort our order out & after that we were always seated away from him, thankfully. 2nd bad experience = Seaside Grill again (dinnertime) I honestly think this was caused by seating way to many people as we had already eaten here once before & couldnt fault it. We were left for about 1hr 1/2 before we got our mains for it to finally turn up and be cold & slightly wrong. When I questioned the girl why it didnt have the side order I asked for could I have it please she replied yes no problem, anyway it never came no apologies for the wait or it being cold nothing...so we left without desert and slightly angry. This was the only time this happened so im putting it down to an isolated incident. Anyways sorry for the long review. This hotel is definately worth trying if you are considering it, just book it you will have a great time!!! We hope to be back next year. Any questions at all just message me & i'll be happy to help.