This resort was top notch! I've been to Jamaica and Hawaii and our resorts there weren't as nice as this one. We booked a beach front suite, but when we checked in, they didn't have that room booked for us and there weren't any available, so they upgraded us to a honeymoon suite. WOW!!! A 1250 sq ft room with 2 bathrooms, living room/dining/kitchen, huge shower with 4 shower heads, extremely large balcony with a 10 person jacuzzi... it was great! Our room was always very clean. Maybe we had bad luck though, but some things didn't work quite right for us... our jacuzzi wouldn't work at first, so they had to fix it... our air wouldn't turn off or get warmer (it was freeeeezing) so they had to fix it... our ceiling fan would randomly go on and off... and our TV (okay this was weird) was being controlled by our neighbors with their remote. If it wasn't our neighbors, then our room was haunted, haha. All in all, those were very little annoyances and they didn't detract from our stay. We bought the preferred club and having the private check in and check out was nice, but it probably wasn't worth the money in my opinion. The main lobby area was never really that crowded anyway, so I couldn't imagine having to check in up there would have been much different than in the preferred lounge. The restaurants and food were very good. Even the serve yourself World Cafe buffet had better food than most restaurants I go to on a daily basis! The nicer restaurants serve you smaller portions, but it's ok because you're eating so much during the day that it's just the right size! Oh and the 24 hour room service was great.... really great food. I found myself randomly ordering food just because I could and it was free! The pool area was outstanding. Great pool to hang around and relax. Waiters constantly came around and got us drinks.... fruity drinks tasted weak and pretty sweet. I stuck to Coronas, so you can't go wrong with that. There was always food available around the pool area. One gripe is that if you went down there late morning, it was a little bit of a challenge to find lounges. One morning, every single lounge was taken or reserved and we counted about 75% of the lounges that were reserved but no one was around! We think people were reserving lounges and then going up for breakfast at the buffet. You're not supposed to do that, plus it's rude, so we weren't too happy with that.... but that didn't happen every morning. That leads me to my next point, the beach! If the lounges are taken, the beach is just as good! It's the most beautiful beach we've been to and it was great to hang out and just enjoy being out there. My wife and I got a couples massage (which isn't any different than a regular massage other than that you're next to each other in the same room - whoopee). The spa area was very clean and really nice to relax at. Our massages were wonderful. Just to be clear, this was a resort geared for couples who want to relax.... not a party resort. We heard that 80% couples there were newlyweds. They put newlywed sashes on your room door and we saw tons of them. A large majority of the couples were in their 20's too... it was mostly a very young crowd I'd say. This resort was very relaxing, there's plenty of stuff to do to keep you occupied, the food and service was great, and overall I was very impressed. I would definitely recommend this to friends and I would definitely go back there, although I like new experiences, so I might try a new resort next time.... new vacation, new resort, new memories... that kind of thing.