We stayed 7 nights in Secrets Maroma, and we were gutted to be leaving there! We Booked with Thomsons and had a lovely flight over to Cancun, we'd booked premuim so had a personnal taxi to the resort that took 25min. You'll drive down a long and bumpy road, and you may think 'where the hell are we going?' but after 5/10min you get onto a brick paved road and thats where luxury starts! We were welcomed to our 'home' and given a drink and cool face cloth. to my dissapointment it was raining when we arrived but because of the staff and the hotel atmosphere this did not affect the holiday at all. The rooms are stunningly fitted out with a king size 4 poster bed, jacuzzi bath, double shower, satalite tv and free mini bar. food - the food was stunning. for breakfast you goto the world cafe which is on the ground floor under the lobby, there is a huge choice of food for all taste's, we stuck with the crepe's filled iwth fresh fruit. We had the BBQ that was on going everyday come rain or shine by the pool, they did everything from burgers, chicken, fish, ribs...and the list goes on! If your worried about a la carte not being big portions, this hotel will prove that wrong. We ate in every restaurant, and enjoyed everyone, this is good as we are quite fussy eaters. The room service is brilliant, one day we decided to stay in our room for most of the day and we phoned up free room service and within 45min we were eating our food silver service style in the luxury of our bed! Drinks - pleanty to drink, and when by the side of the pool you do not have to move they will bring drinks to you all day. they even bring fresh fruit, ice lollies and snacks around for you. Staff - staff are very friendly and again cant do enough for you to make sure that your stay in secrets is a memorable and happy holiday. Despite any bad reviews you may read, and I dont think there are many...We would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a touch of luxury! As stated we were gutted to be going home after 7 nights we wanted to stay for longer. We enjoyed Secrets so much that we are thinking of returning after Christmas! Secrets Maroma Riviera Cancun, Best Holiday EVER!