We went to Secrets Maroma Beach for our honeymoon and it was everything we wanted and more. We both work in a sales and marketing capacity in the resort industry and know how difficult it is to consistently put together a quality product on a daily basis, especially from a customer service standpoint. At this resort the service and food is top notch; for an all inclusive resort of this size to do what it does day in and day out is nothing short of remarkable. We opted for the swim out room and it was the best decision we could have made! Just having your own pool (well, kind of...each building's pool is shared amungst 10 first floor rooms) outside of your patio door is so great. We were in building 15 right near sports bar so we would pop over there and grab a couple of cocktails later in the afternoon after the beach-to-pool bar migration and bring them back to our room to float (definitely bring down a couple of inflatable floats; we got a couple at Wal-Mart for like $5 each and they were awesome to have) in the pool away from everyone else for a little while. Some nights when we got home from being out it was nice to be able to hop in the pool with a beer. Bottom line is, the swim out rooms are so worth it. We ordered room service for breakfast every morning accept for one which made life even more relaxed than it already was. The buffet is huge; very comprehensive, but you have to be sat at a table and dodge the rest of the guests hovering around the food. The room service menu for breakfast has everything you could want, it takes about 30-45 minutes to come so we just called when we woke up and by the time it got there we were up with our bathing suits on. This is another time when the swim out room was great because eating breakfast on the patio was a fantastic way to start the day. Every restaurant at the resort was amazing, we did not have a bad experience anywhere. Every day around noon a whole stampede of staff members with chef hats on would come out with platters and carts loaded with different samples of food from all the restaurants and serve them to everyone around the pool and out on the beach. Totally sweet. The hibachi is wicked fun. The French is fancy and rich. The Italian is just plain good. The Mexican is really good. Lunch at the Seaside Grill (the steakhouse near the pool) is off the charts. At the bars you need to ask for Grey Goose or Don Julio, which is the best tequila they have at the bars, because they don't keep them on the shelves. The only issues we had with any of the service was that some of the bartenders, one in particular that was working both the lobby bar and dance club, were a little impatient and borderline rude. But that is super ticky tacky, they weren't bad enough to actually complain about. If you book through Apple Vacations, make sure you couble check the time of your transfer to the airport on the day of your departure! We had a pretty crumby experience with the rep we met with on the day of our arrival telling us our transfer was at 10:30am on our last day and to come back to see him the day before we leave to confirm everything. The rep then took the day off so I just had the concierge make sure our flight was still on time and assumed the transfer was good to go. We then get a call at 10:00am the day of our departure in the room from a different rep saying we were supposed to be ready to go at 9:30am. Long story short, she had to pay for a cab for us and another couple that experienced the "miscommunication". We would definitely go back again!