A van transporting 5 couples took us to the Secrets-about a 30 min cab ride from the airport. Arrived to cold champagne and friendly knowledgeable front desk agents who advised our swim-out room would be ready within an hour and we were given a beeper. The beeper didn't work however we managed to check in by 2pm which we did not mind since check in is at 3pm. Weather had apparently been bad for a few days prior to us arriving however we got lucky and had outstanding weather all week with a couple 5 or 10 minute rainfalls. Lobby, lobby bar and sunken area of lobby were all very clean and modern with great wait service for drinks. Resort was not all that grand looking however it was still very nice. Hotel was at 100% occupancy however it never felt overfully full-one day we culdn't find a chair and the pool staff quickly assisted and moved all of our belongings to our desired area with a smile. We were not honeymooning but almost everyone is so it is very romantic which we wanted! Beach: the beach about a 5 or 10 min walk to the deserted area on the right is outstanding and I have been to several beaches. The beach in front of the hotel had several angel fish waiting to be fed-totally fun and harmless. Wait staff on the beach was fast and they had a grill and huge paella/jumbalaya wok mechanism on the beach which was great. You never had to leave the beach for food as they would make burgers/hot dogs, ribs and nachos, guacamole. Service: Best service I've had in the mayan riviera and I thought they were nice at the Riu Palace. Very friendly however not every worker is consistently polite (barefoot grille). We never received a "no" from an employee and they always replied with "it's my pleasure". Room service: COCONUT ICE CREAM hello had it every day after the beach when we enjoyed our swim out! Room: we were on the ground floor with a swim out and I did see a few bugs on the floor in the washroom so requested the room got sprayed. Someone was spraying within 20 minutes. Very pretty room and comfortable bed! Drinks: MOJITOS are amazing and I didn't notice the drink quality was any better or worse on the beach than the lobby which is usually the case for all inclusive. Ordered top shelf ALL week long with no problem at all. Never had enough time to try every drink on the menu at the pool/beach and lobby. Great Desires nightclub that no one was really used even when there was a live reggae band. For me, last but MOST important... FOOD: Like most all inclusives, it depends largely on what you order. Customized our meals at almost every restaurant with no issues. White house chardonnay was pretty nice. OCEANA-we filled ourselves on grilled fish, grilled lemon garlic jumbo shrimps in and out of the shell, some baby lobster served as a garnish. BORDEAUX(french)-ate a grilled perfectly cooked veal chop 3 times that week! Yummy french onion soup and shrimp salad with dijon dressing. PORTOFINO(italian)-customized fettuccini pasta with gorgonzola cream sauce-very good. Caesar salad with home made delicious dressing and a nice lamb rack-I was always served 2 portions of the lamb and didn't ask for it. HIMITSU- we didn't make a reservation and sat at a small table and did not like the stir fry we ordered however the spring rolls were amazing-double orders of that. Sushi downright wrong as I am a sushi lover and tend to be quite picky-they should remove the sushi from the menu altogether at this hotel as it tastes NOTHING like the real thing. Never ate at El Patio(mexican). COCO CAFE-absolutely impressed by the cappuccinos and frappes at this cafe and the pressed paninis were great. Ches brought all types of desserts, shaved pork and chicken tacos stands, appetizers, popsicles around the pool and the beach. Only received turn down twice during our stay but we may have had our do not disturb on-who knows. Overall, if you are planning a honeymoon I say go for it. Just don't think the honeymoon suites are worth it-a swim out is highly recommended!