Every positive review here on tripadvisor.com is spot on. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. My wife and I went to Secrets Maroma Beach on our honeymoon from June 27-July 3. We caught the tail end of Hurricane Alex. It was not too terribly bad. We arrived in the morning and upon arrival, we were greeted with clean cool towels to pat the sweat from our brows, and a friendly and genuine, "welcome home" from the staff at the entrance. We forgot to get singles at home, and had a difficult time at the airport trying to change out $20's for singles, so we were pleasantly surprised that the concierge at the hotel was able to change out our currency so we had adequate tip money for the duration of our stay. We were guided to our room which was absolutely immaculate. Mini fridge stocked with soft drinks, water, and Coronas. The real beauty of the trip, aside from the scenery, the breathtaking beach, and the pools, were the staff. Nobody was ever too bothered to help with anything. Ximena (Not sure of the spelling) was wonderful. She was the concierge for our building, and we stayed in 1448 and my wife was ill the first couple days of our trip from either exhaustion, or a virus. We had a conversation with Ximena and in conversation, my wife related that she wasn't feeling well. We went to the pool and relaxed for a few hours and upon return, there were Gatorades stocked in the mini bar in our room. Ximena went on her own time into town and purchased Gatorade with her own money and had them delivered to our room to help settle my wife's stomach. There were many more times like this on our trip. We had a wonderful waiter named "Martin" at the World Cafe who made us wonderful Mayan coffee and it was amazing! We tipped him a fiver for his services and told him he made a memorable evening for us, to which he responded, "You made a memorable night for me, I can buy my daughter something nice now." Wow. Just such a great night we had. The concierge, Ignacio, was very helpful with many things including mini Spanish lessons :) Our last night we spent quite a bit of time with Beltran, one of the security guards. He spent time telling us about Mexican customs and traditions and we practiced our Spanish with him. He even escorted us to our room at the end of the night. We feel as if we made new friends on the trip. The food was as good as I hoped. The Italian restaurant has the best cut of meat on the resort. Fantastic! Room service was great too! I love the "Secrets box!" You have to try it! We were almost in tears when we had to leave. I'm not forthcoming with reviews on anything and have never given a review on any certain place or resort, but this place deserves a giant thumbs up. We can't wait to return. It was an absolute dream and made a VERY memorable honeymoon for us.