I can't do this resort justice, but I will give it a shot. We did loads of research on Trip Advisor in advance and this seemed like the best option. I think we were right. I traveled with my sister and two friends. Our priorities were:1. No kids, 2. Great beach AND pool and 3. All inclusive. They didn't dissapoint on any factor. I don't know about occupancy, but it seemed pretty all but our first day there. Here are some of the highlights: Rooms: While on the small side for a regular hotel, it was very nice and we spent very little time in it.. Some have mentioned a lack of privacy in the bathroom (there's a view window between the bathtub and the room). Since I was there with my sister, we didn't care. Our friends had a swim up room and that was fun for one night. The resort was pretty busy and we still found the room very quiet at night. Food: I like good food. This wasn't Paris, but it was much better than I expected. It was definitely better than what I expected from reading reviews. My sister has also been to a Dreams Resort (same company, but allows kids) and said that Secrets Maroma's food was a step above. We had great meals that I would be excited to get in a nice restaurant. The breakfast buffet is my idea of heaven. Beach: This is an AMAZING beach and totally worth the price increase from Secrets Capri, which I considered and passed up after reading reccomendations for "water shoes". These do not go with a bikini in my book. The sand was like sugar and the bar with swings for seats was a fun touch. Beachside service was great - props to Lydia! Pool: There was some chair saving, but it was not at all cut throat. We actually preferred the pool because we're lazy and liked the closeness of the water. Poolside snack service in the afternoon was also a bonus. We brought our own pop up rafts, which were the bomb, but those they provided were nice too. If you don't grab a raft by about 11 am though, you're probably out of luck. Activities: I didn't think I'd be into activities, but ended up doing several during the day. Rifle shooting was really fun! They had several evening activities that sounded fun, but we were more into dinner and hanging out. General Ambiance: This is a pretty modern facility that is in good shape. The lack of children was fantastic - nothing against children, but I was looking for peace and quiet. There were lots of honeymooners, which only led to a couple awkward pool moments. I didn't feel weird though, being there as a single. Service: The service here is impeccible. There wasn't anything they weren't willing to do. The people were nice, for the most part genuinely seemed to enjoy their jobs and appreciated my terrible Spanish. If everything else were mediocre, I would return just for the service.