My husband and I stayed 4 nights at Secrets Maroma Beach Resort in June. We had a great time! We arrived at 12:30pm, and found lots of people checking out ( a group of about 50 people) . After checking in, which took less than 5 minutes, we were told our room would not be ready until 3pm -- however, we planned ahead and packed our swimsuits in a tote bag, along with hats and sunscreen -- we were in the pool, having a drink within 15 minutes! (There are changing rooms, next to the pool.) Drinks are excellent -- they hand-crush the mint leaves, hand squeeze the limes for mojitos and pour premium liquors ! Margaritas were hand crafted as well --none of the "mix" stuff ! Dinners each night were a la carte -- we enjoyed the Italian restaurant , Portifino, best ! We sat on the outdoor patio, enjoying sunset views, wine, and dinner, professionally served, course by course. The entertainment staff works hard to provide interesting and fun activities throughout the day and evening. During the days we were there, we participated in an ocean kayak tour, a guacamole-making class, and a "Sharing Secrets" tequila tasting. All three were excellent experiences. Barbara, one of the energetic entertainment staff, is real "people person" -- Barbara got people involved and made the activities so much fun ! We loved the pool and beach at Secrets Maroma --- pool had lots of cushioned lounge chairs with umbrellas and pool floats for lazy enjoyment. The decking around the pool was cool to the feet -- a pleasant surprise. The swim-up pool bar was ''the'' popular place to be most of the day ! The beach, which has won awards as one of the best beaches in the world, lived up to the reputation! The white, powdery soft sand was cool to the feet. The ocean was a clear, pale turquoise, with soft, rolling waves , and the perfect water temperature -- very inviting. Palm thatched palapas with chaises were plentiful on the beach . We loved that this resort offers bar service ON the beach !! Ana, one of the bar staff, was so friendly -- she always had a big smile as she made regular trips to each lounge chair on the beach, offering to bring back our favorite drink ! Ana would go out of her way to make sure that we were "well taken care of " -- she even surprised us by bringing back a bucket of ice to keep our Pacifca and Dos Equis cold !! ( Keep in mind, it is 90-100 degres all day long, and Ana was always smiling .... !! Wow !! ) Another special feature -- the chefs would set up a BBQ grill and a giant wok, and cook lunch both on the beach and near the pool -- foods were fabulous ! ( My heart went out to them, cooking on hot grills, in chef's outfits, in 100 degree weather , all for our enjoyment !!) The spa at Secrets Maroma is extraordinary !! The spa facility is luxurious, and the treatments were excellent! We selected a standard room: junior suite with partial oceanview -- it was wonderful ! The bed was extremely comfortable, the huge marble bathroom, with jacuzzi tub for 2, and separate shower, divine! Each section of rooms comes with their own concierge, whose desk is located in that building -- if we ever needed anything, we just contacted him and it was taken care of. We have been to many all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean and Mexico -- Secrets Maroma is one of the best !