My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach for 5 nights June 8-13 to take a break from work and one and three year olds. We were looking for an upscale resort to relax and take a break from life. Preferred Club We had a 4th floor room in Building 26. It was a great location as it had great beach and pool views as well as close proximity to the preferred club. There have been mixed reviews about the preferred club being worth the extra $$. We really enjoyed it. The two things I enjoyed most about it are the following. First, the room location. This is what you're mostly paying for. The rooms are the closest to the beautiful beach. Secondly, I used the preferred club more than I thought. This was a nice place (with air conditioning) I could go to have a drink or check e-mail while my wife was getting ready for dinner without having to go all the way to the main building. The Beach As mentioned often the beach is incredible. The sand is white and powdery and the water is clear and blue. I could be neck deep in the water and still see my toes. This was by far the best beach I've been to in Mexico. The palapas were plentiful and I didn't find any broken chairs. The Food We thought the food was good. I really enjoyed my filet at the french restaurant. I'm from an area that raises a lot of beef and can say that the filet wasn't the best I've ever had but I really enjoyed it. After reading a tip on here I ordered the room services coconut ice cream and it didn't disappoint. It was some of the best ice cream I've had. The Service This is where this resort really stands out and it starts with their management team and runs right down to the cleaning staff. Two Examples, One day at the beach the beach grill was making a giant pan of paella. My wife and I wanted to go get some but by the time we made it to the beach, lunch was over. I asked our concierge when they would be making it again and it wasn't scheduled again until after we were leaving. He arranged for one of the restaurants to make it for us even though it wasn't on the menu. Example two, I called roomservice one day and wanted gatorade. For some reason they were out. I asked the cleaning lady and she told me she'd bring some tomorrow. She went to the store at night during her time off and bought 3 bottles for me and brought it the next day. Now that is service. We had a wonderful time and would recommend this resort to anyone wanting a nice and relaxing vacation.