My spouse and I stayed for 4 nights in June in a Preferred Club Ocean View Room (3rd floor) and we just loved every minute of it! The staff was very attentive to our needs. Food/drinks: - Restos: you do not need to reserve the a la carte restaurants... so convenient. And the food is soooo good - really. We loved the Oceanside restaurant by the pool for dinner, the Italian one was very good too. We liked the food at the French resto too, but found the ambiance a little too formal to our liking... but the food was great. - Room service: very good and we liked the privacy the "Secrets box" gave us. - In-room Mini-bar: we asked for our mini-bar content to be modified like a previous post had mentioned (we don't really drink beer and would have preferred wine), but the concierge said they no longer offer this service. But that's okay - we just got room service to bring the wine... - Drinks/food by the pool & beach: the waiters were coming by to offer us drinks & munchies (during lunch) every 20 min or so. Very nice!!! We have been to Sandals resorts before and we never even came close to receiving this level of service! - Bars: we enjoyed going to the Lobby bar for an apperitive before dinner. Nice ambiance with live piano/harp recitals. Staff would even remember us and bring our favorite drinks Spa: - Wow... did i say wow! I truly enjoy going to the spa every time i can (i've been to at least 25 spas over the years), and this was by far the best spa i have been to. I had an after-sun soothing facial (it did wonders!), a body wrap and a massage on 2 different days. Both therapists were extremely professional and attentive... Get there at least 1 hour earlier to enjoy the pool, jaccuzi and steam room. Rooms: - The bed is extremely comfy. - There's no door to the bathroom (as per previous posts). But we hung a blanket between the bathroom and the bedroom and it gave us enough privacy. We asked the concierge to put a privacy screen (as per previous post said to do), but the concierge said they no longer have them. - The AC gets the room down to 23 degrees Celsius. With the ceiling fan on, we slept very comfortably. Beach/pool: - what can i say, besides amazing!!! - there were always plenty of chairs available. - Landscaping is really nice and well-groomed Entertainment: - we saw the fire show (which we really liked) as well as the magician (who was somewhat funny). Both were entertaining. In conclusion: We would go back to this resort anytime - actually, we are already talking about it!