Just returned from Secrets Maroma Beach where we were there from Friday 6/11 to Friday 6/18. My wife and I loved the property and thought it was as advertised. The check in was very smooth. We arrived at the property about 11:00 am and our room was not ready, however they gave us a pager. We had some lunch and a quick look around the property before they got us into the room by 1:00 pm, a good two hours before the official check in time. This was our third all inclusive in five years. We thought all three were great, but SMB was our favorite. With planning the trip we used Trip Advisor and read many reviews. We thought the food was excellent, we ate at the Himitsu Restaurant twice, both times we made the reservation to sit at the grilling table a couple of days in advance, no big deal to get a reservation. We also liked the Oceano Restaurant and French Restaurant. Although not bad, we were not as crazy about the Italian Restaurant, which was surprising after reading other reviews. With the exception of the Himitsu Restaurant, we loved that no reservations were needed for dinner and we did not feel rushed to make a certain reservation time if we were having fun elsewhere. Like so many other reviews, we thought the grounds, beach and pool were gorgeous and well kept. My wife and I liked to hang out by the pool and the staff did a great job of coming around for drink refills and bringing snacks around in the afternoon. The resort seemed to have all age brackets of people with tons of honeymooners. We had a swim out pool room and absolutely loved it. Every afternoon about four or five oclock we would come back to the room and use the swim out pool for an hour or so, which was very clean and relaxing. We spoke with several couples you said that they wish they had gotten a swim out room. It appeared that unless you had a third or fourth floor room in one of the first couple of buildings next to the beach that an ocean view would had been very restricted. Just our observations, no first hand knowledge. Our maid service was great and we had no complaints. When the turn down bed service came in the evening, she would gather any dirty towels we left in the tub and do another quick pickup of the room, which we learned did not happen in every room, guess we were just lucky. We had room service for breakfast on five different mornings, which was great and always arrived within about 30 to 40 minutes, which was perfect. The secrets box is a cute touch that we did use a couple of times as when we were getting out of the shower it was nice to not have to open the door. The staff was super friendly and worked incredibly hard. We did not mind tipping as they definitely worked for the tips. We only left the resort one time, which was to go shopping in Playa Del Carmen, which was a $20 dollar cab ride each way. We went in the morning, before the heat and spent about 2 and a half hours downtown, which was enough. Try and hook up with another couple going to split the cab fare and it was nice to be in a group of four as some of the store owners and tour guides got a little pushy. I did think the workout facility was small for the size of the resort, three treadmills and three elliptical machines with a few weights. I had trouble getting a machine one morning and got there most days at 7:30 am. When people would arrive at about 8:00 am, it seems they would have to wait or just leave. All in all, a resort this size should have a bigger work out facility. A few tips that we think are helpful for any upcoming travelers: Bring a can cooler or insulated cup to help keep your drinks cold. Ladies should bring your own hair dryers as theirs overheat and dont work well. Bring some type of lip balm with sunscreen, we are tan, but lips got burnt quickly before we realized. Additionally, my wife brought plastic hangers in our luggage, the hotel had about 8 in closet, but with dress clothes the extra hangers were nice to have. Overall, we had an absolutely fantastic vacation without any significant complaints. We would definitely recommend this resort to family and friends, plus hope to make a return visit ourselves in the future. .