This was my fourth time to Mexico, all in the tourist area. I have always had fun, but this resort blew us away. We went for our Honeymoon. We truly felt like we were the most important people on the resort. Everyone is super nice and bends over backwards to make sure you are happy. One really cool thing about the resort is that it is separated into several small buildings. Each one is 4 floors and probably 8 to 10 rooms on each floor. Each building is assigned it's own concierge. This was the best. Luca, our concierge, treated us like we were best friends or family. He always remembered our names, which may not seem big, but no one ever says my name right. He would remember the different activities we participated in and ask us how they went. He even called us to make sure we made a reservation at the Japanese restaurant so we could get the whole experience, not just a dinner. This brings me to my next point. The down side of visiting an all inclusive is that all the food, no matter what you order, seems to have a mexican taste to it. Not that it's bad, but sometimes you just want a good steak , etc... It's just hard to eat like that for a week. The food here was amazing! There are several restaurants to choose from and all have an authentic feel and taste to them. My favorite was the Italian. You can choose from some meals on the menu, or there is a build your own where you can choose from about a dozen pastas, sauces, and meats. I had the spinach ravioli with gorgonzola sauce and chicken. It was ridiculously good. I also had steaks at some of the restaurants and they were some of the best I have ever had. I truly can't express how good it was , you really need to experience it for yourself. The rooms: Super Nice. If you look at the pictures they pretty much show everything but when you get there it really comes to life. Spacious, clean, romantic, everything you would want in special trip with your significant. There is a ginormous jacuzzi tub in the room. Ours had some dirty water come out of the jets, but we only tried it once and it's probably just because it hadn't been used recently. Besides that very minor issue, we have no complaints. Dress code: Not that it's bad but they do enforce a dress code at most of the restaurants. Guys need a collared shirt, long pants, and no flip flops to eat in doors at the restaurants. For girls they suggest skirts or dresses. If you eat outside there really isn't a dress code, but you almost feel out of place if you aren't at least wearing khakis and a polo. So make sure to bring plenty of nice clothes.