My husband and I just got back from Secrets Maroma Beach for our 1 year anniversary and we had a wonderful time! We went last summer for our honeymoon and just had to return! I'll break up the review in parts: Room: We had an ocean view room in building 15 which was wonderful! We had a great view of the ocean (see our pictures!). The rooms are very modern with marble floors and king size beds. The bathroom is very nice, just not very private. Our air conditioner broke on one of the days we were there, but we just called the reception desk and someone came right up and fixed it! I heard some complaints about the air conditioners not working well. I think you need to remember that it is very hot so the rooms won't get down to 60 degrees if that is what you are looking for. I was always very comfortable and our room was around 76 degrees most of the time. Staff: I cannot say enough about the staff! They are so helpful and friendly! Everyone always smiles and says "Hola" anytime you walk by-even the gardeners! The servers at the restaurants are amazing and looking to please. The maids do a great job at keeping the room clean and tidy (the even folded my husband's clothes for him that were on the bed!) and the turn down service was great! Beach: The beach is beautiful! My husband and I spent more time at the beach this time around and we are very happy about that. The ocean water was the perfect temperature and the sand is so soft. We walked a ways down the beach away from the other hotels and found it to be very peaceful. We swam in the ocean out that way and there was no one else around. Very nice. There is a bar on the beach with great drinks! My husband went on the kayak tour and had a lot of fun. I'm not much of a watersports person so I took the pictures :). Pool: The pools are very nice. They were perfect in the morning, but a little warm in the afternoon. They are only about 5 ft. deep so when the sun hits them all day, they warm up pretty quickly, but still very nice! The pools are huge and never crowded. People aren't rowdy so you don't have to worry about being splashed constantly. There was pool volleyball in one of the pools almost non stop, so if you don't like to just float, there are things to do in the pool (including BINGO). Poolside: There are a lot of chairs at this resort, but not a lot of umbrellas. We had to be at a chair by 9:00 am to get a chair by the pool with an umbrella. You cannot reserve chairs and they were taking towels and putting them away if you were not at your chair after a half hour. This mostly just happened early in the morning, so you could go down to the beach for a while and come back. The servers around the pool were very attentive and happy to get you new drinks! Food: The food was amazing! Our favorite was Himitsu - the Japanese restaurant. We never had a wait for a table but we ate a little early, around 7:30. If you went around 8 there would be a little wait, but you could just get a drink in the lobby bar while you wait! We mostly ate the Barefoot Grill for lunch. I loved to get nachos with cheese and jalapenos. My husband usually got a steak or chicken breast. It was all sooo good! Around lunch time, they will come around offering little bites of food, like sushi, quesadillas, ceveche, and even ice cream! That really made it special. We never ordered room service because at the end of the night, we could not eat another bite! You will not go hungry at this resort. Overall, Secrets Maroma Beach is an amazing place to go. I highly recommend it! I can't wait to go back! If you have questions, you can email me at mmerkle410@gmail.com.