My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma June 7-June 14 for our 10th Anniversary. The only other all inclusive Ive stayed at was Sandals Whitehouse in Jamaica and Secrets absolutely blows Sandals away. I think that with Secrets now having two resorts in direct competition with Sandals in Jamaica, Sandals is really going to have to step up their game before they are put out of business. Secrets offers so much more at a higher quality and a lower price. That being said we had an absolutely wonderful time at Secrets Maroma. Check-in was easy. We got there around 1:00 and our room wasnt ready so they gave us a pager and told us to go have lunch while we waited for the room. We went and had lunch and got a page around 2:00 that our room was ready. We were offered an upgrade for $80/night from a tropical view to a tropical view swimout, but we declined as we didnt feel that adding an extra $500+ to our trip was worth it just to get a semi-private pool we might not use. The rooms are very nice and really clean. This was probably the cleanest hotel room Ive ever stayed in. The bed was firm but comfortable. There we originally only two standard sized non-decorative bed pillows, which we thought was a little strange for a king-sized bed, but we later found extra pillows in the armoire. They must have an energy conserving motion sensor that cuts off the power when you leave the room because any time that we were gone for over an hour we would come back to our clock blinking 12:00. The A/C worked fine and the room was always cool. The entire resort, except for the main building, did lose power for a few hours the first few days. It didnt impact our stay much as we werent in the room, but we couldnt get any frozen or blended drinks while on the beach. We talked to a couple that had been there for a week and they said the power had been off six times during their stay. Not sure what the reason was for the power issue, we never got an explanation other than the beach waiters saying its off and we dont know for how long. The beach is awesome. It was our reason for booking this resort. Only had trouble finding a palapa on one day, Sunday, the beach was really crowded for some reason. Otherwise, we went down each day at about 10:00 and never had an issue. The water is clear and the sand is soft with no rocks. You can walk for a couple of miles in each direction. I would recommend walking to the south because the beach is cleaner and rock-free. Walking to the north towards Iberostar, the beach is very rocky with lots of trash and seaweed making it tedious to navigate through if you walked without watershoes like we did. There are quite a bit of angelfish in the water at the resort that swim up to you begging for food like dogs. They are very conditioned to being fed by the guests and once they figure out you dont have any food they move on. There was also a family of stray dogs that came to the beach each day around lunch looking for food. One of the beach waitresses got onto a guest for feeding the dogs one day because the resort doesnt want them hanging around for sanitary reasons. We did feel sorry for the poor dogs though because the puppies looked really skinny and sickly. The service on the beach was hit or miss. Wed have a great server one day and be close to ignored on the next. We did tip 20 pesos for each round of drinks and it didnt seem to make a difference on service level. The level of service seemed to depend on where you sat. The palapas near the hut where they give the massages on the beach seemed to get the best service. Never saw any chefs bringing snacks down to the beach; that only seemed to happen around the pool. The pool area is very pretty and thats about all I can say as we never went to the pool. I had no desire to visit the pool as we traveled to this specific resort for the beach. It baffles me as to why someone would travel to a location like this on one of the top 10 beaches in the WORLD and sit around a pool all day. Sorry, but I can do that at home anytime. The food overall was good. The only restaurant that we werent that impressed with was the Seaside Grill. It was just ok. Aside from Bordeaux, which we didnt get around to visiting, we did eat at all the others and came away saying, Wow, that was really good. Where when we stayed at Sandals, we thought the food was very mediocre, cafeteria quality food. The Entertainment was well...entertaining. We only went to two shows, the Rock Show and the Magician Show. The band at the Rock Show was a very good cover band. Some of the dancing and additional theatrics were a little corny. I think it would have been better if the band just played a concert and they left the goofy dancing stuff out. It was fun though. The Magician, Dante, was funny and talented. There were definitely several tricks that you left saying, "How'd he do that?". The service overall I would say was good. We only had one server that was painfully slow at El Patio. The couple across from us sat there for 30 minutes before he even took their order. All of the staff members we encountered were very nice and friendly. Everyone spoke English very well. We only left the resort twice. Once to go to Xel-Ha, and once to shop in Playa. Xel-ha was very fun and definitely a great place to go if you like to snorkel. I dont know if Id do the Playa shopping experience again other than to be able to get souvenirs at a good price. Everyone was really pushy on selling to the point where theyd start wrapping stuff up before you said if you really wanted it or not. Ive never seen this level of aggressive selling in the past. I tried to put off some of the souvenir shopping until the airport because so many people have said recently that the airport has the same prices or cheaper. This is not true! The only thing we found this time to be at the same price or cheaper was the alcohol. Otherwise everything was waaaay overpriced. All in all Secrets Maroma is a great resort. Dont hesitate to book it as youll be hard pressed to find anywhere better!