My wife and I spent our honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach from May 21-31. We chose SMB based off the tripadvisor reviews, and the fact that it is known for its beach, which is a big selling point to us. Other all inclusives we have visited are the Majestic Colonial in Punta Cana, Couples Negril, and Beaches Turks and Caicos. I would have to say that SMB edges out each of these, and really delivers a true 5 star experience. Rooms: Higher end for a Caribbean all-inclusive. Very similar to Majestic Colonial, but a bit nicer. Open concept bathroom and very nice sized jacuzzi tub. The Secrets Box is great for room service. Plenty of storage for clothes. We had a non-preferred swimout. The swimouts are worth it if you ask me... just adds an extra dimension. It's nice to know that you always have the option to head back to your semi-private pool at the end of a long beach/pool day. Didn't see the need for preferred club... we were in building 24, which was near the preferred club anyway, so we were able to pick up wifi in our room. Food: By all-inclusive standards, awesome. Portofino was our favorite. If you eat anything at an all-inclusive that you can't match or surpass at a restaurant near you, you don't know the right restaurants, but the coconut ice cream at SMB is an exception to that rule. We went to Beaches Turks and Caicos, a very expensive family oriented resort, but SMB's food was better. If you don't like the food here, don't go to an all-inclusive. Breakfast buffet was great. Barefoot grill for lunch was solid. Only meal we didn't really enjoy was BBQ theme night buffet at the World Cafe. There's something for everyone and they really have no problem with you ordering something that isn't on the menu... they'll do anything they can for you. Beach: Awesome. Wide with white sand and no rocks. Surf is moderate... the first few days were windy and it was a bit choppy... the rest of the time it was pretty calm. Almost no seaweed... angel fish will swim circles around you as they've been conditioned to getting food from people... pretty cool. All in all, this beach is very comparable to Punta Cana or Eagle Beach in Aruba in terms of being wide, gorgeous, and having moderate to light surf. Not bath water calm like Negril, but not as choppy as Turks and Caicos. Definitely among the best in the world. If you walk down the beach to the left you pass Catalonia, then Maroma Resort by Orient Express, then an abandoned resort. You eventually come to the Iberostar complex, starting with the Grand. The beach is rockier there. A point of contrast between SMB and the Grand, which is probably the closest direct competitor in the area in terms of being a true 5 star chain resort: The Grand looks almost too gawdy and opulent, with a huge Roman inspired building fronting the beach. It all looks very nice but you could drop that resort into Vegas and it wouldn't be out of place... at SMB you get the luxury while still having the feel of actually being in Mexico. Service: Excellent. We've had great service at every all inclusive we've been to, but SMB may have the edge here. The fact that each building has a concierge really helps. Lots of people didn't tip, which is a shame. These people don't make much money, but they deserve to. How much money would you make if you could speak a minimum of 2 languages while providing great service with an upbeat attitude in 90+ heat everyday? I sit in an air conditioned office and write reviews on tripadvisor, and I can barely master one language... these people deserve my money more than I do. Grounds: Pools are nice. Pretty large infinity pool and than another large pool with the pool bar and the activities. They set up natural looking rock outcrops along the pool, which is a home for iguanas, which are cool to look at. If you go behind buildings 20-24, along the perimeter walkway and bring some food and whistle, some coatis may come out to see you. Overall the resort has a great mix of elegance mixed with a more laid back natural feel. Get drunk and lay in the hammocks. Excursions: We did Xel-Ha, Xplor, and the Catamaya cruise. Xel-Ha was fun... you can defnitely spend a full day there. Xplor was fun too, but we just took a cab so we didn't have to spend a full day... you can do most of it quicker than that and still get back to enjoy the beach in the afternoon. The Catamaya is a cat cruise with snorkeling. It was a lot of fun, and definitely has a booze cruise vibe to it. That was cool with us, but if you're looking for a refined sailing experience, it may not be for you. I can definitely see us returning here one day. We still like to try new destinations, but if we return to Riviera Maya, I can't imagine a better place to stay. If you're looking for a great honeymoon type spot, and you want a real high end place, and you love the beach, this is the place to go in Riviera Maya.