First off, It is amazing how many people are using TripAdvisor to research their potential destinations. Whenever we asked couples at the resort how they found Secrets Maroma, almost everyone used TripAdvisor. We used TripAdvisor to research a hotel in the Mayan Riviera area and kept coming back to this one. Yet, there were reviews that made me concerned. We travel a good bit and like to stay at nice hotels with lots of amenities. After a recent horrible experience at an all-inclusive in the Dominican, we were leary of doing another all-inclusive. Do not be leary of this hotel, it is all that and a bag of chips.....literally. We read reviews talking about how bad the food was. I cannot comprehend how someone can say that about Secrets Maroma. From the room service to the beach service to the grill to the restaurants, we never had a bad meal. The servings were large and we could order as much as we wanted. If you are worrying about the food, stop worrying. It is really good, and plentiful. The rooms are wonderful. The beds are great and extremely comfortable, we slept great all week with no problems. The rooms were plenty cold, especially if you kept your doors closed. Tip: if your room is warmer than you would like, it is probably because you entered right after room service. The housekeepers have to keep the door open as a policy. If it is an issue, you can ask for the doors to be closed during cleaning. We did encounter mosquitos towards the end of the trip, but bug spray made that a non-issue. You just have to make sure to bring it with you around the resort and to dinner. The beach and pools are as-advertised. Gorgeous. The reviewers are right, the chairs and floats do get hoarded and taken early, which would be my biggest complaint for the resort. They have written rules of no hoarding, but no enforcement. With a little patience, a comfortable place can easily be had. The beach service folks were incredible. Tip: When you get to the resort and work with the service staff, challenge them early. You will be surprised what they will do to make you happy. We didnt realize we could get sushi on the beach till the last couple days, but once we knew, we took advantage. The service is really incredible and probably is the difference between this resort and other resorts we have traveled to. We never heard the word "no". And every task was followed by a "my pleasure" and a smile. Tip: Give tips. The staff at the resort earns between $3-$5 a day. I find that absurd, but the economy is so tough that there is a waiting list to be hired there. If you tip for good service, you will make a friend for life and expect the service to go to a whole other level. After a tip, the service group would take a bullet for you. No joke. For folks taking girlfriends, be prepared. This is a major honeymoon destination. I would guess that over 50% of the people staying there were honeymooners. If you are a couple not married, be prepared to be asked a lot if you are honeymooning.....from everybody. In summary, this resort is fabulous. If you are looking to recharge your batteries or find a romantic getaway with an incredible beach and outstanding service with unlimited amounts of phenomenal food, stop looking. It is here.