This was my wifes and I second trip to Secrets Maroma. Its hard to put into words the awesome experience we had again! We were there in May of 09 and had gone to a different resort in October. Needless to say, our stay at the other resort wasnt nearly as good as Secrets. Truth be told, Secrets Maroma is a stellar resort with a fantastic staff. The people here make this resort what it is. Not only is the beach superb (with miles of beach north and south to walk),upon returning there was a handful of resort staff that remembered us. Talk about not feeling like just another gringo! They made us feel like we were amongst friends and family! When we arrived they were having air conditioning issues resort wide. We were offered some choices, either relocate us to a sister resort or upgrade our room. We opted for the upgrade since we were set on staying there. The room was great, a swim out in building 16. The a/c was fixed within two days. Roberto was our concierge. I cannot praise him enough. He always had a smile and warm greeting for us. We got to know him pretty well. We discussed family, career, and motorcycles. He even convinced us that driving in the area wasnt as bad as we had thought. We ended up renting a car for the day, which was loads of fun. The food was great and the staff at the restaurants was just as impressive. Jamie, Guiermo and the others really made dining a pleasure. They had such open personalities; it was like weve known them for years. Margarita at the omelet station was there last year. A quite woman, but she always had time to say hello to us, even when she was busy making omelets or passing out ice creams near the pool. She is a fantastic woman and we greatly appreciated all the extra attention she gave us. I cant stress enough how wonderful the entertainment staff was. Marcelo, the Staff Supervisor, had remembered us from last year. His infectious personality was at work on the beach, the theater or late at night in the disco! There were also a few new faces on the staff, Barbara, Karla, Giovana, and Luise. Secrets couldnt have picked more friendly people! Again, it was like we knew them for years. If you are looking for a resort to go to, give Secrets Maroma a try. Get to know the staff and you too will be ranting and raving about your stay!