Just to give you some perspective both my husband and I have traveled a lot to both All-Inclusives resorts, regular hotels, rented homes & condos, traveled as a couple, with friends to 3,4 and 5 star hotels in Mexico, Europe and Africa. We flew Aeromexico non-stop from ORD direct flight with Apple vacation package. We purchased the business class seats which were somewhat comfortable. Although food was provided to all passengers they did seem indifferent to serving passengers. Not totally unfriendly just more robotic like this is just a job. Flight was on time great! Very clean planes! They did not serve more than one round of refreshments which I thought odd. Yes, it was a 3 hour flight but....? Flight on the way back had one Attendant sitting reading a newspaper for most of the flight but I am not his boss. They also allowed all passengers to use the business/first class bathroom and that was one of the smallest ones I have ever seen. It got a bit stinky pretty quickly. They tried to tell my husband to go to the back of the plane to use it and he insisted they tell the others who were not in that cabin to do so and then the Flight attendant started telling people they had to go the back of the plane. I thinks she made a mistake and realized she should have said something to the other passengers in the beginning but some of them had children and that's tough traveling with kids. Still not sure how they could even change a baby in there unless they were Houdini. Still it was on time and very clean and that's more then I can say for AA or United. Secrets/Maroma Greeted with a cold towel and champagne. Very quick check in offered us an upgrade for additional cost and we accepted. Room was not ready until after 3:00pm so we headed for the beach grill and relaxed near the pool had a great fish lunch with a view of the ocean. Rooms Outstanding! Comfortable beds(except the sheets a little scratchy for an upscale resort), Pillow menu, lovely mini-bar, replenished daily without any urging. They also had robes(only would fit Kate Hudson) and slippers. LCD screen, wifi, His and hers closets. Great Balcony with a little jacuzzi tub. Great View. Bldg.16 Bathrooms Great marble and lovely traditional decor mixed with modern asian flair. My only concern and this is also for the all the new swanky modern resorts cropping up like Aura(stayed their last year) in Cozumel is that the lack of privacy with the tubs opening into the rooms. Keep in mind if your partner overindulges or gets sick you get to share in the experience. I urge all Interior decorators and architects to rethink this choice and this layout. Being in the biz I can tell you bathrooms need privacy. Beach - This is what Mexico use to be before the hurricanes. Perfect. No rocks. Shallow clear and lovely. Long wide beach to walk on lovely soft sand. Best Beach Ever! Very romantic. Food-Most of it outstanding especially the grills for fish, Italian, excellent, Mexican fiesta outside was also outstanding. The Mariachi singers and the show was fun and authentic. We met a lot of great people. Breakfast was large and plentiful. Even had smoothies. Watermelon juice my favorite, We did not care for the Mexican restaurant. They should stick to the regional, authentic cooking like at the fiesta instead of the artfully prepared. I love artfully prepared food that tastes good but this was not done well. No flavor and when I go to Mexico I want authentic food. We did go to the French which was OK but Oceania was our favorite along with the Italian. Never made it to the Pan Asian but we heard it was great! Pool - Great but we spent most of the time at the beach. Great bartenders and waitstaff. Prompt service, attentive to making sure you hand was never empty. Beach Service, Room service, Concierge Service(Roberto/Jimena) the best, Everyone went out of the way to make us and everyone happy. This is how I remember our first trip to Mexico. No hassles. Relaxing, being treated like you're the most important person. Very friendly service and generous people. All the staff here works overtime and are good at what they do. Tipping is not required but every morning this woman cooked my husband and myself an omelet to perfection. Sweating, tossing them, cooking waffles at the same time incredible. They all took the time to take care of any wishes, concerns or problems. They go out of their way to see your that your satisfied. We had a problem with our A/C one day. It was shut off(I personally think this is a way to conserve energy). They said it would be back on at 5-5:30pm and it was. They had mosquitos and they sprayed everyday. I will tell you take bug repellant because no matter how much they spray you still need it if there is no wind blowing. This a place to do nothing or activities. We chose to mostly do nothing except, drink, eat, walk up and down the beach, read, sleep and otherwise enjoy one of out most favorite countries in the world. My only request for my next visits is please install more Palapas on the beach. Far too many of us had to crowd into one and 4 is the max. Secrets Maroma beach is "Bonita". We hope to come back very soon.