Secrets Maroma is first class all the way. Upon arrival they opened our shuttle door and warmly greeted us with a "welcome home." They provided cool towels and champagne while we checked-in and our bellhop pointed out all major areas of interest as he carted our luggage to our room. The grounds were immaculate and we observed staffers maintaining even the most minute details during our 8-day stay. Not that I'm a total germophobe but I did catch them cleaning the buttons to the elevator and door knobs which made me smile. Maids would turn down our beds every day and make sure our mini-fridges were stocked (gotta love all inclusive). Room service was prompt (we had snacks twice and breakfast once) and the food was great. Each of the themed restaurants were wonderful (we tried them all) and our waiters spoke English and Spanish to my wife and I. The pool and surrounding areas are comfortable: we laid out on rafts, lounge chairs and in hammocks. The staff serves drinks poolside and on the beach and chefs bring around samples during the day. The shows were mostly good: the hypnotist show was a little lackluster but that was primarily due to poor audience participation; the rock and American idol shows were fun. I also saw people watching movies in the area they had the aforementioned shows in, like Avatar and Invictus. We hit the disco one night and they poured us shots they lit on fire so needless to say we made some new friends that night. We ordered a (non dirty) movie in our room for $15 but they also had HBO and other paid movie and cable channels on our LG flat screen TV. The room itself was incredible: enormous comfy bed (you can even choose the type of pillows you use), hot tub, two person shower and sinks. The toilet has a glass door which, while looking good, is really a design flaw. Just what honeymooners want to hear is their new spouse using the john. The alarm clock had an iPod dock so we could listen to John Mayer, Sade, whatev. Free Wi-Fi in the room (I had homework so that was a lifesaver). There were enormous lizards sunbathing on rocks by the pool which was really neat. Attractions weren't far so although you feel isolated it's extremely simple to catch a cab or bus to see the ruins, zip line or whatever you're into. We booked some stuff though their travel services and some before we arrived. The spa was off the hook! They treat you like kings and queens. Wifey had a deep tissue and I had a sports massage. Before you do that though you hit the sauna, steam room and these special massaging pools and hot tubs. This was the best hotel I've ever stayed in and if I go back to Cancun I intend to stay at Secrets again. It really made me want to check out other Secrets hotels because this experience was world-class.