My husband and I are in our thirties and visited Secrets Maroma from May 16 - May 23. This was our third time to Cancun and the fourth resort in the Cancun area we have stayed at. Other resorts we have stayed at include Secrets Capri, Excellence Riviera Maya, Royal Hideaway and Sandals Whitehouse (Jamaica). Aside from Sandals Whitehouse (don't waste your money at a Sandals resort), all of these are excellent and it's hard to chose a clear #1 because they all have different advantages, however we both agreed if we had to chose one to come back to it would be Secrets Maroma. Rooms: We stayed in building 24 room 2448 and were very happy with it. We paid for a standard Oceanview room and I believe that we got one of the best rooms possible for that category. We were on the 4 floor and had a nice view of the ocean. However, the roof of the Oceana restaurant is huge and blocks a good portion of the view pool and ocean unless you are in a preferred club room. I leaned during our stay that rooms ending in an odd number have beds that face the ocean. It would have been nice to have a bed that faced the ocean, but it wasn't a deal breaker for us since we don't spend much time in the room. Amenities included shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, q-tips and a shoe polisher. There is a hairdryer available and it was actually quit powerful and was fine to use for the week. Pool: Pools were beautiful and well maintained. They do have a "no reserving chair policy" and I actually saw it being enforced for the first time at any resort. They have pool attendants at the pool early and if they see someone putting down their stuff and then walking away for breakfast they do let them know they can not reserve the chairs. However, I only saw them remove someone's belongings once and it was after they had been gone for 2 hours, not 30 minutes. But at least they are trying. We usually got to the pool by 9am and had no problem finding good chairs. I can not speak for the beach since we didn't layout by the beach. Beach: Was the best we have ever been too! And is described perfectly in the other reviews. This is one of the main reasons we'd return to Secrets Maroma. Service: Unbeatable! Poolside service was the best we've ever experienced. By the time your drink was half gone they were asking if you wanted another one. You can order food and they will bring it to you by the pool or beach. This is often what we did for lunch. There is a small lunch buffet near the pool and beach, but I didn't find the food to be that great and preferred to order off of a menu. We tip a lot, but this did not influence the quality of service. We just feel that they are working their tails off and deserve to be compensated. Service in the restaurants was also wonderful and all the employees are very friendly. Food: It was excellent! I don't understand why people complain about the food in some of these reviews. Sure, the Mexican restaurant is not authentic Mexican, but if you go in with the expectation that you're not going to get Mexican, but you might get a great steak then you will love it. My favorite restaurants were the Italian, French and Mexican. I wasn't a big fan of Oceana or the Steakhouse. We also tried the Caribbean buffet one night and were not impressed. I also believe I got food poisoning that night which lasted 24 hours, so I would recommend staying away from the buffet. One thing that is not mentioned often in reviews is the CoCo cafe. It had great lattes, espresso and coffee. The only problem is it doesn't open until 11am and most people prefer to have their coffee in the early morning. Entertainment: We went to a few of the shows. The best one was the new Rock show. It was amazing and a must see when you are there!!! We also saw the "Secrets Idol" and the "Drums and Fire" show. Both were good. Overall, I'd say the entertainment was the best we had seen at Secrets Maroma. Cons: It's hard to find anything negative about this resort. But if I had to chose something it would be the gym. Too small for the size of the resort. They should have another room available for stretching, yoga mats, weight lifting, etc. I enjoy working out on vacation but not at this gym. I made it there 3 times and that was enough for me. In comparison to other resorts I didn't think the actually property (aside from the beach) was as pretty and eye catching as other places we'd been to. Overall this is a fantastic resort with wonderful service, food and an amazing beach. We usually like to try different places, but I have a feeling we will be back to this resort. The level of service and the beach and cannot be beat!