This was the BEST place we have ever stayed in my life!! My husband and I came to Secrets Maroma for a second honeymoon because our first was sooooo horrible, and we were very happy!! The room was beautiful, very big, very comfortable bed, and amazing views from our balcony. If you are shy in any way you might not like the room because there is not much privacy, but it didn't bother us. The food was fantastic, I recommend the Barefoot Grill (I think that is the name of it) by the pool for lunch!! The pool was fantastic, warm and very clean! The hotel was 100% full when we stayed and we still found somewhere to lay by the pool, however If you want a good spot get there first thing in the morning. The entertainment was great, we had so much fun that we went to the theater every night that we were there, the entertainment staff was soooo much fun!!! The drinks were to die for and they had anything and everything you could want! The beach was my favorite part, the sand was pure white and sooooo soft. No rocks or hard pieces anywhere on this beach! The water is so warm and you can snorkel for free!! Take some bread out with you and the fish will eat it right out of your hands!! I would recomend that you pay a little extra for the tour from this resort and they will take you out to the reef to snorkel, awesome!! We didn't go to the spa at all because we didn't have that much extra money to spend! I would say that if you are planning on going to the spa at all be prepared to spend at least $130 to $200, or more, per person! I can't say enough about the staff!! We have never been treated better! When we arrived we were greeted at our van and the staff took care of our luggage and we recieved a cool towel and a glass of champagne (we paid for the prefered club, well worth it). After check-in we were escorted to our room and they brought our luggage up for us!! We had a mini bar that had alcohol for mixed drinks, beer, waters, soda, juice, and snacks that was stocked every morning, and room service 24 hours that is fast and yummy! We had a room on the 3rd floor and we loved the view, but I think next time we would like to try one of the swim out suites! Also, the resort is kinda fancy at night. Pack some nice clothes for dinner. The ladies had dresses and high heels or fancy filp-flops and the Men wore nice pants and a nice shirt. You can still wear shorts and flip-flops to eat but you have to sit outside! **Pack bug spray and biodegradable sunscreen!!!The only thing that I was upset about was that we didn't stay longer!!! I give this place two thumbs up!!! I would recommend anyone stay here, you will NOT be disappointed!!