After lengthy research and much debate, we decided to spend our honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach. From the moment we got there we were treated like royalty. Cool towels to ease the blistering afternoon sun. A ride to our personal check-in attendant, and then an escort to our room where Roberto showed us everything in the room and how it works. Everything was more than we had expected. The room was quite large, the room service was prompt, and the food was really good (except the hamburgers - not worth trying). The swim up pool was an excellent choice. We commented through out the week that if we had not gotten a swim up, we would have been looking down with envy! The beach was beautiful white sand, and the water was warm and crystal clear. There is not any development to the south, so there was lots of open beach for walking. However, there were several resorts to the north so that was more crowded. It made us glad we were staying at Secrets. We didn't partake of the public pools since we had our own. We ate at most of the restaurants, but our favorite was the Sea Side grill. Nothing against the others, it just had the best view of the ocean. All the restaurants we ate at (Portofino, El Patio, World Cafe, Himitsu, and Sea Side) were great! They even made special chicken tacos with soft taco shells when requested, and a special chocolate, coconut, strawberry ice-cream desert when I requested. The ice cream is the best. We wish we had discovered it sooner in the week! The strawberries and coconut tasted like they picked it that morning and made the ice-cream. If strawberry ice-cream tasted that good in the states, I'd eat it here, but chocolate is my weakness. The staff was always very nice. Roberto knew us by name, and would always ask if we needed anything when he saw us. The chairs around the public pools always looked occupied with towels, but we didn't see them before about 2 in the afternoon. Early in the morning, the staff placed a rolled up towel on each chair. That way you don't have to bring your towels from the room, and you can tell which chairs are available. However, by 2 all the towels were spread out, but not all the chairs were occupied. It was difficult to tell if some people had left their chairs for the day, or if they were just in the water, or in the restroom, or getting some food. We were glad we didn't have to deal with that part of the resort. The resort never looked full. We couldn't figure out if it really wasn't full, or if it was designed so that it doesn't look full or crowded. We never waited to get a table to eat. We stayed from Sunday to Sunday, and on Tuesday the air-conditioning started to not work as effectively. Roberto told us that 2 of the 3 chillers were down, and they were working on a solution. They didn't fix it by the time we left, but our room only got up to 79 once, and it stayed around 77 most of the time. Roberto offered to move us to another hotel (presumably Secrets Silver Sands). We didn't like the idea of moving in the middle of the week, and we had looked at Silver Sands, and had chosen Maroma for several reasons. We were not phased by the loss of 68 degree air-conditioning, and we had a great week. 77 may not sound very comfortable, but when it's 90 outside, 77 is pretty nice. Roberto even arranged for an additional fan to be left in our room on Thursday night. We had not idea he had done that until we got back from our romantic dinner on the beach. The turn down service had already been there, and they made 2 swans out of towels on the bed, and had drawn a bath for us and rose pedals lead the way to the bed. We are glad we didn't change resorts! The mosquitoes were a force to be recconned with. They were only bad in the evening, but they were bad. We killed several in our room all week. When we went to the open air theater at night, we asked for mosquito spray, and they gladly gave us either a can of OFF of a couple packets of OFF wipes. Same was true at the restaurants, and the Cinco de Mayo festival on the pool deck. I don't know if the mosquitoes were bad because of the time of year, or if they are always that bad. It wouldn't hurt to pack some OFF wipes if your planning on going. Even with the air-conditioning, and the mosquitoes (the only two items that could possibly be considered as negatives, but were vastly out weighed by the positives), we would stay there again in a heartbeat. It was a little more than the other resorts we looked at, but it was worth it! It has raised the bar for our vacation expectations.