I cannot say enough good things about this resort. It was absolutely gorgeous! My husband and I had booked this trip last year for our honeymoon, but the dreaded swine flu hit the week before we got married. We decided it would be safer to cancel, and re-book the next year, so we finally got to go, and it did not disappoint. We were able to keep the honeymoon package we would have gotten had we gone last year, and we were treated just like honeymooners with the sash on our door. We booked the preferred club junior ocean view suite in building 16, which was beautiful, and our concierge Roberto was wonderful! Check-in was a breeze, the preferred club was definitely worth the money, and we got champagne while we waited. There was also a bottle of champagne chilling when we got to our suite. Needless to say, it didn't last long. The grounds are lovely, the people are friendly and helpful, and the pool is so much fun. I was a little disappointed with the infinity edge pool since I couldn't even see the ocean from it, which I thought was the whole point. It should have been elevated because all we could see were sand hills and plants when we were in it. I also wished that they could have joined the two pools so you didn't have to get out, and get back into the other one just to get a drink at the pool bar, but that was a minor inconvenience. We never had trouble finding the mats to float on, or chairs under an umbrella. If there were towels there, but no other evidence of people (bags, shoes, sunblock, etc.), we just moved the old towels, and took the chairs. I'm not a beach person, but the beach was lovely too. I would highly recommend taking advantage of the spa. The hubby and I got a couples massage, and were able to use the hydrotherapy circuit beforehand. It was one of the most relaxing parts of our vacation. We also loved the Sugar Reef sports bar with the tables in the water. It was so relaxing to sit there after dinner, drink, and cool your feet in the water. We met some really nice people there, who we remained friends with through the duration of our stay, and exchanged contact information with so we can keep in touch. As far as the restaurants go, our favorite was Portofino. We ate there three times! We liked Seaside Grill, Oceana, and Himitsu as well, but if you go to Himitsu, make a reservation for one of the habachi tables. I would also recommend telling them, before they seat you, that you have a reservation for one of those tables because they tried to sit us at an ordinary one. We had to clarify that we did have a reservation, and they moved us. Sadly, we weren't able to use our romantic dinner on the beach portion of our package because it was extremely windy in the evenings. I didn't feel like having to worry about my food flying off the table in a strong gust, so we just went to Portofino again that night. One other thing that we had an issue with was the fact that three of the nights we were there, we had to deal with all the vendors that line up to bug you on your way to dinner in the main building. Everytime we had to pass through there to go anywhere, we would get pestered to buy something, and they don't like to take no for an answer if you're not interested. That should be more limited to once or twice a week at the most...not three times. All in all we had a great time, and will definitely visit another Secrets resort. We may go to the new Cap Cana one next time since we've been to both the Capri and Maroma already. I hope this review is helpful to someone out there.