We just returned from a one week stay at Secrets and it was by far the best all-inclusive hotel. We had some minor issues at the Cancun airport as our flight arrived with several other incoming flights. I would definitely recommend scheduling your arrival before noon to beat the long lines at immigration. Once we arrived at the hotel, the staff immediately took care of everything and made us completely forget about the awful 3 hour ordeal at the airport. Since we arrived a little late our room was ready and they took our bags right away to the room while we checked in. Once we were unpacked we headed right to the pool to catch some sun before the end of the day. Everything about the resort was simply perfect from the interior design of the main areas to the landscaping all around to the gourmet food. To better describe each piece: Rooms: We had a partial ocean view on the second floor in bldg 23. It was the perfect distance from both the lobby area where most of the restaurants are to the pool area. Even though we were on the second floor we had a great view. The swim out rooms seemed like fun but we did not see them being used too often. The rooms were unbelievable clean. We happened to walk by another room being cleaned after a guest had checked out and the rooms were scrubbed from top to bottom. The rooms were also very spacious and beautifully decorated. I enjoyed just sitting out on the balcony in the mornings watching the sun come up. The maid service was also amazing with a turn down service at night that added an extra touch. We took advantage of the room service which was extremely fast and the food was great. Pool/Beach: The pool was amazing with plenty of seats and shade. Waiters came around often to provide drinks and food. There was also great food available for lunch buffet style at the barefoot grill. The beach was amazing although it was a little windy for a few of the days which made the waves a little larger than normal. There is also waiters that come around the beach lounge chairs and a food cart that sets up for lunch with burgers and a different type of stir fry. Restaurants: All of the food was great. My favorite was Himitsu and Oceana. I would definitely recommend making a reservation as soon as you arrive for the main table at Himitsu so you can enjoy the Hibachi show, it fills up fast. You don't need to make reservations for anything else and we were able to be seated immediately. There were also several outdoor parties while we there with live music and shows with buffet style food. I would recommend these as they were alot of fun and the food was great plus you get to meet other people at your table. Other: The entertainment was excellent with plenty of things to choose from all day long. We went to almost every nightly event and really enjoyed it. The stargazing party on the beach was unbelievable with a very talented acoustic guitar player and singer. I would recommend bringing a light sweater for women as the nights were slightly chilly with the wind. Definitely bring lots of sunscreen as you don't want to get stuck having to buy it from the gift shop as it tends to be more expensive. We never had any problems with mosquitos as they seemed to take care of this every night. They provided you with enough bottled water that you didn't need to worry about this. Others in our group drank the water provided at dinner (not bottled) and never got sick. Although tipping is not required and there is no pressure to do so we felt that the staff really went above and beyond here so we decided to provide tips (we brought alot of $1 bills to handle this). I wish we would have taken the organized trip to Playa Del Carmen but there was just so many things going on it was tough to decide.