Our 5 night stay at Secrets surpassed all (high) expectations! ROOM: We were amazed by our very large -upgraded- "ocean" view room. The hotel is a "U" shape, so the ocean view rooms are only true ocean view for the closest buildings, but the view is a nice one over the gardens and pools. The temp of the room was perfect the whole time and our bed was one of the most comfortable we have ever slept in. we never used the Hot Tub, because it was so hot outside, but it looked very nice. The toilet area is just as described by guests- no sound privacy at all, and a 3" cutout where the door handle would be, so for those couples newer in their relationship it might be awkward...it was a running joke at poolside for the old married couples! The swim up rooms are definitely not for everyone. If you like solitude during the day, and a very "small social" atmosphere, it might be for you. IT's close quarters and you would really need to like your neighbors. plus, many of the rooms pools' were in shade most of the day...only the swim up rooms closest to the ocean seemed worth it. FOOD: Amazing, restaurant quality and presentation. Every restaurant we tried was incredible (didn't do the Mexican one). Cuts of beef were incredible at all places, the Hibachi was amazing (definitely request Angel as your chef, the others didn't have nearly as many tricks in their show!). Plan to fill up at Breakfast- 5 stations, every thing you can literally think of. DRINKS: all delicious and ice cold. bottled water available all day. Drinks are not strong, but our opinion was that we liked to drink all day and who wants to be wasted by 11am? If you want that, just get shots (so many yummy ones to choose from) or ask for extra liquor in your drink. We loved the Frozen Miami Vice and the Drink of the Day. Lunch is served in the palapa by the pool or a great buffett poolside every day at 12. The wine in the restaurants is not great quality but it's included...the white was actually pretty decent, the red was too warm and not that palatable. TIPPING: Ahhh, the one struggle for us. We brought ones and fives to tip pool side for drinks, but there is no clean cut tipping structure for everything else. We tipped at each sit down meal but saw few other tables leaving tips. We saw people tipping the Omelet chef at breakfast! It wasn't at all mandatory, but certainly most appreciated by everyone there. POOL: There are more than enough pool chairs to go around (but they could use a few more umbrellas in the hot months). The best pool chairs in our opinion were along the ocean side, where the breeze kept you cooler and it wasn't as busy as the swim up bar area. These chairs were gone by 9:30 latest, but most people get a chair, leave for an hour for breakfast, and come back. Very few chairs were reserved all day with no one sitting in them. There were no problems with floats- just ask to borrow one hanging poolside! they were more popular as the day got hotter, though. BUGS: yes mosquitos come out as the sun goes down- bring a can of bug spray, you'll need it. some people weren't that bothered but lots were. MISC: Don't bother paying a cab to go to downtown Playa Del Carmen unless you want great deals on real silver jewelry or to eat/drink. The stores sell silver and tourist purchases and that's about it. For the $40 you spend on cabs, you can purchase items right at the hotel. During our stay the hotel had two Vendor nights when tables of the same souvenirs were set up...silver, jewelry, bags, ceramics, etc. and there were 2 vendors selling goods every day by the pool. Bring DVD's in case you want to watch movies in your room at night- works great. The shows are good - magician, acrobats, Grease revival, game show, etc. The lobby bar and Coco Cafe were hopping around 4 on...and after dinner. great place to hang out, as was Sugar Reef bar by the pool. Workout area was small but very efficient. Not too crowded. Overall, it truly is a top hotel with incredible food, amazing staff, perfect small and big touches, and a fantastic getaway for fun, romance, socializing, swimming, and activities!