We had a great time at Secrets Maroma!! We booked our trip through Orbitz and used their transfer company. We were the first drop off and got to the hotel in 25-30 minutes! No complaints there!! Check in was a breeze. Our room wasnt ready as we had arrived at the hotel at 10 am. We changed into our bathing suits and sat out by the pool, they gave us a buzzer and buzzed us when our room was ready! Convenient, so you didnt have to keep going back to the front desk to see if the room was ready. We were there for our first anniversary and they put an anniversary banner on the door and delivered a flower display and a bottle of champagne on ice to the room! We tried all of the restaurants and liked the food at all of them! We only had one night where we had to wait and they gave us a buzzer. they told us 45 minutes and we got called in literally 10 minutes. I enjoyed the house wine, mostly very dry, but my wife did not like it as she is a pinot grigio or white zinfandel drinker and they did not have that by the glass. Didnt bother looking at the wine list, just drank other things instead! definitely try the coconut ice cream! we would order it by the pool and the waitresses would bring it to us! delicious! Mosquitos were pretty bad some nights that we were there. We had brought OFF with us and sprayed that everynight but some nights it was unbearable. Staff was handing out mosquito wipes at the restaurants so that was a help. Definitely pack some bug spray, just in case. We had an ocean view room on the 4th floor and had a great view of the beach. We would look down below to the swim out rooms and I think we saw someone out there maybe once the whole week. Room was big, lots of closet space, no complaints there. Cant really comment on the concierge as we only saw someone at the desk once in 7 days. Pool and beach were great! We usually got to the pool by 9:30 and were able to get a chair by the pool overlooking the beach. There were float "hoarders", however, there were enough floating around the pool most of the time that you didnt have to worry. LOVED the food they would cook on the beach at lunch time. We had fajitas, seafood paella, other different mixes of seafood. At lunch time they would also roll out a taco cart and a sushi cart by the pool! delicious! Nightly entertainment was okay, however, the american idol show was the best! We did do the kayak tour during the day which was fun, but far. I dont recommend for inexperienced rowers! We didnt do any other activities during the day so i cant comment on any other day activities. At night you get "turn down service" where they come and turn down your bed, give you the schedule for the next day, and the weather report. I could not understand the woman AT ALL. she did not speak english and I'm so glad I knew about the turn down service before going to the hotel or i would not have had any idea what she was saying. I understand we are in their country but most guests were English speaking and we encountered a few (not many) employees who spoke no English or who were very hard to understand. Overall, we had a great trip!! Had an amazing time just relaxing and enjoying ourselves! We definitely loved the hotel and would return to another Secrets!