Unlike some of the reviewers, let me start off by saying I'm not a chef or tavel agent or any other expert...I'm just a traveler who's been to quite a few places around the world and has experienced the good, the bad and the ugly. I read a few of the reviews on here and I think some of the people may have their resorts mixed up. There is a beach bar (how did you miss it?), the food is beautifully prepared and delicious and I did not come across one broken beach chair! And how can you rate Maroma a 2 out of 5 because you lost an earring on the beach! That's not the hotel's fault. We stayed at Secrets Maroma from May 2 to May 10. The gounds are clean, the greenery finely manicured and they spared no expense in outfitting his resort with fine fixtures, marble and furnishings. It is an eye pleaser most verywhere you go. There is plenty of seating in the lobby and all over the grounds. The staff is very friendly, helpful and happy to serve your every need. You will have heard "it's a pleasure" a thousand times before your vacation comes to an end. No request is too much to ask with any of the staff. The rooms are spacious and nicely appointed, outfitted with an LCD TV, DVD player, iPod dock, electronic safe and hair dryer and lit vanity for the ladies. We stayed in room 1410 with a swim-out pool. I would recommend this to anyone who likes to take a dip midday or in the evening to cool off. Unfortunately the AC broke in the entire resort the day after our first night. The pool came in very handy. We were immediately offered to stay at a sister resort nearby but we couldn't give up staying at Maroma, it was just too amazing. We asked for a fan and immediately got a fan. Aside for that, the rooms were spotless. Aside for the maid service during the day, a turn down service came each night. They also brought the activity schedule and weather forecast for the following day. The beds and sheets are so comfortable it's hard to get up in the morning. You also have a two-person jacuzzi tub in the room. The food was really delicious. El Patio, the Mexican restaurant, was our favourite. Try the lobster tacos and lamb. To die for. As well, don't miss out on the Habachi experience at Himitsu restaurant. This is the only time you will need to make a reservation for dinner. We went back for their regular menu as well and found the food to be much more authentic, but the Habachi was so fun. French at the Bordeaux was also very delicious. We did not eat at the buffet even once, enjoying our daily room-service brakfast and treats at the Barefoot Grill poolside and even seafood tacos made right on the beach. The beach is gorgeous. I can only think of one other place that compares. There are plenty of chairs but get there before 10 a.m. to get a palapa. There is a great little beach bar with swings for seats. They will serve every drink imaginable. The resort has a wide variety of imported liquors and bartenders don't hesitate to serve high-end liquors in drinks. I was surprised to see my vodka soda be made with Grey Goose without me asking. Nice touches everywhere! The pool got busy quickly. Unfortunately, people put a towel and book down very early to reserve their seats and did not come to actually use the seat for hours! If you find anything negative about your vacation experince at Maroma, if will unfortunately be other vacationers. People just have no consideration for others. The hotel actually sent out notices in their daily activity schedule reminding guests that you cannot save chairs and pool floaties. We just stayed at the beach. There are a lot of nice touches everywhere. Hors d'oeuvres at the beach, apples and cookies in the lobby, "welcome home" on your arrival, free internet computers, chocolates on your pillow. I cannot find anything negative to say about Secrets Maroma. Before we even left we said we'll be back. If you are thinking about going here, don't hesitate. You will not be disappointed. One last thing. Tip when you can. It goes a long way for these friendly people and they sure do deserve it. They remember it and appreciate it more than you may think.