Lets start by saying that We'll definitely be back to Secrets Maroma!!! Though there was a slight bump in the road, the first impression sealed the deal for us. Our trip at Maroma was interupted on our 3rd day by an air conditioning glitch throughout the entire resort due to an apparent heat wave (it was very very hot), however, within 30 minutes of our complaint, our personal Concierge had us in a cab on our way to Secrets Siversands so we could enjoy the rest of our trip, but this is a review of Maroma. Secrets Maroma was abosolutly amazing. Highlights of Secrets Maroma Beach: - Top notch sercvice...everyone had a smile and was happy and polite. Everyone is treated like royalty! - Amazing beach.... the sand was like flour and the water was warm and crystal clear - Swing bar- tiki bar on the beach with swings for seats!!!! "Weeeeeeee!!!!" - Hours de vours by the pool - Ability to order lunch from your chair at the beach or pool if you are too comfortable - Fantastic mattress....great sleep - Clean rooms...maid service twice a day - Great food....all meals were great...no complaints on any food - Plenty of shade to escape the hot mexican sun MY biggest gripe is not with the resort but with some of the guests.... Float hoarders- Floats are a courtesy for guests and the resort kindly asks that they are not to be removed from the pool. Most people do and feel that once they procure one, they own it for the day......the floats spend more time on land then in the pool with people who would use them instead of sitting under a chair. I do wish that someone employed by Secrets enforced this as it would have been nice to float around on one of the many floats sitting outside of the pool. Don't be a float hoarder! Tips- These people work their @#$%& off trying to ensure that you have a great time. So even though it is all inclusive, please tip! If you can afford a trip here, then you can afford to tip a few bucks here and there to express your gratitude for such great hospitality. All in all, the place is amazing and you will not be dissapointed!