This was our 2nd stay at Secrets Maroma and this resort just gets better and better every year. Check in was private, quick,and efficient, with a glass of champagne and cold cloths to freshen up. Our room was a gorgeous junior suite, oceanview on the 4th floor, bldg 15 which was close to the lobby, theatre, most restaurants, and a short walk to the pools, beach and seaside restaurants. Every building has their own concierge to assist with any problems, questions, reconfirming airline reservations or the weekly Cancun shopping trip, or ev en the dine around option to the other Secrets properties. There are no wristbands, or towel cards necessary here and always plenty of towels rolled up at the beach and pool areas. Best of all- No dinner reservations necessary except for the teppanyaki tables at the Japanese restaurant. POOLS One heated pool and the main pool with a swim up bar, activities, music, and a bar/snack service. Also, at lunchtime, the chefs walk around the pool area offering delicious appetizers to try. Both pools were immaculate with lots of shady spots always available. There are also rafts available at the pool, but reserve them early. BEACH As everyone says, the beach is spectacular, with plenty of palapas and white powdery sand., turquoise water, no seaweed or rocks to be found. Delicious fajitas are served on the beach at lunchtime. Beach towels were plentiful and there's bar and food service always available at the beach and pool. FOOD We tried every restaurant and found all to be great quality altho service was better at Oceana and Seaside. The best breakfast option was World Cafe (buffet) which had everything from omelet, egg stations, excellent French toast, pancakes, waffles, to a huge variety of breads, yogurts, juices, smoothies and Mexican specialties. Seaside is also open for breakfast, but on a smaller scale. Seaside was awesome for lunch. We loved the Buffalo wings, spicy fries, calamari, burgers, steak and more; even sushi. Barefoot grill is also a good lunch option for hot dogs. burgers, fish, steak salad etc. DINNER Our favorite was OCEANA, the seafood restaurant. Excellent surf/turf served with lobster tail, shrimp, and delicious fillet. Great food and service! BORDEAUX Small portions, but great steak and onion soup. PORTOFINO Penne appetizer was very good; veal and steak ok. Bring a flashlight as the lighting is very dim. EL PATIO Good specials. We ordered fajitas even tho there not on the menu. Very accomo dating staff! Flank steak was very good and the tortilla soup was awesome. HIMITSU You can either sit at regular tables with a pan Asian menu or reserve a seat at the teppanyaki tables which we did with excellent steak, shrimp , tuna, chicken and sushi. ENTERTAINMENT There's entertainment every night at the theatre, lobby beach and some restaurants. There was even a Super Bowl party on the beach with wide screen TV and tons of food and drinks. Also, a fiesta night with great food, music Mayan show and vendors selling their wares. Also, a Carribbean feast. The Secrets Idol show was very entertaining as was the Drum and Fire show. There's also a great "close up magician" named Armando who was absolutely fantastic. He deserves his own evening entertainment show. A daily bulletin is delivered with turndown service that lists restaurant closings, weather reports, special activities and events such as movies, or special buffets at World Cafe. The hotel sprays for mosquitoes every night which is great, since we had alot of problems last year. We brought insect repellent this year but hardly ever used it. SERVICE Service was fantastic everywhere; we did tip, but never felt that we had to, but everyone was so incredibly nice, they truly deserved it. We rarely return to the same resort twice, but this place is really exceptional.