Transportation: We took round trip transportation from Orbitz, who gives it out to Grey lines (which is the biggest transportation company there). When exiting be sure not to get involved with many agents who try to claim that they are the one who will provide the transportation. You must exit the building and look for the agent who has your Transportation logo on their shirt. They will arrange what vehicle to Take you. Bad part was that next day we had meet their representative in The hotel to make the return reservation. I think they do this so they can talk you into getting on some side trips. Ours were not here at the agreed time. I looked for him three times. At departure we had to wait 80 minutes for our ride to appear. Internet: They have free WI-FI broadcast, so if your computer has that you be able to use it. Little slow but was OK. In the room there is an Ethernet connection on the side of the phone but I have not tried it. Also has a business center but I dont know how much free time you can get, if any. Restaurants: Portofino and Bordeaux are very good to excellent. (4.5*) Himitsu Asian restaurant also has a few Teppanyaki tables (where they cook front of you, but for that you need to sign up with the concierge. World Caf very good (4*) Others, good to very good. If you go early no wait. Later may give you a red flasher and probably call you in 20-30 minutes. Bars: The main bar, Rendezvous is a great place to relax in the evening. Entertainment: The theatre is average to bad (2*) We went 3 times and 2 were terrible. They were playing a lots of loud kids music. Desires night club opened so late in the night that could not stay up for it. Others: This place is similar to Excellence. Excellence has better shows. Only saw one mosquito but we were there during the rain. Since the place was full with wedding parties we received a great offer To spend some time at their sister resort Zoetry which was very nice and Calm with guitar players and harp players, very relaxing Be sure to take many $1 and $5 bills for tipping. If service is good give a dollar (or two) but only the service is good. In the main evening restaurants give $5 or $10 if the service is superior. 50% of the age of the guests were 25-35 due to a lots of newlyweds.