My boyfriend and I just returned from a 6 night stay at Secrets Maroma. We were both very pleased with the resort overall. The resort itself is beautiful, but the beach and service are really what set Secrets Maroma apart from other resorts. We stayed at Excellence Playa Mujeres 2 years ago and found the two resorts to be very comparable to one another. The Excellence is more for those that enjoy lounging around the pool, while Secrets is a beach lovers dream. We booked a non-preferred club partial ocean view room. We were given a 2nd floor room in building 24, but there was nothing partial-ocean about it. You couldnt see ocean if you climbed up and stood on the balcony ledge. (We tried it!) From reading reviews on here I knew that a 2nd floor room would likely have only a resort view. At check-in the lady told us our room location and I asked if it were possible to be placed in a 3rd or 4th floor room. The hotel was at capacity so they couldnt accommodate our request. We were fine with that knowing that we had paid for the base level room. Had we paid for ocean view, the room would have been unacceptable. We were glad we hadnt booked a swim out room. You rarely saw anyone actually using the swim out pools, and the view would have been the worst possible. From our room on the 2nd floor we could at least look out on to the resort and enjoy the landscaping. As far as food goes we only found few things we didnt enjoy. El Patio was disappointing. We both love authentic Mexican food, but El Patio was a miss for us. The food is intended to be gourmet Mexican, but there really isnt such a thing, so we should have known going into it. Skip El Patio and just do the Mexican Fiesta that the resort hosts. The other place to skip is the lunch buffet in the World Caf. We did enjoy Bordeaux and Himitsu, but I think our favorite dinner spot was Oceana. We regret not making it to Portofino, as we heard it was very good. The breakfast buffet is awesome. The crepes, chilaquiles, and fresh juices are a must! For lunch we did the Barefoot Grill most days, the Seaside Grill a couple of times, and the lunch buffet once. Do not miss the jalapeno poppers at the Barefoot, the ceviche and coconut ice cream at Seaside, and any of appetizer items being brought around by servers at the pool or beach. We ordered room service a couple of times and were very pleased with the food. The enchiladas poblanas were very good! The service at this resort is incredible. Everyone really did go the extra mile to make our stay comfortable. We were especially impressed with one gal from the staff serving the pool area. I regret no catching her name because she really did leave an impression and I would love for her to get kudos. It was raining and most other guest had gone back to their rooms, so we decided to hit the hot tub. She came wearing a rain jacket offering us drinks, so of course we ordered some. When she returned with our drinks she had also brought us menu of the pool side food. We werent hungry at the time, but we thought that was pretty spectacular. Not only did she want to serve us, but she wanted go above and beyond for us despite the pouring rain. We decided throughout the week that Secrets must pay the employees well, because they are all so genuinely happy to be there. It was refreshing. We chose to tip because we appreciated the service we received. We noticed that most others did not tip. I think either way is considered appropriate at this resort; however, I feel if you can afford to be at secrets, you can also afford to leave a couple of dollars on the table for the individual who is working very hard to make a living and probably much less fortunate than you. I booked an 80 min massage at the Secrets spa. The spa is beautiful and so serene. Just the smells and sounds of that spa are enough to relax you. My massage was one of the best Ive ever had. My masseuse was named Dulce, and I really enjoyed her. If you choose to do the spa, be sure to allow enough time to fully enjoy the hydro therapy and the relaxation rooms. We did the scuba class and dive at through the company at the resort. This being my first time, I have nothing to compare to, but my boyfriend said the class was much better than classes he has taken at other resorts. We also did the day trip to Tulum and Xel Ha, both were very beautiful and we would recommend both of those. It was raining that day so we werent able to enjoy Tulum like we had hoped, but it was very interesting and we hope to go back someday. Xel Ha is a wonderful place. Not only is there something for everyone to do, but the food is great. The best Mexican food we had the entire trip was at the Mexican buffet there. It was all very authentic. My boyfriend and I fit into the 25-35 age range. We were among the younger crowd at Secrets. With that in mind, we thought the resort was very quiet. By 10pm the place was pretty dead. We did go to the disco a couple of nights and had a great time. We went for the karaoke night and for the rock concert. The evening entertainment is fun to go to. Is it the best entertainment youve ever seen? No, but it is something to watch. The fire show was actually really cool. This resort is great if you are looking for a quiet, relaxing, beautiful beach resort with good food and service. If you are looking to party, this may not be for you.