We stayed here for 10 nights in April for our honeymoon and were absolutely delighted with our choice. First of all I just wanted to clear up a couple of issues which other people have raised. 1) regardless of which room you're in, you're never far from either the pool or the main building/restaurants. Yes, being in a preferred room means you're right at the beach/pool but it's still only a 2 minute walk to the lobby and you probably need the exercise anyway! 2) the grounds are now exceptionally lush. From reading other people's reviews we had expected something quite stark and it was the complete opposite. 3) yes, the food isn't michelin starred quality, but they never said it was and would you really want to eat that every night of your vacation? 4) the problem with the sunbeds and blue "floaties" really isn't as bad as people make out. While we were there the poolside staff were constantly moving people's items which had been left for more than 45 minutes to make space for people looking for beds and I never once had a problem getting a floaty when I wanted one. Yes, people do take them as soon as they're put out but you'll find that if you just go and ask someone who's not using theirs then they find it difficult to say no, considering they have no base for argument! Ok now onto the things we loved: - Our room: we had a swim up suite and used our pool everyday from the very first night we got there. We used to be at the pool really early everyday so by 3/4pm we were ready to head back to our room and it was lovely being able to still go for a swim without having to be at the pool. The furnishings of the room were great as well and our bathroom was superb - huge whirlpool bath, his and hers sinks, a massive shower cubicle and all done in marble/granite. - Service: we'd read all the reviews about how good the service was and how pleased all the staff seemed to be to serve you and I have to say I was sceptical but it's actually true. All of the staff seem genuinely pleased to be there and to be serving you. This hotel is a definite feeder, you were never without a drink or food for long when there were serving staff around! We tipped all of our servers, but never felt obliged to and I really do think tipping is entirely someone's personal choice. - Food: like I said earlier it's not Michelin starred but we didn't expect it to be. What I will say is that we never went hungry, never got bored and were never disappointed with the food we did have. We never made it to Oceana or El Patio, although heard good things about both, but all of the other restaurants we did try were great. And lunchtimes are something else. Lying by the pool and having the seaside grill behind you, should you want to sit down at a proper table, the World Cafe a 2 minute walk away, along with Coco Cafe, should you want to be indoors, the beach grill for their daily special, the Barefoot Grill for poolside dining as well as an army of chefs coming round with all sorts of delicacies - it was honestly incredible. YOU WILL NOT GO HUNGRY. We also had room service a couple of times and again we weren't disappointed. Overall: we absolutely loved this resort. It was just what we wanted from our honeymoon and it's location between Playa Del Carmen and Cancun meant that if you wanted nightlife then they weren't too far away. As an aside, I became ill at the end of the trip and we had to extend our stay, while I was in hospital, and the hotel were very accommodating and extremely helpful when my husband was trying to make the necessary arrangements.