We spent two weeks at Secrets (April 3-17) and loved every second of it! Beautiful resort, top-notch service, amazing food, gorgeous beach. Let me break it down for you: Resort: Beautiful property. big enough but not sprawling. Loved the many wading pools (about 8 inches deep) that run throughout the property. There was even one with a few tables and chairs in it so you could have a drink or play backgammon or chess with your feet in the water. Gorgeous rooms, each with a double jaccuzzi. Kind of open style bathroom, but privacy where the toilet is concerned. Lovely touches like incense, Secret box where they put your room service order, buzzer and light switch for do-not-disturb, chocolates on your pillow, mini bar that's refilled daily with water, juice, beer and pop. Food: Fantastic restaurants. Our favourite was Oceana, for seafood. When you order, they ask if you'd like a side of baby lobster (all included by the way)!!! Needless to say, I ate about 8 lobsters that trip! Fantastic shrimp, scallops, salmon. Great service from Raoul and all the waiters.Portofino (Italian) was not great for me, but my husband liked it. Our waiter Edgar was wonderful. Excellent service at all the restaurants. Bordeaux (French food) was good - loved the veal chop. Fernando, the wine somellier, was very warm and friendly Himitsu (Japanese food) was EXCELLENT, expecially the prawn. Our waiter Damien was very funny and kept bringing us more and more prawn. Nothing is too much to ask, and they go out of their way to get you what you want. The Seaside grill (beside Oceana) is just okay. More of a lunch place, but dinner is served there. Do NOT order the spareribs there - they're tough and awful. The barefoot grill by the pool is okay for lunch. The big surprise though, was the food that was cooked right on the beach every day - paella, salmon or other fish, chicken, beef, hamburgers, etc. Fresh and fun. You can also order room service to the beach!!! They'll bring you anything anywhere! One of the best kept secrets is the Coco Cafe that serves lattes, cappuccinos, booze and light snacks. It's right beside the main lobby and disco. They even serve you drinks and appetizers at the pool and beach. Imagine my surprise on the first day when we're sitting around the pool and one of the chefs brings around a trolley of freshly made sushi!!! or the taquitos and desserts they served at the beach!! Beach: One of the most beautiful, white sand beaches I've ever seen! Long and deep and clean. Unfortunately the water was quite wavy and rough the two weeks we were there so I didn't get to kayak. The water itself is clear and blue and quite pretty but not conducive to swimming or water sports. There are plenty of palapas on the beach (not as many at the pool) and we never had any trougle finding a shady spot to sit. Activities: I loved the archery and rifle shooting (b-b pellets). Didn't go to the disco but I know they had some live bands. The nightly shows were so-so. Some were better than others. Word of warning: Mosquitos in the Theatre will eat you alive, so be sure to put bug spray on before you go. Free Internet just beside the lobby is a bonus. Tequila tasting class by Fernando and guacamole class by Barbara and Paula were fantastic. Water aerobics were good, as were long walks on the beach. Workout room was okay (small number of machines, plenty of weights), but why stay inside? Weather: It was fantastic for 11 of our 14 days. Hot but windy so it was great. And it cooled down at night. We had a huge tropical storm come in for the last 3 days - thunder and lightening and TORRENTIAL rain. So we just sat in the lobby and drank, ate and read. Lots of lovely people to meet from all over the world. Our concierge had memorized our names by the second day and all the staff were super friendly, especially Barbara from the entertainment team, Alex (archery and rifle shooting), Fernando (sommeller), and Edgar. I can't say enough about how accommodating and pleasant all the staff were, from the waiters on up. Whatever you needed, they got it for you...and quickly! This resort is even better than the Sandals resort that we went to in St. Lucia for our honeymoon last year (and it was fantastic!). I have only good things to say about Secrets Maroma Beach and can't wait to go back!