Secrets Maroma Beach was everything my husband and I were looking for in a relaxing vacation. When we arrived at the resort we were greeted by hotel staff with a nice cold hand towel and then taken within 15 minutes to our concierge to be checked into our room. We did upgrade to the Preferred Club and were very happy we did. Not so much because of the service (the service provided is exceptional with or without Preferred status) but because we were guaranteed a room closest to the beach and had a breath taking view of the ocean from the top floor. If you want to be close to the beach you need to book Preferred status. Once in our room, we were so impressed at how clean it was. Every day house keeping made sure everything was restocked and cleaned to perfection. Food was fantastic... our favorite was the Hibachi at the Japanese restaurant. Make sure you make a reservation right away as they do tend to book up quickly. They only have three hibachi tables. It was just as good, if not better than other Japanese restaurants here in the Boston area. The Italian and French restaurant was great as well. Make sure you check out the Martini Bar at night. It is a nice place to hang out with a drink and get to know other guests at the resort. Beach, beach beach... If you are a beach person than this is as close to heaven as you can get. The beach was beautiful! Clean and the sand was so soft and powder white. The water was nice and warm, also very clear. Don't be afraid if you look down and are being circled by angel fish. They don't bite! Being served drinks without having to leave your chair was an added bonus. Now for the negative. Even though we really enjoyed our visit to Secrets Maroma Beach, there were only two issues with the property. One, the gym... It was a disappointment to both me and my husband. If you like to work out make sure you go at off times otherwise you will be waiting to use a piece of equipment. We enjoy going first thing in the morning and it was packed. Very small - not enough equipment! Two, most of the beach chair backs were broken. So if you are planning on reading or just sitting up taking in the beautiful view, make sure you get there early to find a seat that is not broken. Other than those two issues, we would definitely visit Secrets Maroma Beach again in a heartbeat.