Secrets Maroma is by far the best all-inclusive we have stayed at. After arriving with the Red Eye, we were upgraded to a preferred room, without preferred privileges, but much better room in Bld. 25. Originally they had us in Bld 22, which has an awesome ocean view, but much further away from Beach + pools. The rooms are very spacious, very comfortable bed, slippers, robes, plenty closet space, safe would have been big enough for my 17" laptop, but I had it out on desk for the whole week with no problems, no privacy issues, there is a door for the toilet. (If you are worried.) Mini-fridge with water, bubble water, beer, OJ and pop/soda. We did receive 3 mini bottles and M+Ms the first day. WiFi worked great and I was able to skype my kids every day. 24 hour Room Service was great, we ordered breakfast three times and if you put your privacy light on, they will put in the privacy box and make you open the door. Beach is incredible and you can even order lunch from your beach chair. We used the kayaks and my husband even fished from shore (we brought fishing poles). Bars: Since we like to be up late at the sports bar (Sugar Reef), Bld 25 was very close. This is the bar you want hang out if you like to meet people and drink. If you call room service after 11PM, they will even deliver beer to the bar. If you tip well, the bar tender (Edwardo was the best) will leave you rum in a glass, coke in a glass and ice. The entertainment staff is the best ever, they come by the bar throughout the day, play ping-pong, pool with you. The have tournaments - ping-pong, texas hold'em ... Entertainment staff plays water volleyball, bingo, blackjack, yoga, football, soccer........ with guests. They have Spanish lessons, cooking lessons, tequila tasting, the shows at night are ok, the best one is the American idol, beach party and beach rock group with dancing. And much more. The food was great, do not expect Mexican food, the best restaurant was the Japanese, definitely reserve the chef's table. Be prepared to spend 1-2 hours for every dinner, bread, appetisers, soup, main dish and dessert. Spa was wonderful, had a 80 minute deep-tissue massage. I would recommend this All-Inclusive to everyone. Age group from mid 20's all the way to 60's, mostly 40's. Marcell, Alex, Katia, Paola - best entertainment staff.