WOW!!! Secrets Maroma was amazing! Anyone who goes there and complains must not be happy anywhere! We have been to the area a dozen times and this is the best. I have never seen such great service by the staff anywhere!! Everyone is ready to help and get you whatever you need. You never want for anything! We arrived around lunchtime (April 2010) and the moment we stepped out of our van (Cancunvalet.com..Awesome transfers for the fourth time!!) we were whisked away to the preferred lounge. ROOM: Wonderful swim out suite, corner of bldg 26. We loved the corner and requested it! It was great if one of us wanted to sneak over to the bar or grill for a quick snack or drink! The water was heated, but not like a hot tub. We enjoyed getting in and it was perfectly comfortable. We loved preferred club, this is always a personal decision, but we like the better room location and the amenities of the preferred club. Those are the two reasons we went preferred and don't regret it one bit! Jorge was our AMAZING conceirge! Anything you needed or had questions about...he was right on it! He even located my flip flops I left by the pool one day!!! TOILETRIES: 4oz sizes of: combo shampoo/conditioner, shower gel, lotion, sunscreen, packets of bug repellent, toothbrush, toothpaste, comb, shaver, shave cream, qtips/cottonballs, shower cap and mending kit. I've also attached a close up pic of these! We did carry on only and this was the info I was looking for!! ROOM SERVICE: Was great, everything we ordered tasted wonderful. Even ordered drinks!!  Very timely and they always called to let us know it had been delivered! LOVED the secrets box!! POOLS: Amazing pools!! We sat at both and loved them! One is heated with warm water feeding into it and the other was not! Both were great to cool off in, but one day when it was overcast the un-heated one was chilly! We were always able to get a chair but definitely all the poolside spots were "towel saved"those folks really get on my nerves especially when they didn't show for a couple of hours!!! The pool staff however would go get and bring you an umbrella if you requested one. They would take them from the loungers not being occupied! That was really what I wanted so, it didn't matter where I sat, I just wanted a little shade! BEACH: What can I saw about the most amazing beach and water..EVER!!! Take a walk up and down each side; it is truly an amazing site! Take bread into the water for the angel fish.they will swarm you!! Scared me to death the first time I tried!!! FOOD: Everywhere is great; you can always find something you like. I'm allergic to onions, so at the Bordeaux I requested my dish without onions or peppers. The chef came out to see what he could do special for me! Please don't complain about the food here..are you kidding me?!! If you don't like your dish, request another..still hungry?.....ask for more!!! SPA: The most amazing spa that I have been to EVER!! There was always someone to lead you to each location and they helped explain everything. They ask you to arrive one hour before your scheduled svc.GO.this is to enjoy all the stations before you have your massage! The inside of the spa is just goregeous!! ENTERTAINMENT: The Desires club was great. One night we listened to a great band and another we just danced to the DJ. Both were great nights. At the theater we only saw one show, the comedian, and it was great too! I really don't understand how people can complain at all about this resort. Never happy people I guess! We have been to so many all inclusives and this was by far the best! One thing people need to understand is that you didn't pay for the Ritz, so don't expect it! Really, where could you get all that you do at Secrets anywhere in the states or abroad for the price you paid (back out your air fare!!). Yes, the entertainment isn't Broadwaybut did you pay for Broadway?? The food is just fine and you can ALWAYS find something good! Again, did you pay for the Ritz dining?! Remember its a large resort, kitchens are cooking for allot of people, you are in Mexico, and you can get all that you want!!! I just can't stand when people complain about the very thing they can figure out if they research BEFORE they go. I just hate when they return, join tripadvisor, put a nasty review up and then you never see them back on??!!!! Go to Secrets Maroma, you will never regret it! It's the whole package..great rooms, swim up suites, food, pool, staff and amazing beach!!! Please private msg me if you have any questions I can help out with. I'm posting some different pics that I hope will answer some questions since there are so many amazing pics of the resort, pool and beach already!