Date of trip April 4  11 2010 We stayed at Secrets Maroma Resort for our five year anniversary; we are a young couple in our late twenties. Good friends of ours went there for their honeymoon last August and told us it was amazing so we decided to go see what it was about. It was AMAZING! From the moment we arrived greeted by a `Welcome Home` then to a quick sit down check in with champagne, our luggage was brought to our room and we were eating at the Seaside Grill within 30 minutes from arriving. We had a partial ocean view; you can`t really see the ocean; our view was of flowers and trees still really nice. The room was great, clean and very modern. There was a double whirl pool, double sink, separate shower and toilet room. The secrets box was great, we would order breakfast and they would drop it off without disturbing us. We saw the swim out rooms, which are on the first floor of every building; we tried to get upgraded for free but no luck. Next trip to Secrets we will opt for the swim out, we saw people lounging around in then in the day and evening, it looked nice and relaxing. The food d was to die for. After spending just one day at Secrets you wont be hungry. From the morning breakfast buffet at the World Cafe to lunch by the pool and then having dinner at one of the six restaurants there is always something yummy to eat. We loved the Hitmisu restaurant the best. We ate there five times. The food is so good at this resort we were eating at different restaurants twice a night. This hotel offers many different kinds of drinks. We arent big drinkers so we just ordered wine and beer but we saw people with many different kinds of pretty drinks. There were three pools that are all infinity pools. They were really pretty and one of them was heated, which was nice since I find it hard to get into semi cold water. It was hard to get loungers around the pool but if you just walked around for ten minutes you will see someone leave and then you can take their chairs. The beach was AMAZING! What a beautiful beach. White sand, clean, waiters and a beautiful view. It was a quiet place to go since by the pool at certain hours there was water volleyball. The level of service at Secrets is not comparable to any other resort we have been to. The staff is always smiling and asking you if they can assist you in any way. It was great knowing that if we needed something we could just ask for it. The entertainment at the hotel was good. They had activities in the day like tequila tasting, yoga, volleyball, Pilates to name a few. At night they had a beach party, movies, live bands and musicians throughout the resort and a comedy show. It was hard to do everything in just one short week. Overall this was the best all inclusive we have ever been too. There were few minor negative points but really nothing to worry about. There are little letters of events that are happening everyday that are supposed to be given to you every night upon turn down service, We only got it three out of the seven nights. No big deal we just went and got it from the lobby. The only other minor complaint we had was we saw someone order a chocolate and strawberry heart so we ordered it too. We were first told it was extra $, then were told they would give it to us for free, and then ice-cream was delivered to our room. They then told us they were out of strawberries which were hard to believe because there are always tons of strawberries at the world cafe. No biggie we ate the ice-cream it was still yummy. Nothing really to think twice about going to Secrets If you are thinking of booking Secrets Maroma just do it you will not be disappointed!!! Oh yah we went to the spa it was so relaxing.. We did the couples chocolate body wrap!! Its worth the extra $$