My wife and I celebrated our honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach 4/2  4/9. SMB is a wonderful resort with an amazing staff of people. From the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out the staff were full of smiles and always greeted you with a Hola We stayed in building 25 in the Preferred Club Swim Out. Our concierge Carlos was amazing. No matter what the request was he was on top of it. I will break my review up into sections for you to make it easier. ROOMS Our room was 2513 and had a king size 4 post bed that was very comfortable to sleep on. The room also had very adequate seating all over the room and terrace area. Nice flat panel 32 television with a dvd player. Duel armors for your clothing to be hung or put into drawers. The bathroom was amazing. It had beautiful tiled walk in shower, 2 person Jacuzzi tub (takes about half hour to fill), and duel sinks. I know other people had issues with the toilet area not having enough privacy but we didnt find that to be the case. There is a frosted door you close when in the toilet area. The door did not go all the way to the ceiling but did block out enough noise that you couldnt hear anyone in there. No issues with the shower not being to hot or too cold. Mini bar was well stocked with Coke, Coke Light, Fanta, Sprite, Corona, Mini Bacardi, Mini Jack Daniels, Mini Vodka, Water, and Orange Juice. We were in a Preferred Club Building so we did have access to wifi in our room. The signal was weak but good enough to use to check email if you wanted. SERVICE The service at SMB is impeccable from the busboys all the way up to the chief concierge. No matter what you want, no matter what time of day they will do everything in their power to oblige you. The hardest working people in the resort by far are your house keeping staff and wait staff by the pool and beach. These folks do a great job and are very hard working. The entire staff is great but the people mentioned above go above and beyond. RESTAURANTS We didnt make it to all of them but the ones we did make it too were great. World Caf By far was our favorite for breakfast. They have everything you could want from fresh made omelets, fruit, salmon, homemade crepes, cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon, several different kinds of potatoes, several different Mexican dishes, about 8 different kinds of fresh squeezed juices, fresh salsa, fresh guacamole you name it and they more than likely had it. Food was always hot and tasted fresh. Bordeaux (French) We each had an excellent beef tenderloin dinner. They seem to have a very good selection of wines for purchase but the house red was very good. El Patio (Mexican) We had chicken and flank steak. Both were excellent. Seaside Grill Excellent fish tacos! Coco Caf Very good fresh coffee Room Service We had room service a few time during our stay. Very good and very fast! They will bring you anything you want from any of the restaurants at anytime of day. And best of all you can turn your light on and they will use the Secrets Box to leave your food in so you will not be bothered. BARS Swim up bar in the pool was great. Many places to sit. Drinks were good and plentiful. Bar in main lobby was very nice and was a great place to sit after a wonderful diner. Preferred Club bar was a very nice place to sit and check your email and have a drink and some hot and cold Hors d'oeuvres. SPA We had the most amazing hour long couples Swedish massage during our stay. If you have the opportunity make sure you take advantage of it along with the use of the steamroom, hydrotherapy pools, hot tubs, and other services. You will walk out of there felling very calm and relaxed. ENTERTAINMENT The couple shows we saw were ok. The best show we saw was a Mayan show. The other shows we saw were a comedian/ventriloquist who might be just good enough to win a high school talent show at best. The fire show was the other that we saw and were very bored so we left in the middle of it. The entertainment staff for the resort was great. They do everything from Tequila tasting, pool bingo, pool blackjack, volleyball, cooking classes, and I am sure many many other things that arent mentioned. The staff is very upbeat and full of energy. POOLS The main pool is fabulous. Plenty of chairs, loungers, and beds available to use but if you want a prime spot you better make sure you have some sort of personal item on a lounger by 9am or you will be out of luck. The no reserving policy is not enforced. There really isnt a bad spot anywhere to lounge but the really good ones are taken early. BEACH PRISTINE is the only word that can describe it. The sand feels like baby powder when you walk on it. The water has many amazing shades of turquoise and is crystal clear. When you are out about waist high the angel fish will swarm around you. There are many loungers and palpas on the beach but again If you want a spot under a palpa you had better have it reserved by 9am otherwise you are stuck in the sunlight all day. TIPPING The staff at SMB work their butts off for you. Take care of them. A couple dollars here and there go along way with them. It is not required but very much appreciated. The average wage in Mexico is $6 A DAY. If you want to see the living conditions these people who work so hard and smile all day live in, take a cab ride thru the neighborhoods near Playa Del Carmen. That is where most of your hotel workers live. It will give you a whole new appreciation of what you have in life. If you are up in the air about booking with SMB dont hesitate. You will not be disappointed. I sat for hours and hours like you reading thru the many many positive reviews of SMB and the very few bad reviews. The positive reviews you have read here are absolutely true because I felt and saw it first hand. The select few negative reviews on here?? In my opinion would be no matter where those people stayed they would not be happy. I would highly suggest bypassing those few negative reviews and trust the good ones because those are the ones that are going to allow you to have the best vacation, honeymoon, anniversary, or birthday you will ever have!