We spent 4 nights at this resort. Service: Excellent. The staff members are always welcoming and work very hard to please you. Beach: Beautiful. The white sand is soft and clean and the color of the water is breathtaking. It's also quiet, great for reading or snoozing. Pool grounds: Also beautiful, and intelligently designed. We are beach people so didn't spend much time at the pool but loved walking through the pool areas. The pool area is noisier. People seemed liked they were having a great time. Food: Overall it was good, but definitely not 5-star. Some hits and misses. A few dishes came out without all the ingredients listed in the menu description. We liked the decor at the Asian restaurant but the sushi was just okay. We were disappointed in Portofino. We didn't care for the dark, "romantic" ambiance. It felt a bit like a dungeon, and it was freezing. The dishes we ordered tasted more like Mexicanized versions of Italian food. We also would have loved to have a restaurant set closer to the ocean, as Oceana/Seaside Grill has limited views of the ocean. Rooms: Very nice. Avoid getting a room in Building 11, which houses the nightclub. Our first night, the music was so loud it sounded like there was a DJ in our room. We called the front desk and the music was lowered twice but the music was still loud enough that we couldnt sleep. The ocean view from this building (at least our room, which was on the highest floor) is also limited. We could see glimpses of the ocean, but mainly our view was of the building in front of us. We moved to the Building 17 for the remainder of our stay, which was oceanfront and quiet. It was wonderful to hear the sounds of the ocean. The balcony had concrete walls in a stair-step design, which prevented you from seeing much of the ocean if you were sitting down. The ocean view was excellent when standing up, but we like to sit out on the balcony and watch the ocean in front of us. Overall, this is an excellent resort and we really enjoyed our stay. If you are looking for great service and a beautiful beach and pool, Secrets Maroma Beach delivers.