My husband and I, along with another couple flew in for 6 nights from New York to Cancun. We got there at 10 am and had no problems with lines. Do avoid the people with clipboards on your way out of the airport. They are timeshare people. They are very friendly but aggressive Just keep walking and go outside and look for the sign for your transport service on your voucher. We pre-paid for private transportation, $100 round trip for 4 people. The ride was 20 minutes. The hotel from check in to check out was perfect. Everyone there was very pleasant. They all work very hard to please you We had a swim out room, which was so much fun. We had a pool that was warm, because the sun hit it in the morning, we really enjoyed it. We tried every rest. all were wonderful. My favorite was the French, it was very romantic, with the violinist playing for us throughout our dinner. She was very talented. At the Japanese rest. we tried the show table, which you need a reservation for. And another night at the regular table, the food was delicious. The Hotel was full. We would go to the rests. no reservations required, no wristbands like other hotels. but you would get a vibrator/light when you go to the rest. and then go to the lobby bar for a drink next door to the restaurant area, it was about a 30 min. wait. each night. for dinner. The pools and ocean were gorgeous .Picture perfect. I never went kayaking before, but tried it and had a great time. Lots of activities.. bike tour, tennis, zumba, yoga, etc. plenty to do. We went to an extreme excursion, first to Tulum to the Mayan Ruins with a guide, then rappeling, zip-lining, snorkeling and a buffet lunch. $96 pp. I never did any of this before, and I'm afraid of heights, but I did it and loved every minute of it.. I'm 49 and I can't believe I tried this. Our friends went on a different excursion, they went to Cancun to jet-ski out to a snorkeling area, $66 pp They have lots of excursions to choose from at the hotel. At night at the hotel, although they had different activities, shows and bars open at the resort, it was tame, quiet, very nice. You can always go to a bar crawl in Cancun or Playa Del Carmen. but we had such a full day, every day, we didn't leave the resort at night. I would recommend the spa. we checked out at 12 noon and made our appt. for 12:30, had a 50 min. massage, showered, ate lunch then our car came at 3pm The whole spa experience was like no other. so relaxing and an absolutely beautiful setting. You can go and enjoy the sauna, steam room and private pool and lounge, either before or after your treatment. We had $80 in coupons that we used towards our massage. I received them from my travel agent.. Before coupons, it was $120 pp.for a 50 min. massage. Don't forget to bring plenty of sunscreen. a waterproof camera. During the day it gets to high 80's 2X it was cool at night, bring a sweater or light jacket. Bring an I-pod. they have an Ipod charger in the alarm clock. Bring a watch. It's 2 hours earlier than New York/ eastern time. We went to Playa Del Carmen for good bargains. Keep looking for someone to give you a good deal on jewelry., t-shirts, blankets. My friend bought a mexican blanket for $4.50 US money, at the hotel they have merchants come 2X a week and sell items and they charged $120 US money for the same blanket. Same with the jewelry. The hotel has a free shuttle for a shopping excursion in Cancun, too. They had it on a Wed., you have to sign up the day before. . You will not regret coming here. It's the most beautiful hotel we stayed in. The food is excellent. The drinks are great. Ask for your favorite top shelf liquor in your drink. Also they serve food right to your chair by the pool. They have a sushi cart, taco cart, ice cream cart. that come around in the afternoon. They do serve food and drinks on the beach. Just ask the waitress for a menu. I I bought $100 in singles for tipping. You certainly don't have to tip, most people don't , but we did. They don't expect it at all. They make $4.75 for an 8 hour shift. That's what I was told from several different sources. My friend gave our wonderful waiter a $10 tip at the Italian Rest. and he gave him a hug. They really do appreciate it. Have fun and enjoy. It's a dream vacation.