My spouse and I have been to other supposedly rated 5 star all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean area and none of them compared favorable to Secrets Maroma. These are some of our wonderful experiences we would like to share : 1) Employees are a great asset to this resort. They greet you with big smiles and Holas. They are very friendly, polite, cheerful, helpful and service-oriented. The entertainment team will keep you busy, if you so wish, from 10:00 am to 10:0 pm. You should never be bored. Day time activities are yoga, bocce, Spanish lessons, volleyball, ping pong, beach soccer, tennis clinic, archery, rifle shooting, etc. 2) Our room located on the third floor was a comfortable size with modern furnishing and a widescreen LCD TV. We slept well in a king-sized, pillow-top comfortable bed. There is a 2 person jetted hot tub as well as a large shower stall. Checkout the convenient room service box where the food tray is placed in the box; there is no need to open the room door. A nice sized covered patio with built-in bench with pillows to relax after a hot day at the beach with a cool drink in the late afternoon overlooking a manicured densely planted tropical garden, what an enjoyment. 3) The food and drinks for the most of time are tasty and delicious. They have quite a variety to please all palates. For dinner I especially enjoyed the El Patio (Mexican), Bordeaux (French) and the Oceana (seafood). For breakfast the World Caf offers a buffet style breakfast with a wide choice of cold and hot food with freshly squeezed juices and smoothies which I enjoyed with cups of cappucino coffee. For lunch we liked to sit on the pool loungers as the servers wander around and offer skewers of chicken, salmon, prawns, tacos, sometimes lobster and ice cream around the pool areas. At the beach there is a barbecue with hamburgers, fish tacos, chicken, etc. The waiters/waitresses are quick with the food and drinks and are always pleasant. We noticed, although the portions served are smaller than at other resorts, you can always request for more. At the buffet style people tend to eat all the food that they take. The house wine we had was from Chile and not a watered down type we have had at other resorts. Better quality wines are available for an extra cost. 4) The beach is recognized as one of the 10 best in the world and it lives up to its reputation. We would walk the beach every morning before the sun got hot. You can walk for miles in either direction but the further away from the resort, the beach is not as nice. Snorkeling by the beach is not good. There are some large angel fishes just 5 meters from the waters edge but that's it. Take a boat trip to the reef for better snorkeling. 5) The show-time performances we enjoyed were the hypnosis show, the fire show and the elite cirque show. 6) We didnt try the spa. We spoke to a couple who tried it and they found it soothing and relaxing. 7) The resort physical size is just right for us. It is not too large to get around in the sweltering sun. 8) We recommend going to the Jungle Spa for a healing massage. It's a non-profit organization about 25 minutes by Taxi ( cost $30 US one way). Although the setting is somewhat primitive , the massage is HEALING. Take some crayons and coloring books for the young ones, It will be much appreciated.Google "Jungle Spa" in Puerto Morelos to get the information. The friendly employees, the delicious food and drinks, the entertainment, the fantastic beach, the comfortable room, the pools and the beautiful tropical landscaped grounds make this an unforgettable experience. This was an excellent choice that we made!