My husband and I went to Secrets Maroma for our honeymoon from February 22-March , 2010 and even though we were there for 14 days we still weren't ready to go home! This was our fourth trip to the Mayan (previously stayed at Excellence Riviera, El Dorado Royale and Valentin Imperial) and I'd say it was the best yet! All of the resorts have been fabulous, but Secrets Maroma did the little things to set itself apart. For instance, servers come around during lunch time to bring various appies and other treats so you don't even have to get out of your chair to eat lunch! The beach is to die for. In the past we have had to wear water shoes when going into the ocean but not here - the sand is perfect and there aren't any rocks. We spent some time by the pool and it was great too - although the water was hotter than the air outside so if you want to feel refreshed then be sure to head over to the infinity pool - it's much cooler! You don't have to worry about getting up early to save yourself a spot at the pool or beach - if you do they have staff who will take your stuff off of a chair if you haven't been there for 30 minutes. It's nice to know that people aren't getting up at 5 am to get a good spot and then going back to bed until 10 am - like at past resorts. The entertainment staff were AWESOME! The shows at night were fun, but you always saw the staff during the day trying to get guests involved in something or other. The rooms were clean and well maintained. The beds are super comfortable and turn down service is pretty consistent. We loved the size of the resort - it was similar to Excellence Riviera (which used to be a Secrets too) and we really enjoyed that one. It's nice being able to see the same people throughout your trip - rather than enjoying a chat with a couple before/after dinner one night and then never seeing them again. The food was amazing - our favourite was Himitsu. You don't need reservations for the restaurants, except to have the dinner where they cook in front of you in Himitsu (book that - it's worth it!!!). We never really had to wait too long for any of the restaurants - most nights we didn't wait at all. Tipping was more common at this resort than it has been in others. We have always tipped because we feel as though the staff members work so incredibly hard. We never felt like it was expected at all though, but you can tell it was greatly appreciated. We would leave a couple of dollars at the breakfast buffet, tip for pool/beach service throughout the day and then leave up to ten dollars for dinner. We would also leave the maid two dollars every day. Every little bit helps! All in all, we really enjoyed our stay. When we book a resort we look for good food, decent size and great beach and Secrets Maroma excelled in all three. We would highly recommend this resort to anyone looking for perfection - if you want to kick back and relax and be treated like a King/Queen, this is the place for you. They really do go above and beyond to make sure you're taken care of.