My mother and I traveled to Secrets Maroma for a long weekend to research and book my wedding location. Since Secrets was my first choice, we decided to stay at the resort for the duration of the stay so we could experience it first hand - and it did not let us down. The staff was amazing at check in - after a long day of looking at other resorts, we were welcomed with cold towels and champagne. Rooms - We were upgraded to a swim out room (in building 23) which was incredible - although we really didn't have time to use it - it was nice to wake up to in the morning have coffee out there. The bed was so comfortable and everything is modern and fresh - I particularly loved the slippers in the room :) Food - 5 stars - the best I have had at any resort recently. The attention to detail, quality and taste is very noticable. The staff at the restuarants also made our experiences that much better - a special thanks to Freddy and Hector at World Cafe, Seaside Grill and Portofino for your amazing recommendations. Beach - since there isn't another hotel to the right of this one, the beach was quiet and very large. The sand is like powder and the water was nice and blue. No sandbags or seaweed to be seen here! Entertainment - We didn't get to the night time entertainment but the theater area is very nice (large couches and a bar) so it seems very welcoming. During the day there is an entertainment staff but they don't push anyone to join in and you would never know a pool volleyball game was going on if you were on another side of the pool. Pool - very large with tons of quiet spots if you want to be out of the pool games or away from the swim up bar. The servers come around with hand passed snacks around lunch time (delicious) and the chairs are sooo comfortable! The wedding coordinator Cecilia is also a pleasure to work with and I'm excited to get everything planned in the coming months. Our trip was a success and I can't wait to have my wedding back at this resort in October.