My husband and I recently stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach to celebrate our 10-year anniversary, and we had a great time. This was our second trip to Playa del Carmen, but the first time at SMB, which we picked based on its overwhelmingly positive reviews and reputation for having a gorgeous beach. We weren't disappointed! The resort was beautiful, the room was excellent (although not much privacy in terms of the bathroom...hope you're not shy), beach was amazing, and staff was just great. We barely lifted a finger all week...took great advantage of the chair-side service on the beach and at the pool where drinks (and lunch/snacks, if we wanted them) were kept flowing by the hard-working wait staff. We had some good meals, one great meal, and one not-so-great meal, which we quickly remedied by walking two restaurants down and ordering dinner #2 (hey, why not?), which was far better. The spa was out of this world, and we treated ourselves to two couples massages throughout the week and took advantage of the steam room, sauna, and private pool/hot tubs. We tried out the tequila tasting with Fernandothat was a good time and we learned a lot about the finer points of choosing and enjoying tequila. I think I might still enjoy it best in a margarita, but it was a fun learning experience. Freddie at the Seaside Grill was a riot, and was a good sport about helping me with my rusty Spanish. The hotel does try to offer a variety of things to choose from in terms of night entertainment, but more often than not we were back in our room by 10 despite our best efforts to experience the late-night activities. I think this was more due to our looonnnggg afternoons at the pool bar with the crowd we met from BostonJ, B, V, and K, thanks for making our vacation far more fun than we expected! We may not be able to pull off late-night partying like we used to, but we had a fantastic time with you all around the pool and on the few nights we made it past 10! I have already recommended this resort to family members and friends, and we would go back in a heartbeat.