I am a Diamond Member at Hilton but decided to give this chain a shot when I had my 20th Anniversary in Seattle. Well to start off I booked a suite and paid extra and then found that their website description is not what you get. A suite has more than a bedroom and a bathroom (standard hotel room). When I took my printed reservation down to the front desk and showed them that it said things like two TV, a couch, ect, the desk clerk told me "oh, they mixed two suites into the same description on the Kimpton Website - sorry about that how about a free breakfast". You got to be kidding me! Even Embassy Suits has a sitting room, bathroom and bedroom unlike what Kimpton calls "a suite". I was here for a 5 day stay and this was how they offer to correct false advertising? I send the Kimpton preferred guest website an email asking about the failure to provide a suite as advertised on their website (my reservation description) (also furnished a hard copy of the reservation printout (from their website) to the front desk manager on duty) and did not get any reply or solution. I also send an email after the trip (guest survey) and once again did not get any follow up via email or mail. So I guess that tell you how concerned they are about guest. The staff ranged from indifferent to not helpful. I asked the front desk if their was any good breakfast spots in the neighborhood hood and was told, no only the hotels. Gee I found one of the best breakfast spots in Seattle 1/2 a block away, how convenient that the hotel does not know they exist. We arrived late the first night (11 pm) and had to go inside and run down the bellman who busy chating on his cell phone to get any help with our bags. Prior to my arrival I had emailed the hotel to inform them that it was my 20th Anniversary as my other half is really picky so I wanted to make sure everything was good to go. I got a nice email back saying they would like to deliver a bottle of champagne and some chocolate covered strawberries to our room upon arrival to celebrate. I also told them we needed foam pillows. So upon arrival no champagne or strawberries, no foam pillows and we had a great room with a view of an alley and high rise building -nice! Now the good - you will not find a better housekeeping staff or a cleaner room than this property. We were very impressed that when we left each morning to go out shopping that they made up the room before we got back (even short trips of 2 hours or less). The beds were comfortable. Not so good - the AC-Heat control has a 4 x 4 inch screen that is bring green and will shine directly in your eyes all night. If you are light sensitive, you will have to tape something over the controls. This is not a 4 start hotel, it a very clean business hotel with super high rates. You can do better at any of the chain hotels in Seattle.