After staying at the wonderful San Francisco Monaco, our expectations were high when we booked this hotel. Especially since the Monaco Seattle was 100 dollars more than the SF Monaco. We were traveling home to Copenhagen so I considered using Priceline to bid low for a four star hotel. But I was so impressed with the SF Monaco that I wanted specifically to try their Seattle hotel. On the plus side, the staff was lovely and service was always prompt. The lobby was beautiful and the staff allowed us a generous 3pm checkout so we could relax before our overseas flight. The room was quiet and clean and everything worked. But we were surprised to see that the room was decorated hideously. The room we got did not, in any way shape or form resemble the beautifully designed rooms advertised on the hotels Web site. The pillows for the beds were left in the chairs and there was no bedspread. The wall paper was grey and white and very depressing. In SF, I loved the Monaco's whimsical colorful style but there was no color or design in this room. Here, I felt they had really misrepresented their rooms which were dull and boring. For me a nice decor helps make me feel at home and cheers me up and this room didnt do the trick. I actually factor in decor when I book a room and sure, the photos they advertised are usually a bit more polished than the reality but at the Monaco Seattle, it was a pure misreprentation of the decor advertised. At the San Francisco Monaco, there was a lovely spa with a sauna and big hot tub. Here in Seattle, we paid 100 dollars more than SF and there was no spa at all. Why was it so much more? Finally, the room service menu did not include any vegetarian dishes except pizza. It seems like a no brainer to consider vegetarians when you make a room service menu. If you can include dogs, why not cover about the 10 percent of the population that doesnt eat meat. We were very disappointed with the Monaco Seattle. But if you are a carnivore who doesn't care for spas or decor, you might just love the place. The service can't be faulted.