I stay in downtown Seattle several times each year in one of several hotels which are within a few blocks of each other. So, location is not a factor. This weekend we booked at the last minute and couldn't get in at any of our normal hotels, so booked a night at the Warwick because the price appeared right and the reviews were good. I am not picky. I am actually quite content to stay at a decent Motel 6. However, this was one of my worst lodging experiences, and I have done a lot of traveling. Let me preface the review by stating that you can have a worse experience by staying at hotels/motels for half the price. I just expect that an establishment that charges for rooms starting in the mid-100s will have a few things right. OK, here is what I liked: - The location was fine. It was right within a few blocks of pretty much everything downtown. - The ambience was good. It is a nice-looking older hotel. - The room was sized a bit on the smallish side, but more or less as expected. - The price was good (though better value can be had downtown at other hotels). - When I booked online, I was given a dollar amount with tax. This is EXACTLY what appeared on my bill. This is usually not the case. - The deal we got included parking (which can be a big deal in downtown Seattle). That's a good thing because parking there is $27 a day. Here is what I didn't like: - Check-in was rough. I had booked online through Warwick's own website, but it took 15-20 minutes and a phone call to the reservations manager for them to find our reservation. Not a huge deal. I realize these things happen. - Internet access was an additional $11 per day. Frankly, I would have rather them charge $11 more for the room and throw in internet access for free. Paying extra for internet access didn't sit well with me for a hotel of this sort. - The TV had about 8-10 local channels, and that was all. Anything else was extra. I have seen this before, but usually only in a low-end hotel/motel. - They put us on the third floor (very near the street noise), about 15 feet from the elevator, and right next to an adjoining room with a screaming baby. OK, I get that they were near full capacity, but we couldn't have had a much worse room. - I am not a light sleeper, but hardly slept all night from the street noise. The sound insulation of the windows near street-level needs to be upgraded. We found very little sound difference whether the window was opened or closed - and it is a noisy street. - Both of our beds had a strange short fitted sheet that didn't cover the whole bed. This left our feet to rest directly on the mattress. Very odd. - After finally getting to sleep, housekeeping showed up very early and woke us up. - Under the light of day, I found red stains here and there (on the curtain, mattress, etc.) At first, these appeared as blood, but I realized they were ink or paint. Still, not pleasant to find. I have spent about 200 nights in hotels and motels, and can count the experiences I consider negative on one hand. This was one of them. The hotel itself was OK. I think that the experience may largely depend on the room selection. We got a terrible room, but I don't have the impression that all rooms were that bad. Still my recommendation is to stay at any of the comparably priced hotels within a few blocks of the Warwick. They are all better deals.