As a travel agent myself, I booked my group at this hotel for both the a pre-cruise stay and post-cruise stay. My room faced the Space Needle on both stays making for a great view. I have to say that this had to be the loudest, noisiest hotel room I have ever stayed in anywhere. My 1st night there, Sept. 12th, the city was doing road work on one of the cross streets until 1pm, then at 3pm drunk neighbors were yelling off their balcony to the street people partying in the parking lot below. Doesn't make for a good nights rest after flying for 4 hours and checking in at 10:30pm. If you are a light sleeper (or if you have any problems with night noise), request a back room that faces the back streets and not the space needle. The lobby is so very small so when you have a lot of rooms checking in/out at the same time then there is no room for people to even move at the counter with luggage. I find that this hotel is sold-out often so getting early check-in is hard. I found the rooms to be nothing but standard. I wouldn't consider them anything near 4-star, nor the hotel for that matter. I have stayed in numerous hotels around the world from 2-star to 5-star and this one I ranked as just a room to stopover at prior to the cruise. The room was clean, bathroom was clean but nothing to write home about. The one major thing that the Warwick has going for it is it's location! You can walk to Pike Place Market as well as many places to eat like MaMa's for Mexican. The bellman - Joe, at the Warwick was the best employee that we encountered there. He helped us with informing us with which bus numbers to take to go down to Pioneer Sqaure (there's a free city bus that stops right outside the Warwick that goes to Pioneer Sqaure). He also set up our car service back to the airport for us without even being asked to. Just left us a voice mail in our room saying what time they would pick us up in the morning. It's cheaper to take the car service than a taxi so the hotel can arrange that for you. I did eat 1 meal at the Warwick and that was breakfast, it was fine. $40 for 3 people and all I ordered was the blueberry pancakes. If time had permitted I would have walked to Pike Place Market and ate down there. Bottled water in the room is $4 so run across the street to the grocery store and buy it there, it will be cheaper for you. There is no safe in the rooms and they charge I think $11 per day for internet service. Parking is $26 per day at the hotel unless you get in on one of trhe Weekend Specials. If you have a group going to Seattle, we used Shuttle Express and set up a "private" city tour for 3 1/2 hours and they took us all the places we wanted to go. It was great and they picked us up right at the hotel. Got a really good rate and by having the private tour we didn't have outsiders with us so it made it a lot more fun.