Stayed at the Warwick for a weeklong conference - the room was on a lower floor with a view of a parking lot (and my rate was at least $140-160) - the draftiest room I ever stayed in! A nightly wind across the floor... The neighborhood is perfect - close to everything. Room was clean and the appliances worked. I stuffed the bedspread against the window at night, to lessen the draft. Disappointed that my room rate could not include something nicer, or any view at all, but the city was booked for the conference. (FIX those windows!). Oh, and all I heard all the time was the elevator going up and down... so I didn't have a 'luxury' experience in my estimation. The biggest issue I had was that a housekeeper opened the room, and left the deadbolt in the state that it held the door open. I was staying in a single, came back from my conference, and my ROOM WAS OPEN. Spooked me - I called down after cautiously entering. The manager didn't see fit to come up - just called me back later, asking me if anything was missing. Lucky me, I had forgotten to close the safe, but everything including valuables was still in place. I think the manager could have managed to make an appearance in an instance like this, and I have had experiences in other hotels which were less dramatic, where a manager made an appearance to explain the problem. The restaurant is not good - even breakfasts were hit-or-miss (how do you screw up breakfast?) On the other hand, there are wonderful eateries in the neighborhood - try another venue. The staff in the restaurant were the nicest on staff, though! Oh, and the prices for breakfast in Seattle are shocking - not sure why. On the east coast you can eat like a king for $15 at breakfast - here, I didn't escape for under $22 and didn't necessarily feel full. I was offered a discount on my next stay, after I wrote the chain. But... I cannot imagine a repeat visit to that hotel. If I return to Seattle, I'll be looking for accommodations elsewhere. There are some fabulous hotels (my friends were in them, and some paid no more than I). Seattle's nice people and fun atmosphere were great - if that and a place to sleep are what you're looking for, this could be the place for you.