Well for those who read trip advisor reviews, I hope you will pay close attention to this one. We stayed recently at the Warwick Seattle, for a few nights before continuing our Pacific Northwest journey to British Columbia. We booked through Clipper Vacations, the price was right, and we were told we would really like this hotel. From the moment we walked in there was a definite charm to it; cozy older lobby with a fireplace, 4 clocks from different major cities (I like this feature) and a concierge desk. At the front desk we were greated by a very cold and young front desk agent . No formal greeting no nothing, but a straight and matronly face (we were surprised as she must have been under 20). We asked her not to put us near the elevator in a room number ending in a 6. (We read this on trip advisor). She put us in roon number ending in 8. We went up to the room and this room was right next to the elevator. I immediately marched back down, and asked her to switch the room. (she did without any apology) She moved us 4 doors down. We were in the room for an hour or 2. We noticed it was very cold in the room, and we tried to adjust the heat, it did not work. We called and immediately they came up to try to fix. It was redeemed broken. So we then moved to another 4 flights up. We were in this room 10 minutes, and they called to say they wanted to move us again as there was going to be alot of kids coming in for a wedding and they would be on this floor, so then we moved to another floor ( 4 different rooms). We asked if they could upgrade us to a larger room , they said no because we were on a package rate. I thought this was wrong as were inconvenienced. I was too tired to argue at this point. THE ROOM: the really need to redo standard rooms. The carpet is a checked brown and white, reminded me of an old holiday inn. The lights are very very dim, I guess to save money. The hotel is not in the greatest area and beware of seedy people around there. Brasserie Margaux was terrific and the grocery street across the street (ralph's) is great. I do not think I would stay at the Warwick again.