For our anniversary and my first trip to Seattle, my husband chose the Inn at the Market for our stay due to the high reviews, its location and the services they provide. Although Expedia booked us for a city view room, my husband sent a message to the hotel and told them he was willing to pay for an upgrade to a water view room. We never received a response from the hotel despite that fact that he sent the request for an upgrade two and a half months in advance. Finally my husband contacted them a couple of weeks before our trip and they informed us that they had just booked every room. The town car service is a joke. The first time we used it, the driver (who is also the bell hop) didnt know where the museum was, despite the fact that we had the address and its major cross streets. After driving around the block once, he told us that he needed to get back to the hotel and that maybe we would have better luck finding it on foot. So he dropped us off in the ghetto (he literally dropped us off at the door of a homeless shelter with people loitering, smoking marijuana and talking to themselves). We had no idea where we were or where we needed to be going and we totally stood out. Luckily someone was able to point us in the right direction. The driver had dropped us off about four blocks away from where we asked to go. Had I been that driver I would have at least called the hotel and asked if they could have provided me with directions, not dropped the tourist off in a highly questionable neighborhood telling them that typically the bums dont cause people trouble during the day as a reassurance! Our second experience with the town car was even worse. We had a dinner reservation at the Space Needle for our anniversary and when we inquired about using the town car, we were told that due to the Sea Fair Torch parade and traffic being difficult to navigate that they couldn't be bothered with the town car. (As tourist, one of the times you need a courtesy car the most is when traffic and typical routes are difficult to navigate due to a special event!) At this point we asked what they recommended we do and they suggested a cab or the monorail. We thought maybe the hotel company had a specific cab company they used, but no, they just hail whatever cab happens to be driving by and because the streets were closing down for the parade not a lot of cabs were going by. We ended up taking the monorail which is about five or six blocks away from the hotel. On our walk back to the hotel after dinner we had the pleasure of walking by a suspected gang shooting as it took place (two blocks away from the hotel). We were walking when we heard seven gunshots and suddenly we were surrounded by suspected gang members and police officers with guns and TAZERS drawn. Checking the Seattle Times, we were relieved to learn that only one person was wounded and no one had died, but it obviously wasnt the end to our anniversary night that we had hoped for. With the amount of money we were paying for the room (not to mention the $25 a day to valet the car), I really expected superior service. The view was the best part and it was only "nice", it wasnt worth all the money we were paying. Either they have really poor customer service standards or they treated us poorly because we booked through Expedia, either way I will not recommend that hotel to anyone. It just wasnt worth the money in the long run. To be honest the whole experience really tarnished what otherwise was a wonderful anniversary.