My two sisters, brother in law, and I stayed at this motel as a last resort. We arrived in Seattle on a Saturday afternoon and to our dismay, every single hotel in the downtown area was booked solid. We drove around for hours searching for somewhere to stay the night. At our last stop, Best Western, we were informed that there were no rooms available. The gentleman at the counter then suggested that we try the Kings Inn. It was already midnight by the time we arrived at the Kings Inn. I had my sister go and see if a room was available. She returned a couple of minutes later and told me that the Korean guy who ran the place had assured her that the rooms were very clean. She then made the colossal mistake of booking a room for the night The nightmare began when I was cautiously approaching the room. Several gangsters and prostitutes approached me and asked me if I wanted to go to a party in their room. They looked like they had been on a weeklong booze and drug binge! When I kindly told them no, they began calling me obscene names and flipping me off! Terrified, my family and I ran into the room and tried to close the door, only to discover that it would not shut properly and had no lock on it! We then began to examine the room and our hearts sank in unison. It was an absolute pigsty! It reeked to high heaven and strange formations of mold appeared to be growing on the ceiling. The beds were shoddy and dirty. The mattresses were sunken in the middle and there were bloodstains on the sheets. They smelled like an outhouse! We were horrified! We decided as a group to get a refund and to try to find a hotel outside of Seattle. When we asked the Korean man for a refund he rudely told us that too much time had passed and he was not going to give us our money back. He told us that the best he could do was to give us a new room. We had spent the last of our money on the room and the car was too small to sleep in, so we were forced to stay in that hell hole! When we arrived at the new room, the only thing that had changed was that the door actually had a lock on it. When I inspected the bathroom, I almost retched! The floor, tub, toilet, and sink had suspicious brown stains all over them and the mirror was broken. Later that night when I took off my shoes, I was disgusted when my feet began sticking to the carpet. The further I walked the stickier my feet became! When I sat down and looked at the bottom of my feet, they were completely covered in a revolting black substance! I decided to sleep with all my clothes on that night. It was around 2 am when someone began screaming outside of our room and began pounding on our door! They sounded like they were being murdered! We could hear loud rap music blasting throughout the night and people partying until 5 am! We all spent a sleepless night, too frozen in terror to sleep! The next morning I was itching furiously and had flea bites all over my arms! Needless to say, this hotel is not fit for even animals to inhabit! It should be shut down as soon as possible!