My daughter and her father as well as her grandmother and some friends stayed at the King's Inn for one night before departing on a cruise to Alaska. She told me that when they drove up to it, she thought they were stopping to look at the map and then would be on their way to their actual hotel. She called me and told me that she was staying in "a hole," and at first I ddin't beleive her. But when she told me all of the things she was experiencing: sticky carpets, slow wi-fi, smelly beds, loud traffic outside the window, "creepy" men staring at her and her friends from the third story balcony, outdated bathrooms and many other inconveniences, I agreed that she was staying in a hole. I checked on trip advisor and read the horrid reviews that other people had written. They were staying another night in Seattle, but she and many members of the group felt that it was unacceptable (and that's being nice about it) to stay here. The clerk at the desk the afternoon they arrived was very nice and did not give them any trouble. But the man in the morning was rude. One of the girls on the trip accidentally left a charger to her camera plugged into the wall and when they went back to the King's Inn to ask if anyone had seen it and brought it to the front desk, the clerk (the one who was rude earlier that day) said that he didn't know anything about it and that the maids would have been the ones to have it. But he didn't have a key to the maid's closet and couldn't get ahold of them on the phone to ask. They went back at the appropriate time that the maids were supposed to be there, but they found out that the clerk had told them wrong and that the maids came in the mornings. This place may have been cheap, but she said that she did not feel safe (because sometimes the doors did not lock), and she would have paid some of her own money (that was meant for shopping on the cruise) to stay somewhere else. The rooms could have been dirtier, I suppose, but my daughter told me that the sheets were scratchy and stained and the comforter smelled like something very unpleasant. She was able to joke about how utterly disgusting it was, and it was certainly something that she will never forget.