The Seattle Ace Hotel overtly, if not aggressively, markets itself as a "hip" hotel. So if the rather advanced average age of the guests or the number of families with small children running around the place might make you doubt whether the Ace could really be all that hip, the management prominently displays--in a glass case in a small elevatorless lobby at the top of a very looooooong staircase--several copies of the book, "Hip Hotels USA," wherein one presumes the Ace is favorably and fashionably reviewed. But would true hipness so obviously advertise its hipness? And was Seattle Grunge ever really hip? That last question about grunge refers not to the hip-in-its-day musical sound that grew and flourished in Seattle twenty years ago, but refers to the molds, mildews, fungi, and other sporelike or spineless organisms growing and flourishing just last week in the shower stall and on the bathroom floor of my supposedly "deluxe" room at the Ace. Yes, small rooms, sparse dilapidated furnishings, and almost-all-white interiors do perhaps appeal to a monkish sensibility. But if you need a closet to hang a few of your clothes-- Sorry, there's not one, and no chest of drawers either. You'll have to make do with one of the three hooks on the wall, because that's all you get. I guess the ascetic style, if style is the right word, might be sorta hip in this overly materialistic age (although the room rates at the Ace suggest that the facility's management is not itself overly concerned with excessive materialism). But the thing with the almost-all-white interiors is that they show every fingerprint on doorjambs, cabinets, and window blinds in startlingly black and grimy detail. As to the sparse furnishings, one wonders, Can cheapness be hip? If so, let me put the question more precisely. Is cheapness hip, when it finds expression as particle-board furniture with skin-thin plastic veneer peeling from every corner? Is cheapness hip when it takes the form of an ugly white vinyl window blind adorned with greasey black fingerprint stains all along its lower margin. The stark white vinyl roller blinds, failing badly as an element of interior decoration, at least have the virtue of being easy to clean. But perhaps too much hipness would be lost with the disappearance of a few black fingerprints. Surely hipness must be more easily distinguishable from flop-house-ness. Okay, the flophouse comparison is too harsh (but after another year or so of downhill slide, might not be too far off the mark). A fairer comparison is a typical college dorm room, which would probably be slightly filthier, but with furniture in better condition. So if you think a college dorm room would be a hip place for grownups to hang out, then you'll probably like the Ace. Really, that's it.--a dumpy college dorm room painted white--complete with crumbling particle board furniture--except I forgot to mention the bathroom in our "deluxe room" had a sink that looked a lot like the ones in train sleeper cars in Europe. Wow, how cool is that!?!? Not particularly convenient, as anyone who's ever used a sink in a train car can attest--but how totally cool! And not only did they put one of those sinks in the bathroom, they also put a second one in the bedroom area, too, right where you'd expect to find a nightstand. Since there was no nightstand, we used the sink as a nightstand. No closets, no drawers, no nightstand, but two cool sinks. How cool is that?!?! So when you are brushing your teeth in the morning at the Ace, standing there in front of one of those cool metal sinks almost just like the ones in a Wagon Lits Sleeper, it might make you feel almost like you might have some vague spiritual connection with some really hip place that some really hip train in Europe could take you to. I guess I'm too old to know for sure whether the Ace Hotel is hip or not hip, but I will say that the physical condition and look of the place--the dirty dumpy dorm room style--manifests nothing beyond an immature aesthetic sensibility and a poorly supervised housekeeping staff. My guess is that the Ace's claim to hipness, though perhaps true years ago, has devolved down to a hollow marketing theme--a marketing theme that also serves quite well to disguise and excuse an uninspiring cheapness, a disconcerting uncleanliness, and a run-of-the-mill laziness. Or maybe I'm just not hip. Aside from its deteriorating physical condition, the Ace has other deficiencies, of which the overly "casual" attitude of its staff of never-quite-grew-up-thirty-year-old teenagers is among the least serious. Much more disturbing: Almost two months before my stay at the Ace, I had reserved and paid in full, in advance, for a "deluxe room with king bed." Upon my arrival, my wife and I were sent to the small, dingy room described above. The bed would be king-sized only for a pygmy monarch--barely six feet long and four feet wide, which does not qualify even as queen-sized and is actually a bit smaller than an ordinary double bed. The staff placed us in this depressing room with its tiny bed without giving an explanation or apology, and apparently would have kept silent about the switch if I had not spoken up. When I told the clerk at the desk that there must be some mistake and that we wished to be moved to a "deluxe room with king bed" as described on my reservation receipt, he replied that I could not be moved to another room because the hotel was full. He suggested that the problem was the fault of hotels.com, through whom we booked and paid for the room, but when I called hotels.com customer service, they did not accept responsibility. (The fact is, I don't care whose fault it was; I know it wasn't my fault!) The Ace clerk offered that, since the rack rate for the room I had been given was $20 less than the discount rate that I had negotiated in advance for a "deluxe room with king bed," perhaps a small refund could be arranged. I explained that, even with a refund, I would not have freely chosen to stay in the room I had been given. I would not have freely chosen to have slept in that room at a rate of a half or a third of what they proposed to charge. Indeed, I would not have freely chosen to sleep in that room, much less to bathe in that bathroom, even for free. Eventually, I was promised a slightly larger refund, which I have since received from hotels.com. Yet even if they had let me have the room for free, I would have much preferred to pay more for a better room in different hotel. Unfortunately, with the "Bite of Seattle" in full swing only few blocks away, there was nothing readily available except at an airport hotel. My wife and I were on vacation celebrating a "big" wedding anniversary (I won't say which "big" anniversary because you might conclude that I'm too old to understand true hipness), so I did not want to upset things by wasting precious vacation time disputing with the hotel management or searching for other accommodations. So, under extreme protest, we took the refund, bought a bottle of mold and mildew remover to spray down the shower, and stayed our three nights at the Ace. But Never Again! I don't care how hip they want people to think they are. One last irony that might provide some contrast: It so happens that the weekend before our weekend at the Ace, my wife and I stayed at the Seattle Pan Pacific, which is just a few blocks east. The rates for the two hotels are essentially the same (the Pan Pacific was actually cheaper if you don't count the refund we eventually got at the Ace), but other than that, there is no comparison between the dumpy and worn-out Ace and the lovely and comfortable Pan Pacific, with its interestingly and artfully decorated rooms, done in a contemporary pan-asian style; with its true king or queen beds; with its sumptuous bathrooms with huge jacuzzi tubs and separate walk in showers; with its well-maintained furnishings; and with its professional, polite, solicitous, yet discreet staff. Instead of splitting our Seattle time between the two hotels, I do so wish that we had just stayed on at the Pan Pacific.