NOTE: This hotel should only Have a Holiday Inn grading as it is really only a 3 star hotel. Definitely not up to the standard of a Crown Plaza. ROOMS: Very small and bathrooms are also very small. Shower is over the bathtub with a pull across curtain - most USA Crown Plaza hotels have this type of shower whereby you nearly break your neck trying to navigate stepping into the bathtub. The bathroom door is 4 ft. from the bed head and the toilet is approx 7 ft from the bed head. Difficult to get in and out of the shower as the bathroom is so small. When you flush the toilet it has exactly the same sound as aircraft toilets - Whoooosh!! Sure wakes you up if you flush at night. Bed is ok but the pillows are very small and uncomfortable - we asked housekeeping for larger pillows but they only had the one size. All of the suite rooms back onto all of the 4 lifts so you can expect some noise. The comfort package containes ear plugs! Dont know what we would do if the fire alarm went off! Windows are not double glazed. The suite rooms are not worth the money as they are small and pokey and the bathroom is just so small. We had a suite which we paid full price for on the priorityclub.com booking site but it's definitely not worth anything like the price we paid which was US$263 per night plus 15.6% tax per night. BREAKFAST: Continental breakfast is provided at the club floor on the 32nd level. Very poor choice available and there is very limited seating. Only the one tray of chopped up fruit is available - not much room on the table for anything else except for a few croissants and buns. Very poor continental breakfast as the Holiday Inn Express hotels would have a much better continental breakfast than this, so, not up to the Crown Plaza standard. CLUB ROOM: Club room is on thr 32 floor and only open from 5pm to 7pm Sunday to Thursday plus also open for breakfast on these days. Only a greasy fat pizza plus one other warm finger food type available plus some chopped up fruit. Coffee/tea, water and fizzy type drinks available. No alchoholic drinks available unless you paid for them. Spirits $8, Beer $6 and glass of wine $9. So, dont get excited if you get an upgrade to the club floor and dont bother paying extra for access to the floor as it is not worth it. SECURITY: Reasonable security as you need your key card to operate the lift - we did not see any security guards on duty and the surveilance cameras were only in the receptioin area. POSITION: Good position and about 15 minutes walk to the Pike Street Farmers Market. TOURS: We did the city tour and the Boeing tour which were excellent as we used the tour operator as recommended by the concierge, Christian. These two tours were about the best ones we experienced in the USA as the tour guides were absolutely fabulous and very well informed. The name of the tour operator was "Tours Northwest". IN ROOM SAFE: In room safe was available but it was only affixed to the back of the cupboard and not affixed securely to the wall as per recommended installation instructions. I dont know who wrote some of the other shining reports on this hotel but they must have been drinking their bathwater when they wrote them!! STAFF: Generally most of the staff were ok and fairly obliging