The Crown Plaza Seattle bills itself as a high end, full service hotel. Although this may be true and the hotel is similar to its competitors in this respect, I cant say that CPS is worth what the regular rate is for a room per night. Like most metro hotel locations you are paying for location and branding, certainly not for special perks, free services, free parking or other things I think are necessary to justify a premium price from a hotel. Normally I would not choose to stay at a high-end location such as this on my own dime, however I had a discount available to me, which made the price of the room hard to beat. Upon arriving you are met by pleasant, but visually overworked doormen and bellhops looking to earn a tip. The staff at the front desk is especially courteous, however a computer snafu befuddled the front desk clerk for a few minutes, causing them to ask for the spelling of my name a number of times over and over again and at least one phone call to a supervisor to find my reservation. Crisis averted and reservation found, the clerk returned to her previous calm self and finished my check-in. I had specified a single king bed room, however I was given a 2 double bed room. That didnt matter too much. It was a corner room with an excellent view of I-5 and the west side of Downtown Seattle. I realized why the corner room also had 2 beds, it was because the non-corner rooms in the hotel are too small for 2 queen beds. The room had the normal toiletries, coffee maker and magazines and guidebooks to the local area. There was also a packet containing some aromatherapy spray, a sleep mask and earplugs. On each of the drapes was a clip, branded as part of the hotels sleep assurance program. I definitely liked the idea and wished that other hotels offered the same thing. The biggest issue with the corner room was the noise from I-5. Oh, never mind, that wasnt the biggest issue; it was the mattress. The mattress was horrible. The worst Ive ever slept on in any 4+ star hotel. Every time I rolled around a spring made a pop or whine noise and by morning, my wife and myself were both glad to be done with the night and glad we werent sleeping on this bed another night. I was also surprised about the towels. Towels in places like this are typically very plush and generally nice to use. However all of the towels in the room were thin and harsh to use. These towels were worthy of a Motel 6 or Super 8, but not a Crown Plaza. The towels were clean and bright white, but a location of this caliber should have had much better linens. Bed linens werent much better. I have nicer sheets at home and I purchased them from Costco. In general the Crown Plaza Seattle left me with mixed feelings. If the place was a 3 star property or lower, then the mattress, towels and bed linens would have been excusable, however that just isnt the case. A high-end downtown property that prides itself in being a 4-star or better location should do much better in all the above areas.