I travel extensively and used to the ocassional bumps in the road when it comes to hotels. When I arrived at this hotel in mid-afternoon I was told there were no rooms available to match my reservation request (king bed). After extensive negotiations, a king room became available, albeit a handicapped room. The hotel was selected for a group meeting, and as we gathered for our meeting, conversations centered around the 'need to fix' elements of the hotel. So while it could be said this review is based upon a single individual's experience, our group of twenty confirmed their disappointment with the hotel. The list: - Low water pressure - plan an extra ten minutes for your shower. - Hair dryers were old and had little drying power. I gave up after twenty minutes (usually five minutes or less with a decent hair dryer) as it was raining in Seattle anyway. As an added bonus, when you turn on the hairdryer, the bathroom lights flicker. - There are FOUR elevators on the main floor, however the room floors only have access to TWO of the elevators. One elevator only worked stopping at each floor ASCENDING and didn't stop on DESCENDING The second elevator did stop at descending floors, yet was packed with people. After waiting 10 minutes for an elevator, I opted to get on the 'going up only' elevator, that stopped at every floor (32 of them) then quickly descended to the main floor. NOTE: the hotel staff did admit work was being done on the elevators, however two working elevators for a 32 story hotel is unacceptable. - Room carpet needed cleaning, and the dark walls and decor prompting turning on every light in the room to navigate. Hotel room colors are brown, dark orange, and medium yellow. - Lounge wait staff was very friendly, and service was good. - This hotel is right off the freeway and if you're traveling by taxi, it's easy to get out of the cab and enter the hotel. If you're renting a car and staying at the hotel, there is no space in front of the hotel to leave your car, check in and park. So plan to park your car in the garage and then take your bags with you to check in to the hotel. - If you're okay with horns honking, the freeway exit ramp is located at the hotel entrance, as well as a major left turn from a main street. Any congestion in front of the hotel will prompt usually polite Seattle drivers to honk once or twice to remind folks that the front area of the hotel is a live street lane. Summary: I will choose another hotel for my next trip.