My husband and I booked a Friday and Saturday night stay at the Crowne Plaza on the Intercontinental Hotel website for our anniversary. We were able to get the government/military rate since my husband is active duty Army, which was around $170 for a club level room, which was supposed to include free evening appetizers and a free continental breakfast. We figured that was a good rate for a room on a high floor and basically four free meals, but little did we know that the club level lounge is CLOSED on Friday and Saturday nights! So we got two free breaksfasts. We did receive a coupon for one free appetizer in the Regatta Lounge (the bar inside the hotel) upon check-in. Another problem that we had was that the guest that had stayed in the room we were to occupy that night apparently did not check out. This was the day after the nightmare at the airports because of the foiled terrorist attack, and so I can understand someone changing their travel plans, but they tried to put us in a room that was subpar to what we had reserved. After a few choice words, the manager "found" a room on the 32nd floor and gave us one night of garage parking for free, a $27 value. We had suspicions that this room was probably in the remodeling stage, as there was a loose tile in the bathroom floor and a few small cracks where the ceiling met the walls. Even with the loose tile, the highlight of the room was the bathroom - all marble, new fixtures, a great shower, and lots of towels and toiletries. The other highlight was the bed, which was very comfortable. A few nice touches include the sleep kit, with a music CD and an eye mask; the blackout curtains, which fooled me into thinking it was still dark outside when really the sun was already up; and the hotel escape plan on the door actually lit up at night. It was a very faint light and didn't disturb our sleep at all, and I had never seen this before. I thought it was very clever. I didn't think the elevators were slow at all; we waited one time for maybe three minutes, but otherwise it was just a few seconds. They have a pretty good happy hour in the bar twice daily, and the hotel is within walking distance to everywhere. Even though we could take our car as often as we pleased, it didn't move for two days because we walked everywhere. Overall it was okay, but I think there are nicer hotels downtown for about the same price. If you are in town for a conference and don't really care about the amenities, then this hotel is for you. But if you want to be pampered, go somewhere else. Last year we stayed at the Grand Hyatt, and it was absolutely great. If you can afford it, stay at the Fairmont Olympic - it is divine. If you can't afford it, do what we did and just walk through. It's worth it just to the see the woodwork, and it's only a couple of blocks from the Crowne Plaza.