Nothing "Royal" about it After reading many positive reviews for the Royal Suites, we were very excited to book our 7 night vacation. We were not impressed! The beaches in Punta Cana are about the best you will find! That is about the only positive I can say about this trip.This Grand Palladium complex is enormous, and is geared for a european crowd. At the gift shop/supermarket you cannot find a single publication in English. Not a newspaper, not a magazine! I would say there was approximately 95% German travelers. No more than 2% were english speaking. The food is, at best, mediocre. The one meal that was excellent was the grilled lobster Sunday evening in the Royal Gourmet. We also tried the Asian and Mexican. We did not enjoy either. Buffets were not very good either. Both variety and selection were lacking. The Royal Junior Suite we had was really nothing special. Room was kept acceptably clean. We tipped the maid several times throughout the week. Nothing special was noticed, not even a simple towel animal The bed was terrible, and the pillows worse! We had to ask three times over the course of a day for extra pillows before any were brought to the room. Furniture was old and in need of replacement. Mini-bar was serviced only after requesting at the front desk. It was then stocked with warm beverages. We had to then travel back to the lobby to find cold beverages, which we did for most of the week as the mini bar rarely had anything in it! We thought the way the toilet and shower were laid out was very odd. They were simply like two closets with glass swinging doors on them, with open space on top and bottom. The toilet provided little privacy. The pool area was very nice, but the pool was always in need of a cleaning, and was also in some disrepair. Wood foot bridges over the pool were in need of paint.Loungers were nearly impossible to be had in either the pool or beach areas unless you played the 'towel game'. Even then, we had loungers taken on two occasions when we had towels on them. We heard about a fight on the beach over this. Ridiculous!! We also found some of the loungers to be broken.We found the service to be hit or miss. Mostly miss! Along with the pillow and mini-bar issues mentioned earlier, restaurant service was no better. Table set-ups were many times missing silverware. Asking for coffee several times, being repeatedly told it was on the way, and then never getting it. Having to go to the bar to get your own drinks during dinner because your waiter never comes back to check on you. I could go on.Punta Cana has become an extremely popular vacation destination. The amount of people traveling there has increased greatly in the last few years. The Punta Cana Airport is already undersized, and very inefficient. Lines were incredibly long and disorganized, with no one to offer direction. Out of six or eight security stations available, two were open. They just haven't figured out how to deal with large crowds. I just can't understand how so many reviewers can say this is a great resort. Were we just there on a bad week? I don't think so.We have traveled extensively in the Riviera Maya of Mexico, as well as several other Caribbean destinations. There are much better resorts to be found.But, as they say-To each his own.This was our third trip to the DR. Once to Puerta Plata, twice to Punta Cana. It will be our last.