Do your best and stay away from here. We saw the website and fell into the trap. The website looks pretty nice, and for the Seattle area the price wasn't too bad. Unfortunately, it's a trap. First off, they don't guarantee any parking. This is pretty crappy, because it is the downtown Seattle area, so parking can be hard to come by. They have a garage that is a few blocks away, so if you're lucky (or unlucky) you'll park here. We did. I didn't enjoy it. It is underneath a grocery store and there are a million pigeons in it (they make a serious mess, and I think you get the picture). The doors to the garage are locked at around 10P. So if you want/need to leave at night, I think you're out of luck. The front desk staff was quite rude to us. They really didn't care about any problems that were reported to them, and they were more concerned with chatting with each other, rather than the guests. The room we were stuck with was terrible. Yes, it had a view of the Space Needle, but that doesn't make up for the problems. The ceiling was a complete mess. It was quite obvious that they have/had serious water damage. The doors (hallway door and bathroom door) did not shut very well at all. The bathroom was the worst problem. The ceiling was twice as bad as the main room. The mirror/medicine cabinet that was hanging on the wall was barely attached. It had a small shelf below it and it was falling off the wall. All of the tiles around the fixtures in the shower/tub were falling off the wall. Literally. The only thing that was holding them in place was the fact that they were attached to each other and their weight held them up there. The paint in the bathroom looked like it hadn't been painted since the building was built (and that wasn't recently). The black mold all over everything was a real nice touch also. You have to ignore a problem like this for a long time to get fur that long. The rooms all come with a small switch/hub for internet. Unfortunately you have to bring your own CAT5/e cable, that means no WiFi. The TV was big. The breakfast was terrible. There were a couple small over ripe pieces of fruit and some sort of bread product. I've stayed a lot of places that offered bad continental breakfasts, and this was the lowest on the scale.