Although old, the hotel is charming....at first. the rooms were fine. a full bed, kitchenette, bathroom, and walk in closet in a small area. our major issue with the hotel was that the bathroom was not working properly and staff was unhelpful. when we first arrived i could hear the toilet running. when i went to use the bathroom and flush it would not flush at all. luckily my husband was able to fix it for the moment or else i would have been very embarrassed having hotel staff do it. also, i kept hearing the sound of a fire alarm that had low battery.....that 'cheep' every 60 seconds!!!! i could hear it with the doors closed and the tv on. i called to complain about it as it was difficult to sleep. all it needed was another battery. i am unsure if they did anything about it that night or not. the next morning when taking a shower we discovered that the bathtub was clogged and when taking a shower water poured out of both the shower spout and the bath spout. the bath spout water was scalding hot so you had to try to stand in such a way so that the water didn't burn your feet as it puddled up due to the clog. also, the shower head is situated at shoulder level (but that was the least of our problems!). again, we were still having toilet problems. we complained when we left the hotel for the day about the bathroom issues. we left at 10am. when we returned at 5pm there had been no change. we had to complain AGAIN and this time they sent the maintanence man to work on the toilet and finally change the smoke detector battery!!!! so that was fun sitting on our bed while the man worked on the toilet! anyway, i guess there were several problems with the toilet b/c once he fixed the problem and left, the toilet was then just running non stop. we complained AGAIN and they offered to change our room. they gave us keys to a room 2 doors down and when we walked in we could hear water running! the bathtub spout was leaking....not just dripping but running and no matter how tightly you turned the dials the water was just pouring out. we decided to stay at our room b/c at least we could turn the water off for the toilet! uggh! the staff just laughed when we told them that. they were not bothered or embarrassed or anything. that's what really got me. the fact that the staff does not keep up the place or try to fix things that are an easy fix is really sad. this would otherwise be a decent place to stay. some things to be aware of: 1. i would not recommend staying here in the summer as it does not have a/c...maybe some rooms do but ours did not. there is a ceiling fan but ours was so noisy it was better not to use it. also, opening windows isn't really an option b/c there are no screens so unless you want a bird or bugs flying in, i wouldn't recommend that. 2. there are no elevators so if you are handicapped that might be a problem. one lady we met there walked with a cane. she was upset that no one offered to help her. apparently she had to park far away and bring her luggage to the hotel and no one was able/willing to assist her. we did not have a car so i cannot speak to the car parking issues. i'll end on the positives 1. the area is cool. alot of restaurants. some recommendations: Tini Bigs (awesome martinis!!!!), Rice and Spice (excellent Thai- try the pumpkin curry!!!), Chutneys (great Indian- i'd recommend the marsala! i would not recommend the seafood tandoori- the salmon had bones in it). 2. very close to the space needle! 3. having the free shuttle is a nice touch and was always available when we needed it (although it is only available until 5pm). all in all, i'd spend a little extra to have a functional toilet/smoke detector/some a/c!