As many other travelers have noted, this is a beautiful old building (actually a former apartment building) on the fringe of downtown Seattle. The hotel is located at the foot of Queen Anne Hill, a lively commercial and nightspot area. The building itself has a lot of potential. It was built around the turn of the 20th century, and is loaded with "Old World Charm", as they say. The owners have tried - rightly - to capitalize on this heritage, with historic photos on the wall, and Victorian-style potted palms and plants in oversized urns. There are lovely oriental carpets and the rooms are large- - they are really "single" apartments (size-wise they are between a one bedroom and a studio). So what's the problem? There are a few, actually. We noted that the management has TRIED to capitalize on the historic nature of the building, but they have come up a bit short. To wit: The aforementioned potted plants? Fake. The oriental carpets (and the rest of the carpeting, for that matter) were tired and dingy. Not filthy, but dowdy. The red carpet (a nice touch) on the marble steps at the main entrance was marred by two crushed cork-tipped cigarette butts on the night we arrived. These details belie a standard of cleanliness and care that is noticeably below par. The place aims to be your glamorous old aunt but actually comes off a bit dowdy. The old girl needs a good scrubbing and some TLC. Then there is the matter of service. We have stayed at the Marqueen three times, and the service has been uneven. Sometimes very good, but more often simply lackadaisical, and occasionally surly. (Open note to management: An establishment that employs a "doorman" should instruct that person to OPEN THE DOOR for people as they approach, and not merely watch as patrons struggle to do so on their own). One gets the impression that these problems -- irritating though they may be -- are not insurmountable. Nothing that a visit to the beauty parlor for the building, and a refresher course in boardinghouse manners for the staff couldn't cure.