I am a regular with hotels, as my business requires me to travel frequently. I booked this hotel for a one night stay in order to photograph Seattle. I try to review various hotels, especially if the experience is significant. The Mayflower Park was a massive disappointment in -Appearance -Accommodation -Most importantly, customer service. Check-in was average; however I noticed that in the "business center" (standing kiosks only) we could see guests conducting their business at computer stations. The room was shabby at best, and about the size of a closet. We walked in and noticed that the room was dingy, small, and had only one bed. I am disabled; room size is easy to overlook, if the room is presented acceptably and I can get around. We requested a second bed: No can do. We requested audience with a manager and let him know very clearly we were not happy. He was accusatory and combative, but kindly offered a roll-away bed. We finally conceded, and the manager continued to be combative. After that was over, we decided to see the city. Apparently the hotel was connected to access for various methods of transportation. Not for us; we were sent outside and around the building as the result of an event happening at the hotel. Again, I'm disabled which is unfortunately clearly visible. Regardless, we were sent outside in slick rain on concrete, with no assistance offered by doormen. I had to grapple down wet cement stairs and into rain. After clearing yet another flight of stairs, we made it to our transportation. Upon our return to the hotel, we called to request a roll away. After four hours and three calls to the front desk, it came. An employee set it up, and left absolutely no clear path to the restroom as a result of the small room. That is not possible for me-again, he could see that I was in need of better accommodation, so he moved furniture all over the place attempting to clear a small opening for me to reach a restroom in the night. Up to this point the entire hotel experience had not only been inconvenient, but extremely dangerous. Then our neighbors chirped in. We could hear the conversations of hotel guests in rooms next to us through the walls. The next morning, we checked out. We looked to the front desk after checkout, just in time to see the hotel's (very) young manager clearly talking about us as we walked away. It was one of the most demoralizing experiences of my life.