I read thNe reviews, saw the location and price and decided that booking a room here was a good idea. My advice:don't do it people, just don't. Go for a brand name hotel, and pay a little more. That way, if something goes horribly wrong, you may have a shot at getting some kind of resolution. This is a true story, swear to God: my husband went to wipe himself off with a towel-twice while taking a shower and both of the towels had fe..s on them. Yes, fe..s. He flipped out and took the towels to the front desk. The manager was not there, and upon checking out, I explained to the girl at the front desk that not only was this appalling, but dangerous. Particularly to my one month old baby. I also told her, that I did not feel like I should pay for our stay there. I did pay though (Dumb. In retrospect, I should not have), because I just thought I would settle this with the manager later. My thought was the manager would listen to what happened to us, and act appropriately. That didn't happen. I emailed "Mike", the manager, then followed up with a phone call. He basically called m a liar, said that "never in my career have I ever heard of something like this", to which I replied, "Well I haven't heard of anything like this either in all my years of traveling, but this really did happen." He then proceeded to give me the third degree about where the towels were located, when this happened blah blah, etc. It was very apparent that he felt that this was some creative attempt on my family's part to get a refund. God, what a jerk. I am POed all over again just writing this. I asked for a refund, he said no, then I told him that I would need to file a complaint with the BBB. He then said, "Go ahead! I don't care, you can threaten me all you want!" Uh, no Mike this isn't personal, just horrendous customer service. Like, on very level imaginable. Whatever. I told him, fine. If this is the way you choose to handle this. I filed a complaint w/the BBB. come to think of it, I think I'll contact The Health Department too.