We booked Moore hotel after reading all the positive reviews on Travel Advisory. I generally find the reviews helpful, and thus thought all the good reviews for the Moore Hotel were an indication of a potentially positive experience and I really looked forward to it. On the contrary, it turned out to be a very short and bitter experience. Okay, it's low cost, and in the end, you get what you pay for. But it just does not deserve all the positive reviews... The one and only elevator broke down (not the first time according to another guest), so that was a struggle for someone at the 6th trying to bring luggage up or down. No airconditioning, but instead a small fan was provided to help the guest battle the July Seattle heat. The telephone was poor quality and one could hardly hear the other line. Parking was a block away, meaning one would have to walk a block back to the hotel even late at night in a neighborhood of old buildings, homelesss and lower-end nightclubs. The window pane in our daughters' room was broken and was open and difficult to close. The allegedly excellent staff were not very helpful. When my daughter complained about the broken lift, the comment was there were a million and a half other things to do. A sketch to tell me where the secure parking area was located was inaccurate and I had to drive around several times before finding it. One chap behind the counter was completely useless, just giving me a blank stare whenever I asked a question. He was the one who drew the inaccurate map to the parking lot. When we complained about the broken window, we were told that there was no risk since the window could not be opened (which was not true) and and anyway the hotel would not offer that room if it were not safe. We stayed all of one hour. We booked two rooms, but we only occupied one room while deciding whether to stay or move elsewhere. When we finally decided to move, they insisted that I pay for the full night for both rooms, even if we didn't touch the other one (we did go in and have a look). I had no choice but to pay, otherwise they would just charge my credit card. They gave me a statement but no receipt, and had absolutely no sympathy for our situation, insisting that this was a business and that their policy was what it was. After this experience, I will now have to check twice as long and hard at the reviews to make sure I won't get fooled again.