I booked a reservation at the Executive Hotel Pacific weeks ago, for a two day business trip. My reservation was confirmed and there was no notification that the status of my reservation had changed at all, but when I attempted to check in the front desk informed me that the hotel was overbooked and there was no longer a room available for me. This is where the adventure started. The girls at the desk, without asking me first, made reservations for me at a different hotel and *informed me* that my only option was to spend the night at this different hotel. When I asked for more information about the new hotel, The 6th Avenue Inn, they proceeded to lie to every question I asked. I asked if it was of a comparable quality to their hotel, they said yes, of course. It's absolutely not - it's a budget hotel with peeling, paint, dirty carpets, and smells like urine. I asked if it was still in a downtown location, they said yes, it was only a few min away from the Executive Pacific. It is not, it's at least a 20 min walk away and in a completely different, run-down part of the city on the fringe of down town. I asked if it was still in a nice area with a nice view and restaurants and shops nearby - they said yes, it's a lovely hotel that's right in the heart of a bustling shopping area. It is not - my room overlooks a parking lot and a highway, and the only things next to this hotel are a police station and a McDonalds. They proceeded to whisk me into a cab, they women from the front desk said "Don't worry, we'll tell the cab driver where to drop you off" - the cab then dropped me off at the Pan Pacific hotel, who, when I tried to check in there, informed me they had no idea what I was talking about. The *very nice* staff at the Pan Pacific then called the Hotel Executive to figure out what the hell was going on, and then informed me that the cab took me to the completely wrong hotel. They were also nice enough to have their town car drop me off at the 6th Avenue Inn at no charge, and the driver even accompanied me into the lobby to make sure that I had arrived at the right location this time! The Pan Pacific was booked solid, which is too bad, because they were absolutely lovely and I would have just stayed there! Once I arrived at the 6th Ave Inn and discovered it was COMPLETELY NOT what had been described to me by the Pacific staff, nor was it in any way worth the price I was paying per night at the Pacific, I called the Pacific and said that at this point I was exhausted and very upset, and they really needed to do something to rectify the situation - I did not want to spend the night in a room that smelled like urine. (No offense, 6th AVE - I will say that the people at your front desk were also lovely and kind to me - It seems every hotel in Seattle has professional staff EXCEPT for the Hotel Pacific.... Hm.) The woman who answered the phone informed me that there were no supervisors at the hotel in the evenings (Excuse me??? Are you kidding me??). After some back and forth, she agreed to call her manager's cell phone, but he or she did not pick up so now I am stuck at the 6th Ave Inn, it's already 8:30pm (and my body thinks it's 11:30pm EST), and apparently I'm having dinner tonight at McDonalds. Welcome to Seattle.