My work booked me and a colleague into this hotel, and I tried to change after I had read the tripadvisor reviews...but for various reasons this proved impractical, and so we stayed here for 5 nights in May. Beautiful weather (surprisingly), and a fabulous location for the work I was doing, but the hotel lurched between quirky and decrepit (and occasionally sullenly incompetent) depending on my mood... The entrance area is split across three levels, which require either a downstairs drag or an upstairs hike with your luggage (the porter can be seen running away into the left luggage room as you approach). The reception is polite but unhelpful as they don't really cater for the sort of needs travellers may have (Power adapter? No. Stamps? Of course not). They issue two room cards despite there being only me, and they had actually booked out four rooms for a total of 16 nights for us (though this may not be their fault). The rooms are definitely small, especially by American standards, but would it really have hurt to provide a suitcase stand to help out with the squeeze? The bathroom was a very tight fit (and I am tall and felt I had to concertina up to sit down), but more or less functional. The 'robe' provided would barely have covered my modesty if I could have got it around my shoulders (more like a souvenir tea towel), and I wonder if this is a favourite trick of hotels to save themselves doing a bit of laundry. Did they not notice they had put a size 0 robe in a big man's room? Had a great view of the Koolhuis Library next door, and was across the hall from the very small 'Cardio Room' that has one running machine, one cross trainer and one stationary bike, as well as the ubiquitous television set that Americans can't seem to operate without. Free WiFi didn't function for most of my stay. Had a couple of drinks in the downstairs bar, but having to call the lift and struggle with its doors (both opening and closing) is a bit ridiculous when you are only on the second floor. The internal decor of Jasmine's bar is for seventies glam nostalgics only, and if you were there then, it is likely that if you left anything tucked under the sofas it is probably still there. American service always amuses me because they promise so much (and so cheerfully) and delivers so little (with serious expressions that suggest the end of the world could not be put off quite long enough to do you the service they said they would). In general, despite an apparently recent multi-milllion pound refit, this place gives the impression of a run down flop house, with a blind interior decorator getting the gig. It doesn't need to be this way, and the management should get their act together, especially considering the quality of the local competition.