I stayed in this hotel, with a friend, over the weekend of the 19th-21st September. I had stayed there before and recommended my friend book on the basis of my last stay, which was reasonable. But that was definitely not the case this time around. There were so many disappointing things about our weekend at the Executuve Hotel Pacific........ 1.We were placed in a room directly opposite the elevators on the 5th floor. The noise from the elevators and other guests returning home until the early hours of the morning was very loud (and i am usually a heavy sleeper, and i could still hear it clearly , on and off, throughout the night). Also the cleaning staff made such a racket in the morning it was difficult to sleep past 7am. 2.We made a specific online request to have a small fridge in the room for medications. This was obviously ignored online, as were our pleas to have something done about it when we checked in. Previously, in other similar hotels, we were offered a small portable fridge/cooler for the exact same purpose. 3. The air conditioning did "work" (ie turn on) but produced a worrying, burning smell when it was turned on (as if it had not been used for weeks). So we tried to open the window which was stuck down, so we could only open in a few cm to try and let some cool, fresh air into the now stuffy room. 4. The bathroom was small, but the size itself wasn't the main issue. The shower head had virtually no pressure and the toilet was VERY, VERY noisy every time we flushed (and we could hear the toilets of adjacent rooms quite clearly too). Very old, poor plumbing. 5. When we suggested to the front desk staff that they should move us because of all of the above reasons, they said they were fully booked for our first night but could change our rooms for the second night. We agreed. When we presented to the front desk for our new room the next day, the new staff member stated nothing had been documented in their book about a room change, and again they were booked out so they could not help us. In fact, they freely admitted that they had just used up the last room for the guest who checked in minutes before, and they had overbooked...so they still had to find rooms for 4 guests who had yet to check-in. Not something that i imagine a reputable hotel does(or admits to their other guests!). So all up, we were glad to check-out and will not be returning to this hotel. Next time we will gladly pay a few extra dollars for a decent hotel room and some service!