We stayed here from Aug. 13 to 16, 2008 and was given the third room from the elevators on the 7th floor. On the whole, the stay was OK and I would come back again. That said, there are things which irked me and could/needs to be improved for sure. Rooms: Clean, older, and pretty small. Best suited for a couple. Bathroom: Very small (probably the smallest sink I have ever encountered). but clean. On the plus side, the shower heads worked well and there were no mould or cracks. On the minus side, there is very little counter space and I can see the bathroom being a tight squeeze for larger individuals (I'm pretty tiny at 5 feet 2 and 115 lbs) Noise: The walls are very thin indeed - we had a baby next door and heard it crying into the night. If you are lucky enough to have quiet neighbours, then things should be OK. We could also hear the hum of the elevators (this is not constant, but occasional), but this did not bother us too much (if you can sleep through the hum of an airconditioner for example, then it should not be no problem). Amenities: Room had a good size TV and a clock radio which you could plug your Ipod into. There's free wireless Internet in rooms (a computer is also available in the sitting/lobby area for those without personal laptops). There is a cardio room and Seattle's Best Coffee outlet just downstairs connected to the hotel. Location: Fabulous and very central to Pioneer Square, Pine/Pike Street, Waterfront, Chinatown, Pike Place - all within walking distance. Please also check out the modern Seattle Public Library building across the street - not listed in any tourist guide, but absolutely beautiful - go to the third and 10th floors in particular. Hotel: Lobby areas are nice, although external looks old. Valet Parking: $19 per day (not including taxes) Overall, our stay was good. I was very wary at first and nearly did not book this hotel after reading reviews (I'm pretty particularly about cleanliness and location), but can't complain too much having stayed there for three nights.