Approximately three weeks ago, my husband, our dog and myself were repeat guests at the Executive Pacific Plaza Hotel for a quick business trip. Just the month prior we had stayed there for 5-days along with my father for my son's graduation and had a great time. The majority of the staff was quite friendly and inviting. The price was very affordable, the rooms were nice and the location was amazing for our needs. The only challenge I encountered was when I reserved the room and asked the very nice reservationists that confirmation be directed via e-mail so I could forward my fathers for his itinerary as he was traveling up from California. I was assured this would occur, it did not. For the most part the experience was great; so I had been talking up this property with is affordability and location. When I needed to return for business, I again selected this property due to the positive experience three weeks prior. Although, this time I booked my reservation on-line through a third party so that I would immediately receive a confirmation as well as itinerary for my travels and that is exactly what occurred. I called the property in advance to confirm arrangements and informed them that we would be bringing our dog again. They confirm acknowledgement. Upon arriving at the property, I mentioned that we were returning after just three weeks of our previous visit, of which was acknowledged. We were assigned our room, which when we entered we were not quite so impressed. The room was located in a wing of the hotel, where at the end of the hallway there were four rooms clustered and there were hand written signs on the room doors around ours stating that they were painting. It was located on the same floor as our previous room, although rather than a king bed there was a queen. The room was very small and cramped with a view of all of the back of the house workings and systems, although we would not be staying long so this was not a big issue. From the time we checked in until I needed to leave for my event at 5:00pm, there was the sound of possibly a paint sprayer, which did not cause too much discomfort. We returned back at the hotel at approximately 11:30pm, very tired from a total of 4-days of travel and early to late events. We slept just fine until promptly at 7:47am we were awaken by the sounds of staff yelling back and forth to each other. This stopped for about 50 minutes until it again began. We decided it was time to pack up and leave anyway, so no big deal (I guess?). My husband took the dog out for a walk and then to put her in the car while I continued to prepare for our departure. He came back to tell me that when he went back to our car, he found that it had been broken into. He contacted the garage attendant and was told that it was a 17 level garage and this happens all the time. This is the only offered parking by the hotel. At this point, weighing out the entire experience in such a limited stay, I was now feeling quite disappointed and decided to share my experience with management. So upon check out I asked the very nice front desk attendant if I could speak with a manager in regards to my experience and she stated that she was the Front Desk Supervisor and did I wish to speak with the General Manager. I told her I was comfortable speaking with her if she was comfortable with that and she then could share with her GM. She said yes. I went on to explain my entire experience, of which she empathized and then I added that it appeared apparent to me that I was penalized by booking through a third party with the room assignment and even when the opportunity was raised to upgrade me, no one chose to and I was quite confident their hotel was not at 100% occupancy. I also stated that they new there would be construction noise and that they could have given me the option of whether I would or would not be bothered by it in advance. She did not argue these facts. She offered to credit the parking charge and said that she would have credited my room night charge, but that I had already paid????? That was just insult to injury at that point. I do have to say that after all was said and done we were treated better by the parking garage management, who graciously offered to vacuum out all of the glass in our car from the window the thief broke at no charge, so that we could let our dog in I have been in the hotel management business for the past 10-years and believe I have an understanding point of view, although all and all, I have never have my patronage so unappreciated. The hotel has so much potential and I understand that it just recently changed ownership/management in July. But they need to remember that they just need to make people feel special and that goes a long way to the guest experience, regardless of the things that are out of their direct control. It has now been three weeks and I have not had any follow-up from the hotel. All and all, my experience was disappointing!