Probably the worst hotel in which I've ever had the (un)privilege of experiencing. In my more than fifteen years of travelling I don't that I've ever actually starting crying in the hotel room because the hotel room was so terrible. Upon arriving on the late morning of Tuesday, March 13, 2012, the valet was most helpful. We found parking quick and easy. (Although the parking garage needs some much brighter lighting; the parking felt a bit unsafe it was so dark down there.) The front desk girl was happy, smiled, and greeted us warmly. She upgraded us from a $130 room to a corner suite with a king bed for $30 more. Oh, and parking is an additional $35. So, total cost: $190. (We booked through Hotwire, but I've started noticing a trend lately: hotels at which you a book a room via Hotwire more often than tend to have a negative, slightly-unwelcome attitude toward you than their other guests. The Renaissance was one of those hotels.) The room on the fifth floor was clean. Cosy. A bit dark. The room was a north-east facing room, overlooking the: I-5 highway. The bed was clean. Everything was nice and fine. This was the afternoon when we checked in. We went out for dinner and returned around 10 PM. The noise from the I-5which has got to be at least 9 lanes of traffic across is itwas absolutely DEAFENING! It was so bad that my wife had to turn up the TV and I had to grab a blanket and sleep on the couch in the room furthest away from the bedroom. Lame. The noise was still bad, but after much exhaustion in trying to get comfortable on a couch made for a child, and the noise that never stopped, I finally fell asleep. I actually contemplated sleeping in my car in that dark parking garage to get away from the non-stop sound of traffic. At 3 AM, I awoke and went to the bedroom. Still the noise from the never-ending traffic outside was so overwhelming I had to go back to the couch. So, there I slept, for probably 5 hours and not much more, thanks to the hotel room. Why are there double-paned glass windows on a hotel that faces a freeway? Why did the check-in girl not ask us if we wanted a room facing the freeway? Why did the girl at the front desk upon check-out the next morning not ask us how are stay was? Well, if you and your hotels owners want to know what we thought of our stay, just read my story above. Oh, and I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Ever. I will never use this chain of hotels again and I and my wife will most likely never use Hotwire again. That was just a lame experience in an otherwise beautiful city.