From reading these reviews, it sounds like a complete different hotel than the one we stayed at. We stayed 9/12-9/15 and had a room on the "club level" floor 26. To say the rooms needed updating was an understatement. I am not usually one to care about what decade a style is in, but is a problem is when decades of dirt cause everyone in the room to itch and produce a rash. This was the case. Everytime we left the room, we could breath and did not itch. Return to the room and it began again. Carpet is a multi dark color which did a lot to hide the years of goodness knows what. We did not dare walk barefoot. Carpet was also tore up in every doorway and tiles were loose in the bathroom. Usually when a hotel remodels it starts with the most expensive room, so remodels are a long way off. Beds were beds, nothing special. Bathroom the size of a closet, forget closing the door, it was not possible. For those that need to know, friends of ours requested a handicap room because one of them is in a wheelchair. There is no handicap room! It is a regular room with a couple of shower bars as a minumum legal requirement. NOT ONE SERVICE PERSONAL other than check in and the bar of course, spoke complete and coherent English. You need to know this if you want to communicate with housekeeping staff, or anyone in the gift store. It is incredibly frustrating to tell housekeeping to please leave extra towels over and over and have to draw pictures. The so called "parking garage" is unmanned on entry and completely unsafe! You need to know this. It is in a dark, shadowed underground with exceptionally tight spaces. Elevators are not clear. You actually have to enter doorways to stairs and go up a flight to reach an elevator in some places. ANYONE can be in these stairways and believe me in this part of town, anyone is. BE CAREFUL! Check in however was a breeze, check out also. This is where the English speaking folks are hidden. And the bar too of course, where they want to take your money without aggrevating you. However, please note, my credit card has been charged twice for the entire stay and I am having the worst time resolving the issue. For some reason, they feel compelled to keep connecting me to the "front desk" of the hotel. These folks do not do billing. I am still trying after 2 days...