I'm trying to keep my review within guidelines, because I feel it's important for people to know the kinds of business practices we ran into. We stayed at the Hilton for two nights, on the second night we were having our wedding reception at the top of the Hilton. All the booking went smoothly, the room was decent (exectutive sweet) and not overpriced, since we got a discount for having our reception there. The problems arrived later during our reception, and here is a short summary of things that happened. -Elevators were having issues off and on throughout the night. -Myself and several others from the reception were stuck in the lobby, and couldn't get back up to the reception due to elevators not working, and the key card we were given not working to go back up -The DJ closing the party early since only a few were at the party (no one could get back up) -Hilton Staff locking up the room, and not allowing us entrance to gather our belongs, or use the reception room for the additional hour and a half is was booked for by contract -A Hilton staff member challenging me to a fist fight, telling me to hit him, after I got aggravated and insisted he let us back up. -Having the head of security apologize for the actions of said staff member. -Finally getting back to the executive suite at least, to stay the rest of the night. -Having the police show up, because my wife assaulted the Hilton staff member who tried to fight me, be putting a hand on him and getting between the two of us, even after security had apologized to us. -After the police left, from hearing our story, an hour later (so long because the elevators were broken again) the night manager and security officer showed up to kick us out, for above mentioned assault, and we should be glad an arrest wasn't made. -After threatening to get lawyers involved for the breach of contract, being told we can stay. -Getting a call 15 minutes later from the night manager to apologize to me, and being told that we would work out some sort of discount for our trouble. -Waking up in the morning finding that we were double charged for the room, and parking for vehicles that were not ours. -Dealing with people that were at first nice, saying they would work on getting charges reversed and would call us right back. -Finding out that the Hilton made additional charges not outlined in the contract without consent -Being told that they're only willing to reverse a small portion of the charges, because the staff there says our story is false. So in the end, they breached our contract, and refused to credit us back for it. Not sure if we'll take any further action because we're already burned out from the abuse we received.