This is the absolute worst Hilton that I have ever stayed in. We are Gold HH members, travel a lot, and this is the absolute worst Hilton in the world. We were on the last leg of a two week vacation with our 10 year old daughter that took us to Hilton properties in South Lake Tahoe CA all the way to Whistler BC. I would rate the other Hiltons as "Excellent" First of all they charge you $9.95 a night to use the internet in your room. The free wireless internet is only available in the Executive Lounge (small converted guest room) or in the lobby. We went up to the Executive Lounge and it was comical. There were business people packed elbow to elbow on their laptops using the "free" internet eating and drinking their "free" food. What a sight! I'm sure that they could de-congest the Executive Lounge if they didn't charge for the internet! We stayed on a Hilton Honors floor, but noticed that dirty dishes and newspapers in the hall weren't picked up for the three days that we were there. The excercise room is about the size of a walk in closet and they have two treadmills and a stepper jammed in there. The only people who provided any sort of customer service were the Bellmen. Front desk personnel and management that I delt with have no customer service skills. My car was parked in the Hilton garage and my window was smashed out and my car was ransacked. Hilton Security simply left a business card on my smashed window and took the time to sweep the glass off of the ground. I discovered that Hilton Security knew that my car was broken into and let it sit there with a smashed out window for over two days! Did they notify me? NO! After a series of failures by Hilton staff I was put in touch with Seattle Hilton's Director of Security. I asked him why I wasn't notified that my car had been broken into. His response "It is not our policy" and "it's not in the parking manual". Hilton Honors stated that the GM would contact me on Monday. Well here it is Wednesday and no response. I finally drafted a lenghty letter to Hilton Corporate HQ regarding the Seattle Hilton.