Bear with me - long review... but detailed for those who care!!! To start off, we looked for a hotel in downtown Seattle for we were going to the International District (Chinatown) for four days. My main preference was to have an indoor pool (who knows what the weather will do, so you can't go wrong with that,) and our budget was under $125/night. We got a deal of $100/night at Hotels.com and they indeed had an indoor pool. I've had interesting experiences renting hotels from just seeing websites, and this one was one of those times. The parking is BiZaRRe - not only does MapQuest or RandMcNally.com tell you they can't find it on the map, but if you find it yourself while driving around you only have 2 ways to enter the lot... if you overshoot the entrance then you end up on the frickin' highway. Moving on... check-in was crazy... a TON of people were having problems checking in (from online reservations of all things) and surprisingly when it was our turn they found our reservation easy and got us a parking permit and 2 keys without a problem. However, we booked a king and got to the room and it was 2 doubles, and 1 key didn't work. Bleh... I was tired and my husband and I just took advantage of more space and slept on the separate beds instead of stand in line to complain about that error. Bathroom was good, carpet was ok - not the horrible conditions I expected when reading everyone else's reviews. Thought maybe I'd have a view from the window, but all I got was a lovely view of the Travelodge right behind us (teeny tiny view of the Space Needle if you look at the right angle.) Definitely within walking distance to the Space Needle and only a few blocks to restaurants, the malls/stores downtown, and only a few (drivable) neighborhoods away from the International District. The pool's location isn't that great - right behind the hotel lobby (so much for privacy.) But the pool is really clean, and the adjacent hot tub was nice - could easily fit 8 (10 kids probably.) We opted for dim sum downtown every morning, but the one morning I decided to check out the breakfast I saw a pretty decent spread - lots of fresh bagels, huge fresh muffins, a juice machine, coffee, yoplait yogurt cups, and I saw them putting away eggs and turning off the waffle machine - and that's a lot of good food in my opinion. Overall, I'd give it an 8 out of 10 - only an 8 because they did screw up the room and the parking sucked - if there were no vacancies then there wouldn't be enough spots - good luck on the street. The Holiday Inn Express across the Street had the same parking issues, and the Travelodge behind us looked 4x more run down than where we stayed. But for the money and the indoor pool and the breakfast and location, I really don't have any major complaints.