I recently checkout of the Sheraton Hotel located at 1400 6th Ave Seattle, WA. I I checked into the hotel(room 723) on March 12 after my check in was complete and I was about to walk away I was handed a letter stating that the hotel will not have water from 10am - 2pm that day. At this point I find it extremely rude to give this to me after I have checked in as an oh by the way type of approach this information should have been presented before I completed check in. At 4pm on March 12 I tried to take a shower but when I turned the facet to the hot water it was extremely cold. I turned the facet to the cold water section thinking maybe the streams where crossed during the outage but that to was cold. I ended up using the warm section but this was lukewarm at best. I chalked it up to maybe the water system just needed time to get warmer since the outage. I went about my night. During the night I kept hearing a loud metal clinking noise which I believe was coming from the heating system. This loud noise happened every 15-20 minute needless to say I did not sleep. On the morning of March 13 I went to take a shower after my night of no sleep. I turned the water to hot and it was still flowing as ice cold water. I tried the cold section again and it too was ice cold. I once again took a lukewarm shower. I went to the desk to check out around 7:45 when asked about my stay I told the "trainee" who was completing my check out about the noise and water situation. She apologized for the issues and I asked for the number to your corporate office she did not know where it was and told me to wait for the other woman to come back. I waited and when the other front desk worker came back as there was another guest waiting she helped that person first before assisting her trainee. She was very dismissive and handed the trainee a business card that was for the Seattle location when I had asked for the corporate office. I pointed this out to the trainee and again she tried to talk to the person training her. I waited for five minutes but needed to leave to get to work as the other person working the desk was obviously trying to avoid having a conversation with me. I find this behavior along with the conditions of your hotel to be completely disgusting. I have staying in hostels that have running hot water this is something that is a basic utility.