I took my 87 year old mum with me to visit an old college chum in Seattle, who was staying at and attending a conference at the Seattle Sheraton. So I decided to book our stay there as well. It took forever to book in...very busy front desk...but when we finally got settled into our room, my mum and I decided to go for a short walk around the block as it was still light out. No sooner had we stepped out of the front doors onto the entrance "porch", which was again exceedingly busy and chaotic, my mum walking with a cane and holding onto me, she didn't see the step to the driveway, stepped out and fell full length on the driveway amidst all the cars. I was horrified to see my elderly mother flat on the ground, I tried to pick this small woman, couldn't, and though the area was FULL of Sheraton personnel, bell hops, captains and such, another guest helped her to her feet. We sat on an outside bench for a few minutes as she was shaking, and then we went for a very short walk to see how she felt. We came back to the hotel shortly, went to the restaurant for a cup of tea, and when my mother took off her coat (which thankfully she was wearing over a thick sweater) it was apparent that she was bleeding all around her elbow. The waiter noticed us looking at the blood and went to get a couple of bandaids. We then went to the front desk to ask for bandages, antibiotic ointment, anything...and while waiting there, a burly security guard arrived and insisted on accompanying us back to our room to check her arm. Absolutely no offer was made of first aid, medical assistance, only to check if her injury was valid. Hmmm....lots of concern re: legal action, but no concern for my mother, which in itself is cause for legal action, I'd say! But all we wanted was some first aid, some humanitarian concern, and all we got were a few bandaids! When we checked out after two nights, I asked if perhaps as a goodwill gesture (since the hotel had done nothing else!) if they would consider crediting us for the $55 room service bill for one OJ, two pieces of toast and a pot of coffee!! And after quite a wait, all we got was an offer of a couple of $5 coupons for our breakfast...which we'd already eaten. When we returned home, I took my mum to see her doctor and we were told that she should probably have had at least a couple of stitches as it was a very bad laceration. It took three weeks of daily cleansing and bandaging until the wound finally closed. The hotel should have offered first aid. However, I WILL NEVER STAY IN ANOTHER SHERATON HOTEL... I don't care where it is! Very bad customer relations!!!