When we arrived we were thrilled with the looks of the hotel and it's in a great location of downtown Seattle. When we got to our room we were pleased at first... for a minute. All of the surfaces of the room were dusty, so we thought maybe it just hadn't had guests recently. Then we noticed body hair in the tub and on the commode. We changed rooms. The second room had long hair in the tub, which we were just going to rinse out. Then we noticed on top of the dresser there were food crumbs and rings from glasses that hadn't been cleaned. The desk had been eaten at too. So we changed rooms. Our last room, 2614, was cleaner than the other two, but still dusty everywhere. There is a marble ledge next to the window, this was very dirty and had obviously not been cleaned well in quite awhile, there were finger marks in it where someone had drawn their name. We were too tired to change rooms again and just went to bed. The bed was VERY comfortable. There is not a fan in the bathroom, or at least one you could turn on to get the steam out when you take a shower. There wasn't a dressing table or mirror outside the bathroom, which is nice so you can do your hair and makeup away from a steamy room. The AC didn't cool the room very well, the halls were very hot. Ok, the dirty room behind us, here is a review of the rest of our experience. Parking, with tax, came to $43. Internet is not free, it's $10.95 a day (we were very surprised at this). Our car has auto headlights, so we never turn them on or off. For some reason the valet turned them on, which we didn't notice when we went out shopping and to dinner. When we came out our car was dead. We called the hotel. They told us to call the valet company, which we did. We were informed they had absolutely no way to come jump our car even though we were only 6 blocks away. I called the hotel manager who seemed like he was trying to help. After 45 minutes of being on hold and going back and forth my husband flagged down a stranger who had battery cables and he jumped the car. Thank you stranger! After all this the hotel did comp us the $43 for parking. We bought our room through Priceline, so not sure whether that had something to do with such a crappy stay or not.