The good: Location is very good. The not so good: As other people have said the rooms are clean kind of refurbished in the sense they are painted but not remolded you still get that youre in motor lodge and very old hotel. Booked two nights on Hotwire 2 star for $85 a night. The hotel bar dead, bad wine choices in the sense wine by the glass is like two choices and cheap wine. The very bad: I booked this hotel because I was traveling to Seattle and wanted to do some bike riding and most times it is easier to stay at a smaller hotel such as this. For $10-$20 more though on Hotwire you can stay at a 3-4star such as Westin etc. would recommend that. But where the bad takes place is the hospitality; I have traveled all over the world with my bikes for twenty years so when I was checking in I asked if I could leave my case here (which is the size of a suite case airline regulation size) and another suite case while I travel around for a week and I will book a room right now for my return day at whatever the rack rate was which I think was $98. The front desk guy told me they really only store luggage for 24hrs. but I can ask the manager tomorrow. The next day waited to speak and caught up with him and he informed they cannot store my suite cases for a week that they do not have the room. Even though when I was speaking with him they have shelves half empty with suite cases and I seen their laundry maintenance area next to the elevators with plenty of room. I completely understand that no hotel has room if every guest wanted to store stuff for a week. But come on throw it in a corner somewhere and make me sign something that your not liable if that is the issue. Now for where my trip got good again and you see the true hospitality of Seattle people and and other hotel chains why their so successful. I figured let me walk up the street about 8 blocks to the Marriott Spring Hill Suites I walk in the door and am greeted excellent I ask the gentleman working the front desk I ask the gentleman that I was bike ride and tour over the next week and I need to leave my suite cases somewhere for a week I will make a reservation for next week for the night of my return would it be possible to leave them here. First words out of his mouth Absolutely I say they are two large suite cases is that ok not a problem no matter what I said this guy was going to satisfy me. Next day dropped my cases off walk in told a different front desk clerk I have a reservation wanted to leave these hear for a week again no problem not once did they flinch about them, have to get their manager they were empowered to satisfy the guest. The bar also at this location Marriott location is happening the drinks are good priced right what else can you say and to top it off the room was free as I turned in Marriott miles. I tipped the bell hop / valet guy $1 a day per bag for storage so 5 days I gave him $10 for two bags and he was like let me get you change I said no you guys stored them all week for me and he says sir that is no problem thank you very much. Bottom-line stay somewhere else with better hospitality, not as run down older property, better bar. Would never stay here again and would not recommend it.