Booked our hotel through Priceline requesting a four star hotel. We do this on a frequent basis, at least once a month. We ended up getting the Edgewater and were looking forward as we have never stayed there before. What a disappointment. It is not a four star facility in any way. Sure the location is beautiful being a waterfront property. However, it is completely off the beaten path. They do have a shuttle, but it will only take you within a one mile radios and only until 9pm. Our first impression: pulling up to a sign that states parking is a whopping $36.00 plus tax per night ! There is no self parking available. Ouch! Having stayed at many different hotels in Seattle I do know that parking can be expensive. Usually though the hotel will offer self parking options. Furthermore the most that I have ever seen is $20.00 NOT 36.00! Also, the Marriot across the street is $15.00 per night. I did ask the front desk associate if there was any other option, and she really was not concerned in the least, she said we could park on the street and feed the meter every two hours if we wanted! Now, the rooms are outdated, and quite small. The room we got was directly above the front lobby area. It was very loud, with cars pulling up all night and guests coming and going. The hotel is also directly across from some train tracks, so you have the constant noise of the trains all night. Also, the room was not clean at all. From questionable long liquid like stains across from the bed on the wall, to the very dirty bathroom. But the worst part, there is no air conditioning it the hotel at all! So, after playing around with the thermostat I called down and asked. The front desk solution? Either open the window or he would send up a fan! I actually tried to open the window and to my shock, the windows do open all the way. 5 floors up from the ground, with no protection! I have a three and a four year old, under no circumstances would this be a safe solution to ANY parent! So, we suffered in a hot room instead! We will never stay here again, there is no value to staying at the Edgewater! Save your money!