I have never gone to a site to give a bad review, but don't want anyone else to wasted their time an money thinking they are going to be staying in a beautiful place. I booked the room for a 50th birthday getaway and really wanted the Edgewater for the experience. I normally go through pirceline and get great deals on hotels in Seattle, but given that it was a present and I wanted to be sure of where we would stay, I went ahead and splurged big time on a full waterview clawfoot tub room. I was told by the booking agent that the tub was very large and both of us could easily fit for a nice long soak. She apparently had never seen one of the tubs in person because it was one of the smallest I have ever seen and in no way could be considered large enough for two normal sized adults. The booking agent also said that they would be sure to do something special for his birthday and nothing at all was done. The halls of the hotel are an unbelievable mess with carpet that in not only tread barren, but filthy looking. The bedding had a horrible stench to it that made one wonder how long they allow it to go between cleanings, the bed also squeaked terribly any time you moved. The glass in the doors separating the bathroom and bedroom had hand prints and smudge marks all over it. While the fireplace was lovely, the glass to it was filthy as well and there was a timer for it and at the end of the time the fireplace would turn off and then the timer would start beeping very loudly apparently to warn you that the fireplace had turned off. I'm sorry, but I don't need to be woken up by an alarm an hour after I have turned in to tell me the fireplace turned off!!! I have never stayed at a hotel where the you heard absolutely ever noise that happened in the hall and every single door open and shut while in your room with the door closed. It was as if the door was wide open it was so loud. Unfortunately, the loudest ones in the hallway were the housekeeping staff early Sunday morning. At best, I would say that the hotel is an extremely over priced mediocre Best Western level of quality hotel with a fantastic view and location.