The City Queen is not worth $231. Not even 1/4 of it. It's tiny. Tinier than Extended Stay, La Quinta, Holiday Inn, and even some hotels in Europe! You can't lay any piece of luggage flat on the floor & we had 3 medium sized bags! The bathroom looks nice but has unnecessary things. The bed does not look like a queen; looks like a double. And you can only get on it from one side. Also, it's likely very noisy because the train runs by regularly. The larger Water View rooms are better. It's bigger and nicer. The four poster bed is a king sized. The bathroom is much bigger but the granite floor for the shower is uncomfortable. Also, the shower doesn't have a door. It's just covered by a piece of glass that only covers 2/3 of the shower. They have amenities you can only use when you're there which I suppose makes sense, but charging you $25 if you take them is outrageous. Not even the most organic shampoo & body wash would cost $25! That is just stupidly outrageous. The parking is absurd. It is $36 valet only and they park your car out in their open parking lot, so your car will be covered in rain, snow, or hot like an oven, depending on the weather & season. $36? Please! We parked on the street. But it was really annoying to go out, repark it elsewhere when we had to, and drive it up to the entrance to get our bags. I can't believe they have to make it so hard for us. Having stayed there for the night, I noticed more problems. First, it was noisy. I could hear people in the hallway walking & talking and I wear silicone ear plugs. It's like the building is made out wood from the 1930s and the wood is starting to break down. The next night I wasn't as tired & was often woken up by the sound of the train or a ship on the water sounding its horn. As usual, the people in the hallway woke me up. I'm so glad I wasn't stuck in the other levels, where I would've heard people above me. I believe others have complained about this as well. Also, the bed is too soft. The location is not that great. The ships were noisy, the train was noisy, and it's not within reasonable walking distance to Pine & Pike St. I'm definitely going back to La Quinta & Holiday Inn. They're just not as fancy but way more worth it. This hotel spends too much money on unnecessary things. The fake tree branches that can be manually adjusted at different limb points in the lobby area? The tiny elevator with the tv and the holes resembling kelp? The light up mirror in the washroom? This hotel needs a lot of changing for me before I come back or recommend anyone to come.