We stayed here October 8-11 but we paid till the 12th! Location isn't bad but I would rather walk 10 miles then stay here! The nicest thing was the front entrance fireplace outdoors! First night the next door neighbors were drunk and had their music on very loud but it sounded like it was our room! I could hear every word and we turned our tv up on max and the music and the 2 voices overruled our tv. I called the front desk and they told me I had to deal with it till 11pm! Wtf?!! He was rude and basically hung up in my face as if I was being unrealistic! I can handle music next door but this was like I was sitting in their room! So they went on drinking and talking for about another hour with the music on bust! Then went out and came home about 4am drunk ad loud! So first night ruined! The hotel stunk like an old house! I had to spray stuff around our room it was so bad! The room was small and we had no where for our suitcases. The bathroom was nice but don't dare take the stinky cheap shampoo cuz they charge you $20 and I am sure it's a bottle they keep refilling. Oh the best part $200 a night and no FREE Internet!!! Yes you read that right! Who in this day and age doesn't have free wifi?! I forget the price of it but I told them they were crazy! And vallet parking $34 a night! Needless to say we did not tip them once! Complete rip off! Every turn this Hotel wa charging for something! No vending machines and the gift shop had like 2 types of drinks to buy! The walk to the room was endless dreary and dark! I've stayed at many hotels and some not the best quality but never ever left with a complaint or a feeling of being raped of our money! We even checked out a day early and headed back to Canada. It actually ruined my Seattle visit and we usually make the best of any situation. All these awards mentioned on their website must have been given back at the grand opening on the 1930s or soemthing! If this ppl rate this hotel as the best I would hate to see their worst!