I was torn about this review -- if we had only stayed here Wed and Thurs nights I would have ranked this hotel a four or five but Fri and Sat nights were crazy loud. My husband and I were celebrating our 10 year anniversary -- we had a 3rd floor waterfront room next to a boardroom. Fri and Sat nights weddings were held at the establishment and they have music going until midnight (3AM EST). Fri night it was kind of funny -- "Oh, Honey, it's like we are in college again... hear that bass, is that YMCA again? ha ha" but still a bit annoying so I called down to front desk to see if there would be another wedding on Sat, planning to move rooms if that was the case. I was assured by a bored male voice that there were no more weddings for the weekend and none Sat night. And then BAM -- even louder music (like a G6 anyone?) -- even my husband (easiest going person on the planet) was annoyed. For some reason also there were people going in and out of the boardroom late at night too. I called down Sat and got earplugs but you could still feel the thumping and alas sleep came well after midnight with us up about 4 hours later to travel the next day. My husband had a conference in Denver the week before and got stuck at an Econo Lodge before the Ritz (true dichotomy there) -- anyway he said the noise at the Edgewater especially Sat was louder than the Econo Lodge where his neighbor had left empty bottles of 40oz colt 45 outside his door. The noise was not so classy and not for a hotel that markets itself as a romantic weekend getaway. I am all for weddings and I am also all for adequately soundproofing in hotels that charge a good amount per night and market themselves as a luxury hotel. We mentioned our dissatisfaction at checkout and were told we'd get all of our parking reimbursed (about $180 or so) and then we were told we'd just get $100. My husband and I hate public scenes so we were not going to argue at the front desk in front of everyone BUT while I appreciate the effort and I'm glad they tried I think this was inadequate. After we got home I did call and leave a message with the manager so they would know why I'm leaving a negative review. PROS: 1. location, location, location-- loved the waterfront.... you will hear the Victoria Clipper leave early in AM (7ish or 7:30) if you leave your window open at night 2. fairly comfortable beds and pillows 3. clean rooms 4. well updated bathrooms w/ clawfoot tub and retractable doors that open to bedroom and waterview 5. nice gas fireplace but all heat recirculates to room -- no "just for ambiance" AMBIVALENT -- none of this counted for or against the hotel just some insights ... 1. gym -- not good, not bad -- you've got good selection of free weights w/ 2 adjustable back and seat benches, 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, stationary bike (I think everything was matrix brand) -- 2 sets of weights on pulley systems w/ bar attached at top for pull-ups, etc 2. the restaurant -- just so-so -- we were told by staff that breakfast is a must so we started there -- my husband w/ smoked salmon platter (hard to screw that up -- smoked salmon, bagel, porcini cream cheese, capers...) and he loved it as he always loves smoked salmon, I had the smoked salmon omlette and I'd give it a 4/10 -- we did not go back as there are many wonderful restaurants within walking distance 3. no coffee makers in room -- some other travelers from other hotels had complimentary coffee makers in rooms and we would see them get beans freshly ground at some coffee shops and we were jealous -- would have been a nice touch 4. restaurant brews starbucks -- I like starbucks but I can get it anywhere -- I thought it would have been nice if they had beans from smaller local roasters but again that's just a personal opinion so I did not count it in review 5. concierge was nice but not terribly helpful for more adventurous activities -- we found everything we loved on trip advisor, yelp, etc. 6. you can hear surrounding rooms tubs/showers -- not a huge deal but just be aware 7. for energy conservation their default is they only change sheets every 3 nights -- if you want more frequently you have to call the front desk -- again not a big deal but if you are taking midday naps in sunscreen due to being up late the night before because of noise you may want new sheets CONS 1. NOISE, NOISE, NOISE -- in my mind a hotel fails if you can't sleep there when you want to sleep 2. expensive parking -- to get around this we learned later there is a parking garage directly across the street that charges $21 a day (entrance directly off wall street) -- the garage is open I think 8-11 and there is a $40 charge if you need to get your car out after hours but if the hours work for you this is a lot less than the $36/day valet mandatory lot w/ all the valet tips at the hotel 3. as with anywhere some staff were just rude but you could avoid them In summary I think there are probably better hotels for the money in the area. However, if you are going to be there midweek you may be able to enjoy a great location without intrusive noise. ***see review of Western Prince Whale Tours -- AWESOME!!! -- best day ever -- we chartered a flight w/ Westwind aviation (a package deal w/ Western Prince) to San Juan Islands, Friday Harbor and then went out on the Zodiac -- can't recommend highly enough -- the entire day was smooth, seamless and AWESOME!! -- it made our anniversary vacation exceptional