I know, I know ... you were so excited to get that "four star" hotel on Priceline.com for less than $100 until you started reading the reviews and realized that you had been duped. Yes, you can almost be guaranteed that the Edgewater hotel will put you on the "city side" of the hotel (read: train tracks and parking lot/street noise) if you booked through Priceline.com. You may be one of the few luck ones, but it's not likely. Now that you have a reservation that cannot be changed or refunded, take a minute to just suck it up and let's make the best of it: Hopefully you bid only $70 to $80 for your room. If you are OK with trains and traffic outside your room, you can stop reading now. If you want the "four star" room you were promised, or as close to it as possible, read on: 1) Call the hotel immediately and ask to have your room upgraded to the water side (the side of the hotel the happy reviewers are talking about). A "partial water view" is currently $30 more and a "full water view" is $60 more per night. The partial water view is a joke. You will have a full view of a pier across the way with some dirty water between your window and the pier. Get the full water view upgrade. I know, it sucks, you're now paying $93 more ($33 for valet and $60 for a view) than you intended when booking through Priceline.com, but @ $163 to $173 per night, you are still paying half of what the hotel website is charging. 2) Whether you take my advice to upgrade, or not, you want to be in a room with a number of x40 or high - i.e., 240 instead of 232 or 156 instead of 122. Why you ask ... because the lower numbered rooms are closer to the street and train tracks. Of course if you have an odd-numbered room, you are on the parking lot/street side of the hotel anyway, but you can still make the best of it by trying to get as far away from the tracks as possible. 3) If you do upgrade to the water side of the hotel and ask for a "full view" room, make sure you are given an even number higher than x40 and preferably higher than x50. For example, 242 does not have as good a view of the water as 256 and 228 almost certainly will give you a wonderful view of a pier with train/street noise (note the sarcasm here). Also, as with all hotels, the higher the floor, the better the view. The 100's are almost at water level, 200's and 300's are fine, and the 400's are suites on the top floor. If you get an even numbered room, higher than x40 on either the second or third floor, you will be fine. 4) Parking is "valet only" @ $33 per night. Add this into your nightly cost. I know, it's outrageous that you are paying $33 per night to have a valet drive your car about 45 feet from where you dropped it off and you probably could have done this yourself, but you are just going to have to live with this too. If you don't want to pay the extra $33 per night for your room (plus tips), don't drive. Business Center: Two computers with internet in cramped room on each floor. Restaurant: Beautiful view, too pricey for the selection and qualify offered. Lobby: Some of the best views in the hotel. Bring your drinks and enjoy! Shuttle: The hotel does have a shuttle that can get you downtown, to Pike's Place or the Ferry Building, but keep in mind they can only operate within 1.5 miles of the hotel, so something like the Space Needs would be out. The bathrooms are nice - great showing. Sinks are odd and back up pretty frequently unless you only turn the faucets on half way. Furniture is old and tacky.