My experience at Edgewater Hotel last week was a mixed one. I will start with bad experience. I was waken up by huge noise at 4:58 am the first morning. The noise lasted for about 15-20 min, then became quiet all the way to 7 am. After complaining to the front desk (I was offered another room, but just did not bother to move as it was late), the noise was postponed to 6:30 am on the second and the third morning. I got up and opend the door, just to find out hotel staff walking around (and talking). The noise seemed to have come from their moving the heavy laundry carts, as they would park in the narrow hallway during the day. That group of staff (and most probably the hotel management) did not seem to be aware of the guests staying in the hotel. The other factor that made this worse was the old, wooden building. It is not sound-proof at all. My good experience was with my daily trip to Downtown. The hotel has a van that would send guests to the city in the morning (free of charge). The driver was a nice person and offered a return service as long as I called him. The front desk and the vallet staff were also very nice. The hotel has a gorgeous waterfront view in the lobby and the reasaurant. I believe it has the same view in those waterfront rooms (unfortunately my room was on the street side). The room interior has a style, with a fireplace. The location of the hotel is good if you would like to walk along the waterfront, and visit the aquarium and the marketplace. But it is a little far from the busy street. I would not recommend walking near the aquarium area alone late in the evenings, as I was approached by a suspecious stranger there one evening. Overall, this hotel needs to improve its infrastructure to claim a four-star one. At this stage, it is a nice motel. If you go there for a casure trip, this hotel is still on my recommnedation list. But make sure you have the waterfront rooms and stay far away from the room 101. If you are on a business trip, not a good idea to stay there.