Don't get me wrong - the Edgewater Hotel in Seattle is nice. It is in a decent location for walking to attractions and there are some upscale features. It is built on the water, but bear in mind that, unless you have a view from that side of the hotel, you will have to walk down the street to actually see the water. The view from the lobby was nice, but there were very few places for people to sit and be looking directly out at the sound. There were two major problems with our stay... 1. THE BIGGEST ISSUE - the room attendant or minibar attendant took two iPods from our room. The management did nothing to help and gave us the run around. For us, this was a major issue, We had traveled 2000 miles (in a car from Texas) to stay in Seattle and this put a big damper to our stay. 2. The hidden charges. Add it up - parking is $26/day and is mandatory valet, if you have a car. Tipping everyone from the bellman to the valet multiple times while you are there (if you get your car more than once). Paying for your room itself - even if you got a pretty good deal through Hotwire, like us. The rooms are nice, but they are not worth $300/night. On top of it all, we did not have a bathtub, just a shower. That was okay, but not what we would have expected. The room was small. The fireplace was nice, but we could not keep the room temperature regulated. It was either cold or hot - never moderate. If you are going to Seattle and have an endless budget, stay at this hotel. Keep plenty of cash on hand and make sure you don't take any valuables into your room, EVEN IF YOU LOCK THEM UP OR PUT THEM OUT OF SIGHT. If you do have something go missing, you will most likely hear, "That has never happened at our hotel before." Don't expect the management to help you in any way. The only way I would stay at this hotel again is if I had very deep pockets and did not mind spending a lot of money with little return. On the other hand, if you would rather have a couple hundred extra dollars of spending money while you are visiting Seattle, I would recommend any of the other standard chain hotels downtown, that rent for half as much and have great locations. Go with those and don't waste your money on the Edgewater, if you are looking for a good value.