My husband and I recently stayed at the Edgewater to celebrate my 50th birthday. While I was impressed with the staff and the facilities the rooms leave alot to be desired. The renovation going on was very distracting. Specifically: We arrived early to check in our room because my husband was not feeling well. Our room was not ready yet so the desk staff generously gave us a coupon for two free drinks to be used in the beautiful bar while we waited. The dining area, bar and outdoor cafe area have a view of the water that can not be matched. The food was excellent. We enjoyed a delicious breakfast there. The hotel lobby has a large sitting area with floor to ceiling windows, a fireplace and library area where there are comfotable chairs and tables with games nearby. You could spend an afternoon there reading a book or watching the ferry boats go by with no problem. The hotel is renovating many of the rooms on the first floor. When we were there it meant noise and chilliness in some areas because doors were left open because of painting etc... This work should be made clear on the hotel website so a person is aware of it before making a reservation. We had a standard room that faced the city $239 a night. The room was so small there was barely space to walk around the bed on either side. As another reviewer pointed out - the city side rooms face the rail road tracks. The trains went by from 3:00-4:00 a.m. the noise is very intrusive. If you must stay at the Edgewater I would suggest spending the extra money at least ($75-150) for an upgraded water side room if you really want to stay there and have a special experience . An alternative I would recommend is book a night(s) at the Residence Inn on Lake Union and enjoy a meal at the Edgewater. The Residence Inn is 5 minutes away from the Edgewater, is also on the water/marina and by bidding on Priceline I was able to get a room for between ($90-100). Dukes Chowder House across the street from the Residence is a great place to enjoy a view of the lake and watch Sea Planes depart.