We recently had our wedding and reception at the Sorrento Hotel. We felt it would be the perfect venue for a winter wedding - and it was. The furnishings and decor are lovely, and the views and terrace added a classy touch. However, the management at the Sorrento was terrible. From the beginning, they failed to communicate with us, not returning e-mails or phone calls. As our date approached, we had to literally barge our way in to see the space so we could get measurements for our florist because the management did not respond to us. We were not able to do a tasting until mere weeks before the wedding (and the food was not exceptional). We also faced what appeared to be either dishonesty or else utter incompetence. There was a surprise fee for the "toast" that we had to fight about, we were double-billed for rooms guests pre-paid for through the internet, and guests were told they had to pay for parking even though we had pre-arranged for their valet parking. The management also told us our wedding decorations would be kept in a particular place and when it was time to decorate, they weren't where the hotel said they'd be! Our family spent 30 frantic minutes trying to find someone from the hotel to help locate the decorations. They were genuinely worried the wedding would start late because of it. Additionally, a family member had to go back into the kitchen to ensure they saved our anniversary cake layer because they did not appear to be responsive when he asked them to save it. Surprise, surprise; the next morning it was not in the refrigerator where he had placed it! It appeared that the hotel would never have remembered it nor found it again. They only spent 15 minutes looking for it after we put up yet another fight. The management also did not help us in any way with decorating or even directing the wedding procession. In short, they did absolutely nothing and the service was deplorable. (We would add, however, that the concierge and front desk service was very good.) We would not recommend the Sorrento Hotel as a wedding venue.