This was just not our cup of tea - to say the least. We payed a premium price for what was billed as a "Deluxe Water View" room with King. That is definitely NOT what we got. We arrived at the hotel and, while standing in line to check-in, I noticed that only two of the 4 people behind the desk actually appeared to be doing anything. The other two just seemed to stand around and direct "traffic" instead of actually helping to check guests in. This isn't a big issue for us but I must admit that it gives a poor first impression. At check-in, we were told that a King was unavailable but that we would be upgraded to a "better" room although it only had a queen bed -- this seemed reasonable and no big deal to us if we were getting a nicer room. What we were given was room #2850 in the South Tower. My wife summed it up by calling it "depressing". We are actually quite used to staying in hotels/motels of the 2/3 star variety -- everything from a Motel 6 to a Hampton Inn. While the "view" down 5th Avenue and the partial views out to Elliot Bay were reasonably nice, the overall furnishing and general sense of the room was, in our opinion, not even a close match to what we expected. It turns out that our queen bed was actually a Murphy-style bed that swung out of the wall -- not exactly my concept of the "Heavenly Bed" that Westin is so quick to advertise! The rest of the decor was plain and (truthfully) a bit dated -- not in a "1960's period" kind of way but in a "we really need to refurbish our units" kind of way. We were lucky enough to have other options and we refused the room, got our money back, and went elsewhere in a hurry. Our Westin experience didn't end there, however. The next day I sent the General Manager of the hotel an email describing our experience and disappointment (similar to this review). No reply... After a few days of no response I forwarded the email to the Customer Service desk at Starwood (which owns the Westin chain). They told me I would receive a prompt reply from the hotel -- a couple of days later I did indeed. The gist was "we are sorry to hear of your experience and we're sure that you might have a nicer room if you come back again". No thanks -- there are a lot of other nice hotels in downtown Seattle and we will try elsewhere.