We use Hotwire to book several family trips each year. With so many bookings, I have often been capable of getting Westin bookings with a little experience in looking through the options before booking - maybe just luck. Luck that was until this past weekend at the Seattle Westin. There are many positive comments on this sight, and my guess is that those patrons are not Hotwire customers. I believe this hotel is capable of 4 - star status, but they save those rooms and service for their full charge customers. The room was dirty and cramped, and the bed was VERY uncomfortable. This was probably the worst night's sleep ever. The comments about the elevator service are completely accurate. Plan up to 30 minutes wait for an elevator to get down. I noticed a several comments about the high parking rates in several of the posts, but none that are current for May 2011. They must have raised the parking rates in the past couple of weeks as well - self serve (including tax) is now $41 and valet $43. Think the $2 additional charge for valet is worth it? Plan up to another hour to get your car out. The sign on the garage says $28 daily and in very tiny font "plus tax" - the tax is $13 for a grand total of $41 self-serve parking. When we returned to the hotel on Saturday at 5:30, we found a parking place on the street next to the entrance of the self-parking garage. We placed a couple of quarters in the meter, put the meter ticket on the side window, and enjoyed free parking from 6:00 pm Saturday through all day Sunday. The best part about this hotel is the location - easy walking distance all around down town and to Pikes market. Here's the kicker - my teenage sons are baseball fans, and our family vacations are usually planned around touring major league parks and taking in a game or two. (Yes, we spent Mother's Day at Safeco Field watching the Mariners.) We met several season ticket holders at the game on Sunday and were quick to ask about the tv/cable system that didn't show home Mariner's games in Seattle. They had no idea what we were talking about. We continued to explain that the previous night we had returned to our hotel room planning to watch the end of the Mariner's game, but we were unable to find it on the TV. We called down to the front desk, and we were told that the game was only available in the lounge, not in the rooms. The fans we met all laughed and told us that the games are all carried in the basic cable package that even Motel 6 has. This is a 4-star hotel? It just seems weird that the Westin would not offer something so basic.