My husband and I are currently staying at the Westin Seattle. He's on business, I'm tagging along for fun. We've stayed at many Westin's but this one doesn't come close to any of the others. It feels more like an old run down Hilton. Cons to staying here / Ick factors: 1. Upon arriving, the signature Westin fragrance was barely noticeable. What I did smell was car exhaust. (Definitely not a deal breaker, but it was my first impression of the hotel.) 2. We checked in early (husband is a gold member) and they assigned us a room immediately. When we opened the door to the first room (room # was 3534, 3634 or 3734...can't remember), the offensive stench of body odor hit us hard. We went back down to the check-in desk and they assigned us to a different room. 3. The rooms are small and the bathrooms are tiny. It takes some maneuvering to get the bathroom door closed so you can get in the shower. Let me state for the record that I'm fit, I have no idea how anyone with a few extra pounds on them could move around in these bathrooms. 4. Yellow stains all over the comforter. DISGUSTING! 5. The mini bar was half empty when we arrived. Not a huge deal since we don't usually purchase anything from it, but we better not see that missing stuff on our bill. 6. Pool was ok, but I did smell like pee pee the rest of the day. 7. There is no room service during the afternoon. Not normally a big deal, but I had just worked out and was starving. This was entirely my fault for not planning properly, but I'm just so turned off by this hotel that I'm including this in my ick list. 8. The bed was ridiculously uncomfortable. We have slept on the Heavenly beds many times and love them. We're even considering purchasing one for ourselves. I'm not sure how old this mattress is, but it's AWFUL. 9. In the lobby bathroom, only one soap dispenser had soap in it. 10. This hotel needs some renovating / updating in a major way. Pro's: 1. The people working here are very nice. 2. Location I'm definitely particular when it comes to staying in hotels and am usually impressed with the Westin. This one stay won't turn me off of Westin's but I certainly won't stay here again. We're actually moving to the W tomorrow.