The location of this hotel is great and that's really about it. Not once was I told that they were doing construction nearby (I called several times). There is construction going on across the street from the South and North Towers. The construction started at 6:00am until 7:00pm. Just when I thought I would get a break on Saturday it started at 7:00am. The rooms are very outdated. This isn't the nicest Westin I have stayed at. I only stayed at this hotel due to the location and price. My original plan was to stay at "The Inn at the Market". They couldn't guarantee me a water view so I canceled, big mistake on my part. Seriously spend the extra money and stay at the "Inn at the Market". The hotel is beautiful and small. Back to the Westin, I was able to check in at 11:00am and was very happy about the early check in. I informed the front desk clerk that it was my birthday and could I get upgraded. He sent me to the South Tower. The room was really small and had a view of a building under construction. The room also had a big stain on the floor (I'm thinking animal urine). I couldn't figure what was the upgrade. The room looked like a basic room (nothing special). I went back down and spoke to another clerk she said she could put me in the North Tower (which has water views). She did inform me that it would have double beds though (fine with me). The clerk that originally helped me came over and loudly said "What's the problem I put you in an upgraded room", which I found rude considering he didn't know what I was asking from the second clerk. I apologized for the confusion and informed him that I thought the "upgrade" would be a water view. I went to the second room and this had a water view but it also had a view of construction that was going on across the street. The room was a little dirty, the night stand had a layer of dust on it and one of the curtains was coming down. Also this room had a small stain on the floor as well. The only thing that was not dated in this room was the bedding. This hotel seriously needs to be updated. I paid $150 per night (and felt ripped off) and I wouldn't recommend spending over a $100 a night. (Especially with all the noise due to the two construction sites). Again, the location is great and there are tons of restaurant to go to that are in walking distance. You can also catch the airport shuttle right outside of the hotel. I do plan on going back to Seattle next year but next time I will stay at "The Inn at the Market".