We went to Seattle for Memorial Day Weekend. We checked in on Friday and checked out on Sunday afternoon. The lobby is great! Upon entering our room, we noticed that the bellmen forgot to bring up my daughters bag so we had to wait around for them to find the bag and bring it up. We had 2 rooms, both rooms were nice upon first glance. Both rooms had stained carpets. Our room was the worst of them. the desk table was chipped on the legs, it had a power strip taped to the side of it. The lamps and lamp shades on all of the tables were crooked and loose (I fixed them). the couch had huge white stains on them. The dressers were dirty. The headboard was dusty. The couch and chair had rips in them and the strings were still attached. The bathroom mirror was dirty, and the framing was off as well as when they stained the wood frame, they got some on the mirror and didn't even bother to fix it. There was a few long hairs in the bed and on the bathroom floor and in the bathroom there was brown spots on the ceiling that has never been wiped off. I travel quite often for work and have stayed in several 4 & 5 star hotels and I would not consider this a 4 or 5 star hotel. What you are paying for is the name...The best part of it all was I needed to use the restroom after walking back from the waterfront. I went into the lobby restroom and the urinals were yellow (no one bothered to flush, but on top of that, they were stained) so apparently it happens frequently. There were 6 stalls, 3 were being used, and the other 3 were overflowing with toilet paper and one of them was a red color. I informed the front desk clerk and she said oh really? I am sorry and that was it. I don't even know if or when she called maintenance or housekeeping but apparently they do not monitor their property (and this was a busy weekend mind you). Our first night was horrible. We went to bed about 9:30 pm. I was awaken several times between 10 pm and 12:30 am due to a party going on 2 doors down from us. We could hear the music clearly and then people coming and going and the door slamming shut, people having conversations in the hallway on the telephone inviting their other friends, swearing and drunkenness. I finally called the front desk to complain. They arrived about 20 minutes later and told the person in charge to be quiet or they were going to be removed. Finally, I got some sleep. I was not and am not overly impressed with this property and I will not stay there again. When we complained to the front desk clerk that checked us in, he did send up a bottle of champagne and a fruit basket for my daughter (it was her birthday) in addition to that, they signed a card and sent up a piece of cake. Aside from the friendly staff, there was not much about the hotel I would recommend to anyone. The GM, owners, and management company should be ashamed of themselves. The standards are just not there.