I have stayed at this Westin many, many times during the past decade. It has long been one of my favorite hotels, so my most recent experience was extremely disappointing. I should have worried at the outset - as I was met with hordes of airline crews upon my arrival - usually not a sign of a great hotel. In addition, the front door to the hotel off the taxi entrance was broken and resting askew like it had been hit by a car. Seemed dangerous to me, but no one from the hotel seemed concerned. I was greeted by a friendly desk person, but it soon became apparent that my reservation, made through the hotel toll-free reservation line, was seriously messed up. When a manager intervened, I was told that, sorry, but the room type you booked is not available, we are sold out, and we can give you what's left. So much for a loyal, multi-stay, gold status guest. Arriving at my room, in this now (thankfully) all non-smoking hotel, I was surprised to see an eight-foot smoke filter outside my room. Entering my room, I was greeting with the unmistakable scent of a smoking room. Guests be warned - even the now non-smoking hotels may find converting former smoking floors a challenge (hence the filter in the hallway.) I called the front desk to request a new room, and after several minutes on the phone the agent did come up with an alternative and said a bellman would be up within 15 minutes with a new key. After 45 minutes of waiting, trying not to disturb anything in the room I was moving out of, no bellman materialized so I called the desk again and asked for a manger. I was told there was no record of a room change being requested or made. To her credit, the manager recognized she had a very annoyed gold member on her hands and comped the room for the night. My tale of woe notwithstanding, I was really surprised by how the quality of this hotel seems to have slipped. I don't know if it's the heavy summer vacation/convention business or what, but the place was showing wear and lack of attention to upkeep. The towels were frayed and in a couple of cases had substances attached that made them unusable. There was no shower cap ammenity as you might expect and the bathroom just felt dirty. I could write my name in the dust on the headboard. The room felt tired - the Heavenly bed which was once so great even seems dated. My room service tray, left outside the door at 7pm, was still there at 9am the next day. Nonetheless, in the midst of this dismal stay there were bright spots. Room service was prompt and the food fresh and hot (when you're paying $27 for a burger - that's a good thing). The concierege was very, very good. All in all, I'm sorry to say that on my next trip to Seattle I'll be heading to the W or Fairmont. I'm sure the Westin won't miss me, but a part of me misses it.