My husband and I stayed at the Westin in Seattle over the 4th of July weekend this year. I had made the reservation through the Starwood website because they had a promotion, stay two nights get the third for free. I read the reviews on this hotel so I wasn't expecting it to be perfect but since I got a good deal I figured I couldn't lose much. When we first checked in they told me they didn't have any king bed rooms available on a high floor like I had requested. This was a little upsetting because not only did I request a King size bed on a high floor at the time of the reservation, but I had also called a couple times a couple weeks in advance just to remind them. The guy at the check-in counter told me they had a room with a great view but double beds but if we wanted a king it would be on a lower floor. I asked if we could go see it first before deciding and he gave us a key to go look at it. The double beds were much too small if we wanted to sleep comfortable together for three nights so we took the key back down and told them we wanted a room with a king bed. I asked again if they were sure there wasnt any king rooms on a high floor. This time they had me wait about 10 minutes and then said they found one. I felt really happy and thanked the clerk for trying harder to find us a room. We went to our room and expected that they would send our bags up within 10 minutes or so (we requested they be delivered to our room when we valet parked). About a half hour went by and still no sign of our luggage. I called the "Service Hotline" from the room in the phone to find out what was going on. The lady was really helpful and said she would call me back. She called back about 20 minutes later and said that she couldnt get a hold of the front desk because they weren't answering the phone. By this time almost an hour had past since we got into our room so I decided to go back down to the lobby to talk to the front desk myself. I told the man that checked us in that we hadnt received our luggage yet and he said it would be up shortly. I went back to the room and got another call from the lady at the Service center and she asked me what our bags looked like, which was scary considering I would hope they have some sort of tracking system for the bags. Eventually the bags showed up about an hour and a half after we arrived in our room. We also had to cancel a dinner reservation becuase we didnt have our clothes to change into. While I am grateful we recieved our bags and they didnt get lost, It was upsetting that this would happen in a hotel like this. Apparently our bags had been put into the first room we looked at and were left there Other than the incident with the bags I didnt have much else to complain about. I wouldnt recommend the pool or spa, it was croweded with kids and indoors so it wasnt very relaxing. But if a pool isnt a big deal the hotel is in a great loaction. Also the hotel didnt smell very clean. We didnt eat at the restaurant so I cant really comment on that. The location and the view are definetely the best things about the Westin. The rooms are ok and the beds are comfortable. I would only stay here again if I got a really good deal, otherwise I think there are other better choices in Seattle.