Well, I'd been reading the reviews on this site, and I'd read some fairly negative ones, however I also work for a hotel so I don't always listen to what I read on review boards. After my stay with the Westin, I can honestly say that I will never stay with them again. They even offered me a free stay in the future to show that they can do better, but I'd rather go to a clean hotel. Here's my experience: First, we checked in at 4pm (checkin for the Westin is listed as 3pm). They did not have our room ready, they told us it would be ready in 20 minutes to half an hour. Both my boyfriend and I were fine with that. We said that was Ok, we would just get some food. Here's the first complaint... The hotel has 800+ rooms, 3 restaurants, and at 4 o'clock in the afternoon not a single restaurant onsite was serving food. We found this odd, as they have 3, but we just went across the street. If you do stay at the Westin, the restaurant across the street ( something "grill") was excellent. We had dinner there, and talked to the bartender for a while, so we were in there for a little over an hour. When we went back to the Westin we were expecting our room to be ready. It was not. This is when we found it to be a bit ridiculous. We are from the Caribbean, so we had been traveling for approximately 24 hours to get to Seattle. Check-in is posted as 3pm, and now it is after 5 and there is no room for us. We tell the clerk that we would like to check in as soon as possible, we are going to sit right over at the bar (we pointed our where we would be sitting to him), and asked him to come and get us as soon as our room was ready. At 6pm we went back and low and behold, our room has been ready but no one came to get us. If this was the only problem. I would not be complaining. We get into the room and we were impressed. The view was great (view of Puget Sound). The bed was luxurious, as was the shower. That night we had a few things out of the mini-bar, and went to bed. The next morning we got up early, got showers, ironed our clothes and went out. Next complaint: When we came back to the room that afternoon. I was surprised to see that the maid hadn't been to our room yet. Upon walking in farther I saw that she had been in. The only thing that she did was make our bed. The maid did not empty the trash, tidy the room, fill the honors bar, or clean the bathroom. Clean the bathroom, and empty the trash!!! How ridiculous. The first day this happend we told the front desk, and when we came back up after dinner it was done. The very next day it happened again! 4 days and our room did not get cleaned, our trash did not get emptied, all that happened was our bed was made. On the final day the bed wasn't even made. We told the front desk about it, and nothing happened. My boyfriend and I are big honors-bar users. With the honors bar never being restocked I ended up buying my own water, and soda. (I did call down, but it was never refilled). On the final morning, after ignoring our room all week, we got up early, and underneath the door they'd slid our bill. This, to me, was just insult to injury. I'd been down to the front desk, and nothing had been done, no one had been up to refill the bar, etc. However, they did manage to find us to deliver us our bill. We did go down then and ask to speak with the manager. We told the manager that we were not looking for a discount, we knew what we would be spending on this vacation. But we would not be paying anything for the honors-bar, and we would not be paying for the drinks that we had at the bars, as those were had while we were waiting for people to clean our room, which they'd had all day to do. The manager, was extremely gracious, proffessional and apologetic. She absolutely agreed that we should not pay for those things, and she offered us a complimentary 4 night stay in the future to make up for this. I just can't see us ever wanting to go back there. I realize that this is all very negative, and some may read this and just think that I am overreacting, and that I did not handle myself properly. That is fine, but, as I said, both my boyfriend and I work for a caribbean resort. Things happen, we understand that, but the things that happened at this hotel were completely unacceptable. Finally a few nice things about the hotel: The concierge service was fantastic. We used them for dinner reservations, movie times & tickets, shopping ideas, and a great daytime activity. I was very impressed, they were on top of things. The other great thing, was the location. As other reviews state, the location of the Westin is wonderful. It is centrally located to Pike Place Market, shopping, restaurants, movies. And it was nice because if we weren't quite sure were the hotel was we could look up and see it in the Skyline, and know where to go. We will definately be coming back to Seattle. We loved the city, and ate at some fabulous restaurants (Oceanaire for one), we also loved the activites that we did while in Seattle, we just will not stay at the Westin again. We've stayed at the Paramount hotel. The Paramount was a lot cleaner, more personal, and therefore nicer. Also, it was a whole lot less expensive.