We checked into this hotel in November. I should have written this review earlier, but here goes. We orginally selected this hotel because our good friends had stayed here previously. We confirmed our check in about at about 4:00 P.M because we didn't plan to arrive until about 6:30. When we arrived it was an absolute zoo at the valet parking. In fairness there was a function from the University. In any event we left our car and were told the bags would be brought up to our room. Check was reasonably quick. The fellow at the front counter was quite young, about the age of my son. Just to make small talk, I asked how long he had been with the hotel. He snapped back, "Why do you ask". I guess he thought I was complaining because he looked a little tired and I said, I was just wondering how you liked working here. I think he then realized I was just trying to make conversation. He gave us our keys and pointed to the elevator. We arrived at the 7th. floor and were hit with a waft of stale smokey air. The carpets looked beat and were stained. Food trays were outside of two doors and it looked like they had been there awhile. We we opened the door to the room the smell was even worse. Being cheap travellers from Canada, I remarked to my wife, "I guess this is what $165 US gets you". We looked at the carpets and they were gross. I would not even feel comfortable taking my shoes off. We decided the smell was too strong and the room was obviously for smokers, which we were not. We went back down to front desk and were greated by what appeared to be a more senior person. We were very polite with our complaint and he apologized and gave us keys for another room on the 11th. floor. When we arrived the carpets were marginally better. We opened the door to the room. Nice view of another tower and no smell. I guess this is what we will get. I looked at the desk in the room and it appeared someone had sat down and poured themself a drink and there was ice that had melted in the bucket. It looked like someone had already checked into this room. I looked in the closet expecting to find someone's clothes. I then went into the bathroom and there was a bag underneath the vanity and someone had used the toilet and it had not been flushed. This was awful! Back down to the front desk. We said that we really don't like to complain, and told them that we though the room had already been checked into. My wife asked about the possiblity of an upgrade. The gave us another key and directed us to the other tower. We were given a room on the 46th. floor. A really nice suite with a great view of the space needle and Elliot Bay. There was a robe on the bed and one in closet. It looked like the robe on the bed has been worn the way it was thrown on the bed. Then I looked at the side table and thought it was nice to see the evening paper only to discover it had already been read and looked like it had been pulled out of the garbage can. In the shower in the bathroom, there were empty, used open shampoo and conditioner bottles just left in the shower. We thought, at least they have made good and we were satisfied................... That was until we got home from a nice dinner around midnight. The bed had been turned down, but as my wife climbed into bed and adjusted the pillow she notice it had blood on it. This was really gross. We just threw the pillow on the floor and used the remaining two. Funny, a couple of weeks later we had our good friends over and related the story to them. They then told us that they haven't stayed at the Westin for years because it had really gone downhill. I would have given a terrible rating, but since we were upgraded they did try.