Our son was getting married, and we needed 4 bedrooms for our family, so we booked this hotel, thinking that it would be great to have a living room, dining room and kitchen for our 3 night stay. We had two 2 bedroom units. It was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in, and we tried desperately to find anything else to get out of this dump. On the first night, returning from the rehearsal, my daughter found that her room key would not work, and that another couple was standing at our other door, attempting to use their key to open the room. The clerk had given them our room number as their room. The clerk sneered at my daugher when she went to the desk to sort out the problem. No apology, just ridicule. He then totally berated our other daughter when she paid for a parking pass for a third car - he even threatened that our cars might be damaged or that he might have them towed away by morning. Understand that we weren't unpleasant to him, we just seemed to catch him in the middle of a nervous breakdown. To top it off, when my husband went to the desk (we were afraid to send our adult daughters back under any circumstances) to ask for pillows and blankets for the bed chesterfield, the clerk handed my husband 6 towels and said he had no more pillows or blankets. Our bedding was stained, my mom's blanket was dirty, the bathroom was shabby and the floor was cracked. Some walls had pictures, some had bare hooks where pictures had once been. The wallpaper was dirty and marked. Our dining room table had 4 chairs (2 of them broken), while the other room had only 1 chair to go with the table. That room also had no dishes at all. Ours had 1 cup, 1 glass and an assortment of broken, unmatched dishes and cutlery. We gave our other room 2 of our 3 spoons. The pots were beat-up teflon that had rust on the bottom. I wouldn't boil water in them. Neither two-bedroom unit was clean and the furniture and rugs were noticeably stained. The door to the deck had no handle, and in my sister's room the vertical blinds were falling off when she tried to open her door (which also was broken). The beds had a flat mattress protector and thin, flat sheets - so when we slept we ended up on the bare mattress. It was enough to send chills down all our spines. This was the worst dump we have ever experienced, and we would gladly have packed and moved on the first night, despite it being almost 11:00 P.M by the time the clerk finished with us. I was so embarassed to have my mom with us, and my sister also renting a room. How can Travel Lodge allow this dive to carry its name? We expected a basic room, but we expected it to be clean and reasonably furnished with dishes, cutlery and pots, and bedding. I have never heard of a hotel not providing extra pillows and blankets (we only had 4 pillows in each room, and were not being unreasonable requesting pillows for the bed chesterfield). To top it off, there is major construction next door and it starts before 7:00 A.M. Don't call this a "Travel Lodge", call this a "Travel Nightmare".