The lady who showed us our room mentioned that we had the largest bathroom. Esthetically our room looked fine, and the bathroom was very spacious indeed. It appeared to be newly renovated, clean and included a shower and a large bathtub, but there was a peculiar odor of sewage. We assumed the smell must have been coming from the open window. We didnt have time to pay attention to whatever the smell was or where it was coming from because we had tickets to the Vatican Museums, and about 10 minutes to drop off our luggage and head out to the Vatican. When we returned to our room later that evening the smell of sewage made relaxing impossible. Where was this horrific smell coming from? I asked if it would be possible to be moved to another room (believe me, it was THAT bad). The gentleman at the desk told us that nothing else was available because he actually overbooked, and would have to make arrangements for another guest to stay at a nearby hotel. He then realized that he could make that arrangement for us instead and simply give our room to the new guest that would be arriving the next morning. That poor new guest had no idea what he or she would be in for. The gentleman was able to arrange for us to stay at a neighboring hotel, and the Domus Ester paid the difference of 20 Euros. He walked us over to the neighboring hotel, which was a mere block away, and said that we could see the room the next morning and decide if we wanted to stay there instead. I had closed the windows on our room while we were out all of 10 minutes while we were seeing where the other hotel was located. When we returned to our room we literally started gagging because the stench of sewage was so overwhelming and even worse than before because the window was closed for all of 10 minutes. The smell was not coming from the window, but coming from the spacious and newly renovated bathroom, which we can only assume might be due to incorrectly installed plumbing. We opened the window again and held our breath while we slept. Next morning we didnt even want to shower or go anywhere near the bathroom. We just wanted to leave, and didnt care what the new hotel would be like because anything would have been better than the Domus Sewer. The woman at the desk was surprised to see us leaving and offered us a new room because someone had cancelled at the last minute that morning. The new room she offered us at the Domus Ester did not smell, but it was directly across from the reception desk (not exactly private) and we just wanted to leave. If it wasn't for the Domus Ester smelly mishap we would not have known about the quiet, clean, contemporary Bed and Breakfast which was like a trendy apartment in the heart of Rome called the InandOutB&B. www.inandout-rome.com The In and Out Bed and Breakfast had the best espressos, lattes and croissants we had in any breakfast-included hotel in Italy. We really appreciate that the Domus Ester made a new arrangement, but it is inhumane to expect anyone to endure a smell of sewage strong enough to make them want to leave no sooner than they arrive, let alone expect anyone to pay for it in the first place. We are grateful that they were reasonable and understanding enough to make a new arrangement. I should also make it clear that not all the rooms at the Domus Ester have this problem and maybe they will get the sewage smell corrected in the room we had. If not for the smell, it is a fairly good hotel in an ideal location for experiencing the historic sights and trendy restaurants in Rome.