This is a Dirty, Old and Smelly Hotel. We should have transferred to the Travel Lodge next door, since we had stayed at the Travel Lodge before (and we were pleased with the service, as well as the full complimentary breakfast). Not here however. (Sorry this is long, but we are looking out for you as the consumer.) This Hotel Owner does not understand the concept of the "The Customer is always right." \ The rooms are from the 70s and the elevator is old & rickety. You will hear the sound from outside noise from party goers or the cars on the Freeway. It appears the windows are not well insulated. Some were even broken. We had to be moved three times. The owner has Horrible customer service. The hotel has a small & tightly arranged parking lot. Cars are easily damaged. We do not recommend this pit hole!!!! The employees indicated that the Owner/Manager treats the employees poorly, frequently yells at them and makes them cry. We believe them because he yells at his customers too, in front of other customers. One employee was forced to work two double shifts (double doubles). She was there for 48 hours straight. I seriously doubt he paid her overtime. Especially since he said he was going to fire her. The owner thinks he is superior to his employees, as well as his customers. Just because he is the owner of this dump... During the morning we checked-out, the owner tried to double charge us for the pet fee. Keep your receipts as we did. When we showed him our receipt, He said, "go back to your room!" He then called our room harassing us 4 times after we showed him our receipts that morning. He wanted to increase the room rate that we were charged. When we objected, he called us "cheap A ^&$%$&&% bas@##$$~tards" (because we complained about the rooms, the condition and his bad service.) The Owner is from India and it appears he needs to learn about USA hospitality standards. We were harassed and given a verbal threat.. He said he was going to "kill us"... reaching under the counter...really!!!!!! Do not give your money to this business...Someone needs to inspect this location and look into the owner... We were treated better by his employees... The owner said he was going to fire his employee who worked double doubles both nights we were there... She's gonna get fired because she spoke Spanish with us... She did not, but regardless, it sounds discriminatory to me... He should not be making these types of comments, especially since he is from India & English is not his first language...