Our party of six booked three rooms for two nights at the Hotel Vintage Park during a short stay in Seattle prior to departing on a cruise. The hotel itself is located downtown, right across the street from the public library, which is an impressive sight, and a 5 or 6 block walk to the waterfront, the market, restaurants and other entertainment. The lobby was nicely furnished with an area for a nightly wine reception, free for guests, and the property and each guestroom has a winery theme. We had quite a bit of luggage between the six of us and even though there were at least two bellmen standing in the lobby chatting, no one helped us with our bags or even wheeled us a luggage cart--we found one ourselves and took care of it. Not necessarily a complaint and we weren't trying to be lazy, but the place comes off as a high end establishment and you usually get help with your bags up to your rooms--particularly when the bellmen are just standing there. Check in was simple, but the clerk wasn't very warm or friendly. Parking was $28/night, valet only, which is apparently standard in the area, but still seemed high to me. The rooms were tastefully decorated and the furniture and furnishings were nice. The bathroom had marble sinks and L'Occitane products. There were robes hanging in the closet for our use, but were old, scratchy and in animal prints. A nice gesture, but I don't imagine many people make use of them. There was a basket of goodies and a fridge stocked with cold drinks and wine at a premium price. There was a hair dryer and iron, but no coffee pot, though it was free in the mornings in the lobby. Beds were very comfy. I personally made the reservations--3 rooms each with the description of a "King Premier Room"--so we were very surprised to learn that each of the three rooms were very different in terms of space and amenities. Our room was medium sized--the bed took up about half of the room with very little room to walk on either side of it. There was a small love seat, desk and chair and armoire all crammed together. Our bathroom was larger then the others. One set of travel companions, also supposedly in a King Premier Room, had a much larger room with what appeared to be much newer furnishings and a tiny bathroom. The final couple were placed in a room so tiny it was difficult to plop thier luggage down and had a queen bed instead of a king. They ended up having to be moved in the middle of the night because the air conditioning in their room inexplicably turned on during an all ready chilly evening and wouldn't turn off. The employee that arranged for the move made a big deal that they were moving them to an "upgraded" room because that was all that was available and told them they should be really grateful not having to pay extra. This made absolutely no sense, considering the room that they were moved to was smaller then the one I was staying in with no extra amenties or anything else to speak of, yet thiers was considered an upgrade while our was supposed to be standard. We booked three of the same type of rooms at the same price with the same description, yet got three completely different results. Seems they have several styles and floorplans and label the rooms whatever they want. Check out was a madhouse. There were more then a dozen people waiting for a cab, with clueless bellmen and valet drivers running around mixing people's luggage up. We paid more then $300 per night, per room and expected a little more in terms of service. We had such a great time in Seattle and I try not to think too badly of the hotel, but I will not stay there again when I return. Bottom line: a nice place with decent amenities, but the hotel tries to come off more ritzy then it actually is.