We are SPG Gold members and have stayed all across the country at Sheratons and Westins. This was probably one of the worst experiences we've had. We were going to be in Seattle for a few days on vacation and unfortunately, all the other hotels in the area were booked solid. Apparently, the cruise ships take off on Sundays and most hotels are booked on Saturday nights in the summer. So we decided to try a W for the first time. Never again. First off, the rate was ridiculous. We paid $264/night and the parking was $43 a night! When we first checked in, we had to ask twice for help with our luggage. The check-in staff were not especially friendly either. The concierge was very rude and it felt like we were a bother when asking questions. Not only that, but the guy gave us false information saying that it takes a good 3.5 to 4 hours to drive to Mt. Ranier and discouraged us from going. We went anyway, and it took only 2 hours to get there! The room was ok, albeit very small. Nothing spectacular here. The lobby was dimly lit and cramped. There was barely any room to move around when there were a large number of guests checking in. We were traveling with our 2 young kids (9 and 4). The entire time we were there we got looks from the other guests. It really felt like kids were not welcome there. This was very discouraging. Our youngest child has a lot of food allergies, mainly peanuts and eggs. My wife had called a week in advance and talked to the front desk manager and the chef at the restaurant and told them about the allergies and what he can and can't have. They assured us that they would purchase the necessary items so that he could enjoy eating breakfast with the rest of us. When we got there, they had no clue about his allergies and had done nothing to prepare in advance! They offered him a bowl of fruit for breakfast. My wife was furious! They were told a week in advance about the allergies and still were clueless. I will never stay at the W Seattle again and probably not another W period. If they are trying to cater themselves to the young and kidless clientele, they are missing out on a huge segment of business.