We were always curious about staying that the Hotel Max and decided to go this last weekend. We got on-line and noticed we could get a room in the $90 range. As we tend to be last minute planners, we decided to book directly with the hotel en-route. We called the hotel and said we wanted to book a room tonight and the front desk agent said that they couldn't book a room directly and we had to call the 800 reservations line. He transferred us and we sat outside the Hotel Max for 15 minutes on hold waiting for an agent to pick up. The door / valet knocked on our window and asked us if he could help us - and we told him what was going on. He said that was not normal and we should just go inside and check in and that the desk agent we spoke to must have been wrong. We went inside and met "Brian" at the desk. (Brian doesn't like his job) We said we would like to make a reservation for tonight and we saw on-line that there are rooms available and that they were available in the $90 range per night. Brian then began to tell us that he could not book a room at that price and we would have to pay $139. We pulled up our iPhone and showed him that we could book it right now in the lobby on one of the many hotel sites. He said that we could sit in his lobby and book it on-line, but that he wouldn't be able to honor the reservation - even with a confirmation number until the reservation linked with his - which would be over two hours. Snidely he said - do you want to do that or would you like to book the room now at $139. I said to Brian that the external OTA's charge quite a fee and that actually the hotel would be doing better if he would just honor that lowest rate guarantee and provide good customer service to us and the hotel would save $25 to $30 in room revenue. That is when Brian used the greatest service line ever - "That's our policy". The entire check-in process was cold and unprofessinal. When we asked "tell us about this hotel" he said, what do you want to know... we asked tell us about it - it is unique and we really don't know much about it. He said, It's a hotel that was taken over from the Vance hotel chain and that they feature art here. That really told us some great stuff "Brian". There was no description of the room we were going to go in, the services of the hotel and anything else hospitable. The room was cold, although clean, but did not feel we got the value out of the experience. We would not stay here again - unless you are seeking a rude experience as your stay and a mediocre room to sleep - super small rooms. As we were so impressed with the service - there was a huge disconnect as to why the property had so much strange pictures everywhere. It wasn't until we read in the room that this was designed to be "artsy" in decor with some unique and signature pieces that we understood the theme. I guess "artsy" means rude and unprofessional. But as Brian said "that's our policy".