1)The good things about the hotel was the artsy look and feel.Entering the hotel, the lobby and everything was definitely unique. The art all over the hallways on our floor was very cool. 2)The shower I took the next morning felt incredible and I was really surprised because the night before when we first got into the room, we were dissapointed that the shower was a standing stall and not a tub. But the shower head is one of those good kinds. And there were nice Aveda bath products. I was very pleased because Aveda is an eco-friendly company and they make amazing products.3) The hotel rooms at the Max are supposedly European styled, meaning smaller sized rooms, but we were fortunate enough to get one of the bigger sized rooms with a queen. 4) Last of all, when I checked out, the guy at the front desk was very friendly on the phone, because I had some problems with my bill which I will mention after this, and he was very helpful and trying to help me find a resolution. Ok, now the bad things about this hotel: 1)Checking in, there was only one person behind the desk. We did check in late around 7pm but still.He was on the phone when I arrived. And he could have been a little bit friendlier, ( aren't all hotel staff usually super friendly?) 2) Using room service to order food from the restaurant next door, The Red Fin, was not the best because the restaurant must have forgotten about the beer I ordered. And what's weird is that some lady had called me from the restaurant and told me they were out of the kind I had ordered and so I had given her an alternative option which she said they had. But when our food came, the beer was missing. And I had to call the hotel two times on the phone to see what was going on. The guy (I think the same check in guy?) told me the first time I didn't have an order for the beer that I had told the restaurant lady I'd have instead. Then he had a question for me about our room service restaurant bill and said the total my boyfriend put didn't match the tip and the rest of the bill. (And so you know, the 18% they automatically add for you goes to the restaurant, so there is an empty spot on the receipt for you to tip the person who actually brings you the food.) But the guy on the phone said they'd figure out the bill and we hung up. But as I was eating the food with my boyfriend (and we were pleased with the food), I realized that when I called the hotel about my missing beer, I had mentioned the beer that was the second choice, and maybe the hotel didn't know about how the lady from the restaurant had called me to ask me if I wanted a different kind , and so I pressed 0 on the phone and asked him if there was an order for the beer that I had originally asked for. And he said there was not an order for any beer. And I was pretty polite both times, and this time around, I said ok, thank you, and he just hung up on me! He didn't even apologize again or say bye, which made me feel like I was annoying for calling them again, wondering where that beer that I was looking forward to enjoying was during my supposedly leisurely stay there. And I could have ordered it again because he did ask the first time if I wanted to order it again but I said it was ok, because I'd have to wait again, and would there be another bill added for another room service? Who knows? I'm sure I could have demanded that it was complimentary since it was not my fault that they forgot my beer. But I didn't want to do all that. I just wanted to enjoy a beer with my food and have a relaxing night with my boyfriend. Well, turns out I just drank a beer from the mini bar in the room which I didn't mind paying 6 bucks for because I didn't have to wait for that beer. I should have just done that from the start but I wasn't aware that they had a kind I liked in the mini bar and I didn't know if the beers in the room were outrageously priced. Anyways, sitting on the hotel bed, watching cable tv was very relaxing, the bed was very comfortable and there were a bunch of pillows, and there was this smaller sized pillow that was just the perfect size for me to hold while watching tv. But when I tried to sleep later on, it was not a pleasant experience at all for me. The pillows were absolutely hard and yes, the hotel does have some pillow menu which sounds cool, but I really didn't want to call 2 am and ask for a different kind, especially after that earlier encounter on the phone. I felt like I was sleeping on a dictionary, really! All the pillows were hard, and my boyfriend later told me they were down pillows or something, but they were not the type of pillows for me, maybe some people like them, but I didn't. So I was tossing and turning the whole night, and to make it worse, the heater in the room was very loud. And if you turned it off, the room got freezing cold. So I turned it back on, and it was just so loud, I couldn't sleep.It was some kind of older type heater things that was positioned in front of the window. And you know what else? Our room was next to the elevator and I should have known better because all night, ALL NIGHT, there were sounds coming from the hallways and at first, I thought it was the housekeeper driving the cleaning cart around and maybe banging into the walls or something (that's what it sounded like), but my boyfriend later told me it was probably the elevator next door. If you get room #701, maybe you should ask for a different room! My boyfriend did actually sleep and supposedly slept good too, but he got really drunk the previous night, so of course he slept good! Ok, so the last things I will mention is, after getting only about 4 hours of sleep total with many noisy interruptions in between during this supposedly leisurely getaway from home, when it was check out time, I called the hotel from our room phone to confirm check out. It was a different guy this time and he was actually very friendly! The guy told me the bill total and I asked him what the total was for the room service and it was higher than I expected, so I asked him if there was a mistake. And what do you know, it turns out that the guy who had brought the food to us must have changed the tip amount my boyfriend had written in because it was now a higher amount, and that is why the night before, the other guy on the phone had mentioned an inconsistency with the bill total. But the friendly guy on the phone this time told me we could contact the restaurant and see what they wanted to do about it,but I decided it was not worth the wait, and told him that the guy could have a nice tip (even if he did change the amount himself, which is very wrong, but what the heck, he must really need it to have to change it), and the check out guy asked me if I was sure, and I said yes. Oh, and when I stood outside for my car to be brought up by valet, it took way too long. I was standing there for a while. This hotel definitely needs work in some areas and definitely could be better. Some of their staff needs better training or hiring choices should be better (valet shouldn't take so long, some staff should be friendlier, and someone definitely shouldn't be writing in different amount tips for themselves on the room service receipts. ) Maybe second time around will be better, if there will ever be a second time? The only reason I might consider this hotel again is because I saw last time on their website that they have cool little packages like one coming up for Valentine's Day where they will have rose petals put on the bed for you. That sounds really cool, but I don't know if I'm willing to take another risk and hope for a flawless experience? The last place I stayed at was the Marriott-Waterfront in Seattle, and this was definitely a downgrade. But I should have known better when I knew I was paying $135 for a room. You really get what you pay for!