We regularly stay in Seattle (Hotel Andra and Deca) and we found Hotel Max to be an unpleasant and unfriendly place to stay. When we arrived we were greeted by an unsmiling receptionist who informed us, without apology that all four of our rooms had been cancelled because we had been expected the day before. I showed him the reservation that confirmed we had arrived as per the booking and he silently began tapping on his keyboard. Eventually he got rooms for two of us but said the other two would have to go in smoking rooms. After some discussion later he found two non-smoking rooms for us  although they were queens instead of kings. Our rooms were all hellishly tiny (two king and two queen). I had a medium-sized suitcase and the only place I could open it without blocking the exit to my room was on my bed. There was literally just enough space to walk around the bed. The bathroom was just as disappointing. The shelf is so slim, it barely held my washbag. After it fell off twice, I took to storing it on the floor. The best thing about the bathroom is the Aveda products  although they appear to be in scarce supply as none of mine were replaced during the three night trip. We had three parcels delivered to the Hotel a few days before our arrival. The porter could not find them and announced they were not in the building. I showed him proof that theyd been delivered and after some coaxing he emerged with one package. I pressed him to find the second, which he eventually did. When he could not find the third, I offered to come to the post room to help him. I immediately spotted my package in front of the door and clearly labelled  but it had been opened. No apologies, just shoulder shrugging. Breakfast on day one was a bizarre experience. The Japanese-style restaurant looks very nice in the evening but the bizarre thumping music did not seem very appropriate at 7am. In the lobby the restaurant was advertising pancakes but the waiter informed me they were out (Id love the recipe because to my knowledge there arent many exotic ingredients in a pancake). Curiously the restaurant was almost empty every morning. I ordered room service one evening and placed my tray outside the room afterwards because I did not wish to be disturbed. I was more than surprised to see it still outside the door 22 hours later when I returned the next evening. As I checked out I was ready to tell the receptionist about my experience but she just handed me my receipt without asking how my stay was. Overall my impression is that Hotel Max is trying very hard to be a hip hotel  there are some interesting design features. But it felt like this is being done at the expense of customer service because the staff, for the large part, appeared uninterested in welcoming guests or enhancing their stay. Im returning to Seattle soon but will give Max a miss and head back to the Andra instead.