I chose this hotel to experience something different from a chain hotel and for its convenient location. Upon arrival, I was pleasantly greeted by the valet and reception staff. I was very happy with the corner room they assigned me. It was clean, modern, but still managed to feel cozy. In fact, I liked it so much, I went thanked them for the great room they gave me on the way back from dinner. I didn't even mind the constant rush hour traffic penetrating my windows all the way up on the 9th flloor - and I don't think another floor would have made a difference as there's only 10 stories to the hotel. But in the middle of the night just when one is sound asleep, between about 3 and 4AM, there was LOUD metal clattering the entire HOUR. This happened for 2 nights! I would think it was garbage pick up as road or buidling construction is ususally wrapped up by the time peoople are ready to call it a day. When I called down to reception early in the morning to ask for earplugs, they'd run out. As the hotel was fully booked that night due to it being all that was left downtown thanks to a conference according to someone at dinner, earplugs were the only choice one had. On the same night, a giant moth the size of butterfly - I wish I was making this up - decided to flutter around my room. When I called down to reception, they came up w/in 5 minutes to resolve the problem. However, management was not as responsive when I'd conveyed my adventurous night with 2-3 hours of solid sleep to him. His nonchalant reply was " that's what you should expect when staying downtown." How RUDE!! I told him that I'd stayed at the Pan Pacific which is DOWNTOWN (only 2 blocks over and 2 small blocks up) and the noise level was nowhere near what I'd experienced at Hotel Max. I wish they were classy enough to think to offer a glass of wine each evening to help me sleep. But I guess that was wishful thinking as he was barely apologietic. As I don't find sleeping w/ earplugs comfortable, I decided to wear my self out and not go to sleep until I was beyond exhausted the last night there. So maybe this hotel is better suited for tourists who tire themselves out from running around town sightseeing and shopping until they pass out. Though I loved the room, and the rest of the staff was great (including those at the adjoining Red Fin Restaurant which had terrific miso and seafood udon along w/ really fresh sushi on Tuesday night), I would never stay there again unless the hotel invests in soundproofing the rooms. After all, isn't the bottom line of what we're paying for at a hotel a good, sound night's sleep?