These people like to dictate the prices of their rooms according to the availability of other places to stay in downtown Seatte and how busy the weekend might be. As stated by others this has also happend to them, it does not matter if you planned your trip 1 month or 1 year in advance , nor does it matter how far you traveled, flew, etc. They actually erased my post since it was so negative on their official website, smart guys don't want anyone telling the truth especially when it's directly linked the your official .com site. I'm sure there are plenty of less poorly ran places to stay without money hungry owners in Seattle. Great location and boy do they know it. This weekend Manchester United were in town playing the Seattle Sounders, it broke a record at Quest Field (seats 67,000 and the attendance was 67,052) at least Quest Field could squeeze in 52 more. "The Roosevelt" or as i like to call it "the George Bush Jr. Administration, or The Obama Administration for that matter, decided to not make one attempt to call, email, and we flew.... instead decided, in a dwindling economy, to take advantage of that super busy weekend and told us, "Sorry some people decided to stay over in your room" Seriously.?? Well when Quest field sells out and there is nowhere to stay perhaps $400 a night is enough to let people "stay over" in our booked room, this is the only time ever i've had a hotel do this and i've stayed in hotels all over California, Vegas, England wherever. The manager had some poor kid behind the desk who was shaking as he told us. What class to not even be able to face people in your own establishment and let some college kid take the heat, well done. I told them i'd rather stay with Courtney Love than this place and i was serious......steer clear unless you want them to relocate you as they did us in a dump hotel 10 miles back out towards the airport. Oh it's all good tho we got a "free limo ride" to this place and a courtesy shuttle bus to take us 10 miles into and back out of Seattle each time tipping the driver who was a nice guy but was not on time as in an hour late to pick us up at 11pm after the game, after walking 3 miles to our shuttle bus pickup at Krispy Kreme donuts. These people screwed us over royally and the owner should learn a lesson or eventually one will be taught P.S. class stuff to take down all of your reviews that directly connect to the official.com website your hotel in Seattle is linked to. Since there are Roosevelt hotels all the way to the east coast im sure my family and i were just a bug in your windshield, and thanks for the positive memories i'll bring back from our totally gratifying experience. This rant is the best way i can tell you people how upset my family and i were. US Dept of Labor need to run court on the owner ASAP and if your reading this btw as im sure an owner might don't be suprised if you see a fist comming towards your peephole next time you order room service.