I have stayed here many times over the years so when I read all the reviews I thought "it can't have gotten that bad". In the end, I decided to Priceline because I was going on a short shopping trip, needed to stay out by the airport and I thought I'd go less expensive. I got the Doubletree. I would not purposely stay here again at this point. I was so negatively motivated by my experience I even filled out a comment card at the front desk which is unusual for me. First of all what cookies? Once you are a priceline check in, you are dirt. No cookies. No room in the tower. Valet parking was ridiculous it took so long. Sometimes there was nobody there. Checking in I needed bellman assistance. I waited FOREVER and I do not exxagerate. They explained there is only 1 on duty and they get really busy so they would "try" to get one for me. The front desk service was inadequate, and several staff members were hard to understand. In the bar (which is being remodeled) the waitress was far less than courteous. They have 3 computers available for internet access. One was broken the whole time, another was broken most of the time, and they were VERY SLOW. And people sat on them all evening instead of minding the time limit. Nobody on staff noticed. I paid for an extra 1/2 day in order to check out at 6pm. But they didn't tell me I'd need to get my key reactivated so with my arms completely full and in a hurry to catch my flight, I go to access my room from the wing I was in (far far away from the front desk) only to be locked out requiring me to put everything back in the car, drive all the way to the front desk, stand in line while TWO people waited on one guy who wanted quarters, and then have to drive back to my wing. The rooms are marginally clean and there is an "old hotel" smell in the hallways. I left one day at about 8am and there was a room service tray outside the room next to me. It was still there at 9pm that night when I came back. The beds are comfortable. The bathrooms are nice only in that they have a seperate vanity outside the actual bathroom. The nicest thing I can say right now is that this hotel USED to be nice.