I booked this room through Priceline, and for the price I paid ( I did a "Name your own price" thing~$74 incl. tax for 1 night) it was okay.....but if I had to pay the regular price I would be VERY dissapointed. I don't expect vomit in my room, and rude workers for $200+ a night,lol. Let me start by saying I am pretty easy going, but honest. I am not someone who only points out the negatives in life~so if I sound mostly negative here, I'm sorry, but this is what stood out to me! I did mention the positives here,too. The experience I had with my arrival was not so good. My sister dropped myself, my husband and our child off at the hotel so we could catch an early flight the next day. She literally parked, walked us to check in,went to our room (so her little girl could use the restroom) and left.....15 minutes she was there, they rudely said that she was there for 23 minutes, and only the first 20 minutes are free, then made her pay $4.00 ~credit card only, she was lucky she had one. The hotel goes for at LEAST $199 + tax per night, and they charge her $4 to drop us off? I think that is pretty outrageous. (I read other reviewers on priceline say it's about $17/night for guests to park overnight too!! Parking should be included in the $200 a night.) When we checked in the woman who was working the desk was unfriendly, and seemed put out that she had to check us in. The man in the lobby who offered to help us with our bags was so nice. He made a joke with us, and was welcoming in general. The room itself was great! It's huge, which is helpful when you have a four year old boy with you! There was PLENTY of room for the three of us to relax in there. We also loved that there was a nice balcony and big windows. The Neutrogena products were a nice touch, as was the free cookie on arrival. They have a free airport shuttle which was handy,too. The bathroom was very dirty though. When we lifted the toilet seat for my son to use the toilet there were large chunks and splashes of VOMIT all over the toilet. (Also the bathtub still had an old 1/2 used face wash in it,was a bit dirty and had a wet floor mat in it. That toilet though...REALLY surprised me and my little boy. It freaked him out a bit~poor guy didn't want to use that toilet again, he ended up having an 'accident' (his first ever)because he was holding off trying to go back to it. He loved the room too before we saw that!! I included some photos of the room I took while we were checking it out, So all in all, if the service was better and the parking fees were removed I would say this hotel is wonderful. Pricey, but wonderful. The way it is now? it's not so great. I'm wondering if my experience is the norm, or if I was just very unlucky?