After I booked this hotel through Hotwire, I called them up & asked about parking, etc. They told me parking was $16 / day (are you kidding me?) and I told them that I was a teacher and attending a conference in the area. I was told that I would get a state employee discount for parking OR that I would get a discount because I was attending a conference. When I arrived, I found the place to be nice and clean and impressively big. I told the lady (who was quite abrupt) at the front desk about what I had been told about parking. She ignored me and said, "It's $16 per day. No exceptions." I asked to speak with a manager and she said, "He'll just say the same thing," and she did not get him. I again asked to see a manager and again she said, "He'll just say the same thing," and she reluctantly went back and got him. It took a few minutes so obviously she was telling him about me . . . and when he came out, he (in the typical managerial type manner) apologized but refused to discount my parking, regardless of what I had been told. Even though he had the capability of discounting my parking, he wouldn't budge - regardless of the fact that I had been told that parking was discounted for state government employees and also discounted for people attending conferences. For that and that alone, I give this place a 2 out of 5 stars. Parking prices are ridiculous, and they don't keep their word. I should have gotten the name of the person who gave me the initial information. Additionally, as with other Hilton properties, there is no free wi-fi in the rooms. Not only are the rooms very expensive, but you have to pay for the convenience of having internet access in your room. I can stay in much cheaper locations (the Marriot, La Quinta, even roadside inns on the coast) and they always provide free wi-fi in the rooms. What a rip-off! They do have free wi-fi if you make the long trek to the lobby, but this is a large hotel so it's extremely inconvenient. The TV was old and small. Much cheaper hotels are offering flat-screen TV's with HD channels . . . so an old dumpy TV seems a bit out of place. So, lousy service, expensive parking, old TVs, dishonest employees . . . I give this hotel a big thumbs-down. I will say that the room was nice, the pillows were big and fluffy, the property was clean and very well secured.