We stay at a lot of hotels, mostly upper-end. This Doubletree has some major service/management problems. I dropped my wife off and left to return the car at Sea-Tac airport. She had five total pieces of luggage. ZERO help from the valet. Indide the hotel as she was trying to get to the checkin area not a single bellhop moved a muscle to help. She was bothered by a rotator cuff and got no help at all getting the bags into the hotel or once in the hotel. She called my cellphone and told me of the miserable service. When I initially arrived at the hotel the LAZY woman at the gated entrance to the hotel could barely rouse herself inside the booth to be bothered with a question about dropping off the bags. Miserable attitude. We've all met ones like her. I later found out that the parking and outside car attendants are contracted out to another company. Its service is so awful I won't name it here. Clearly the inside service is as bad as the outside. My wife (normally a mild, retired CEO of a major institution) was livid. This is a big airport hotel with no food service prior to 6AM (except room service) in Seattle where most cross-country flights leave early or very early and you have to get to the airport early. No help with baggage. The other clear impression is that the bellhops don't provide service, they are there to be "hired." If you don't "hire" them they don't move a muscle. The concept of "service" is alien to them and this property. The combination of that plus the outside contracted driveway services is lethal. Eventually (probably because of the discussion I had when I returned to the property with him) the front desk manager came up to the room to apologize. That was good service. That was the ONLY good service received. We arrived at the hotel from the Hotel Andra in downtown Seattle. It was excellent., but for an early departure from Sea-Tac one would have to get up very early there. We didn't stay anywhere else so I have no other recommendations but this hotel has "location" but NO class.