I wouldn't recommend this Hotel to anyone, GROSS!!!!!! We booked this hotel through our Travel Agent because we needed a place to leave our car for 7+ days. Red Lion usually has a good reputation so I figured it would be okay. It took us 12 hours to drive to this hotel from where we lived so we were very tired and ready to get into our room. Well, when we drove up I knew it was going to be bad. It looked dreadful. And for $159.00 a night I surely expected better. We checked in and headed to our room. When we opened the door they had given us a room that hadn't been made up yet. So my husband went to let them know. They gave us another room supposedly a non smoking room. When we opened the door it smelled so badly of cigarettes. The carpet was disgusting it was stifling hot and no way to control the A/C. The room faced what looked like a court yard and thats where the employees took there cigarette breaks so I couldn't open the windows, plus I would not have felt safe due to the area the Hotel was located. The shear curtains had pieces of what looked like Strawberry cheesecake splattered on them and part of one wall. The clock was gone and there was no Iron. We ask for a 6:00 am wakeup call I was feeling a little uneasy about if they would call or not so I set my cell phone as a back up. Turns out it was a good thing because they never called us. Only enough towels for two people and we were a family of four. When we asked for more towels they brought them to our room and she apologized that she could only give us hand towles and wash clothes because the person with the key to the main storage was not at the Hotel at the time. When I went to the front desk to get an iron they were very surprised there wasn't one. I also mentioned to them that the room smelled liked cigarettes and I suggested to them to only give that room to a smoker next time. They offered to change our room again I said  no thanks that would be our third room in 15 minutes.  I just wanted to go to sleep so I could hurray and leave in the morning. When we went to their little cafe they didn't have any food because it hadn't came in. By morning however they did have a little food to offer. I will say the staff was very nice and helpful and they had a free shuttle to the airport which was wonderful. The young man that drove us to the airport was very nice. I would not ever stay there again nor would I recommend it to anyone.