Better than I expected I planned a reunion at this hotel for a WWII group because it had more amenities than some hotels closer to the airport and the price was much more reasonable. My headaches began when my calls were not returned to finalize details for the group. I notified my group of the arrangements I had made, then found out the hotel had been sold. Worse yet, the old manager had not informed the new general manager of the arrangements I had made. After reading the reviews here and not having a lot of success contacting the group sales manager, I was fearful of what I would find when we gathered for the reunion.I was pleasantly surprised.It appeared when I got there that the new general manager still was not aware of my plans, but he worked hard and quickly to set up a conference room for us. The hotel manager was very accommodating to anything we needed, including providing coffee and ice water. They worked with the catering company to make our meals enjoyable.The bad (read on because there are good things about this place): the shuttle was very slow. Some of our group were taken to the mall and asked to be picked up at a particular time. They were told to call the hotel when they were ready. At the appointed time, they did call, but it was 90 minutes before the shuttle came back to get them. The hotel needs an update. Maroon carpeting in the hallways clashes with the orange paint on the walls. The halls are dark with very low lighting, although it wasn't hard to see the number to my room. We asked 3 times for a new light bulb in the area outside the bathroom (there are no electrical outlets in the bathroom itself), and no one ever came to replace it. So we had to use hair dryers in the dark. The check-in at the front desk was very slow. The continental breakfast, while free, was not the best. The room was small with two queen beds. More than two people would have tripped over each other. The sprinklers came on about 7pm and all the sidewalks to the outer buildings were wet and impassible without getting soaked. (Why don't they water the lawn overnight?)Now the good: I found the front desk staff to be very friendly and courteous. Each one tried their best to be personable and helpful to my needs. The bed was comfortable and had at least 4 pillows. The lobby had continuous coffee available. I asked for the conference room we were in to have the temperature adjusted, and a maintenance person was there within 15 minutes. The outdoor pool was not heated, but adequate. The lounge chairs were very low, though, and hard to get back out of. Considering how close we were to the airport, I didn't hear airplane noise at all.Overall, the service by the staff and the comfort of the room made the stay pleasant enough. I wouldn't pick this place for a longer visit, though. If I was to spend any more time in the room, I would want it to have more space to be comfortable. The TV did not have as many channels to choose from.