Not what we thought or Hoped For ! We had never been to Dominican Republic, we thought we were going to be on the Carribean Sea(our fault) should have made sure. The Hotel i thought would be excellent as it was new. It was a shame at how poor the workmanship was. I almost felt sorry for the owners! Maybe if they had been a little more respectful of the guests, this is a small Hotel. The one fellow never smiled or greeted you, all he ever did was talk on his cell phone or walkie talkie. When we arrived, the bell boys ushered us to the lobby to get our room, don't worry about your bags they told us. We are now registered and go to get our bags, well guess what, my wifes bag is not there. We are told not to worry they will come back with her bag. After almost 4 hours and absolutely no help from this woman Amoria i think her name was. The other staff were of very little help as well. Finally this young lady overheard our problem, Leoni was her name and she worked for sunquest, after explaining to her that our bags were on the bus and that my wifes had not been taken off and that as they only had 2 resorts to stop at after ours, could she please call and see if they had her bag. Which is all we wanted the other staff to do. I was willing to pay the cab fare and go get it. All they kept telling us was wait it will come back or phone office tomorrow, yah right! Leoni made the calls and finally located our bag at a resort 2 down from ours. Leoni called a cab and within an hour or so we had my wifes bag. So just a note to everyone, don't let your bag out of your site, as we were not the only ones that had their bags misplaced. The roads in this country are aweful, why they would build where they did is beyond me, maybe free land. Garbage everywhere, they seem to have no sanatation. I have never met such wonderful friendly people as the Dominican people though. Thankfully we met some wonderful people at the resort, and had some good visits. It's just to bad a lot of talk was about the poor conditions of the hotel and the drinks and food being questionable, we got a bad taste for our first visit, probably won't return to the Dominican anytime soon!