I stayed at the hotel 11/14/08 for 2 nights. I booked the package through Marriotts web site. The package incuded a deluxe room, free parking and a gas card. When we checked in we were told our room was not ready but they could give a handicapped room. I asked to look at the room. It was on the first floor facing the street and parking lot. I went back and said we would wait for our room. We came back 2 hours later and they gave me keys to room 199 which was 3 rooms away from the room we originally looked at, again facing the street and parking lot. I went back to the front desk and said I booked a deluxe room which was supposed to overlook the pool and be on a higher floor. I was told deluxe and standard rooms are the same. I was getting nowhere with the front desk. I went back to my 1st floor room and called the phone number on my marriott rewards card and explained the problem to them. I was told they would have a manager call me in my room. After no call I went to the managers office and talked to one of the managers and she said to me you want a deluxe room for the price you paid? I said yes that is what the package offers and I did not create the package I just bought Marriotts package. She then told me the package did not offer a deluxe room but a standard room. I told her that supposedly they are the same from what the front desk tells me. I told her that I had called the hotel directly before i booked and asked about the rooms and was told a deluxe room was a higher floor facing the pool. I then showed her my reservation confirmation which said deluxe room on it. The manager said well nobody else has complained. I told the manager that I could have stayed at the Hilton or Doubletree down the street cheaper and I will check out unless I get the room I paid for. Finally she says well your right I will get another room. I did get another room still on the first floor but facing the pool. The hotel was not very busy and we should have gotten the room we paid for which we never did. Bait and Switch at its best. I will stay at the Hilton or Doubletree down the street on my future visits to Seattle area. The room was okay very dark, small bathroom. The bed very comfortable. Old T.V. no flat screens.