Beautiful pool and garden area--the rest was absolutely a rip-off. I booked a two King bed pool side room with eEpedia for $159 a night. Plus there was a $10 per night extra person charge. This should have been my warning. Since when did two people in a hotel room become an "extra person" charge? Especially a room with two King beds. The room itself was spacious, although I would have called it Garden Side as it overlooked a large courtyard garden and not the pool. And then the fee experience began...the internet is a surcharge which is insane with room prices this high and you can get free internet down the street at the other hotels. We never got a room clean-up for the second day and I had to call at 6:30 p.m. and ask if anyone was going to service our room and could we at least get fresh towels. There had been a cleaning cart two rooms down for most of the afternoon but the front desk explained that not all rooms were on the cleaning list. Really? For $159 a night and it doesn't get freshened up unless you call to ask? When someone did appear, it was creepy. He knocked and before we could go to the door, he had his key into the lock, and was in the room. He had no cart. No towels. Spoke very broken English and we couldn't figure out what he was doing in our room. Which speaking of service--the morning gals at the coffee stand need to be learn some customer service. One in particular was just downright surly and snotty to every customer in line. The prices for the restaurant are extremely over-piced and the meals were greasy, and every time we tried to eat they were extremely busy and the service was slow. However, even if you wanted to bring food in with you..there is no refrigerator in the room. ALTHOUGH, there was a locked cabinet where one had obviously at one time been. When we asked the front desk, we were told they took them all out! The hotel itself needs some attention. One of the gates at the pool didn't work, and there were numerous people trying to use it and banging the gate before someone inside would let them in. In the room, one of the desk drawers was broken. At check-out, two room service charges were billed to my room, even though we told them to bill them to the other party's room traveling with us. And don't even bother trying to order a pot of coffee--there is only two small cups in the room--not even a small coffee pot to make your own. But if you try to order from room service--that's $29 bucks for a pot of coffee, plus we waited 40 minutes for our pot of coffee. 40 Minutes for a pot of coffee??? The guy who delivered it was very nice and apologized saying they were under-staffed, and he took off our food delivery charge since it was just a pot of coffee. Kudos to him--he was pretty much the only nice thing about this hotel. And then, the worst of all is the $20 PER DAY parking charge. Oh yes, plus a tax which looked like it was 18%. On parking???? When every other hotel in the area is free parking. This hotel is a total rip-off. There are so many other hotels in the area--pick one of the other 5 star ones--including a Radisson right next door. You'll be glad you did.