My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights last week. On arrival we were encouraged that the hotel was clean, well situated and that the furniture in the room was nice and new. Although small the room was perfectly adequate for our needs and appropriate for the price. The rooftop terrace and pool were also a bonus. HOWEVER: We got no sleep at all in this hotel. We had seen an earlier review here on Trip Advisor where the reviewer mentioned issues with the management refusing to turn on the air conditioning, and hoped this was a one-off. It wasn't. The air conditioning is centrally-controlled and was not switched on the whole time we were there. The first night in particular was unbearably hot - the temperature outside was 30 degrees Celsius (we saw the temperature displayed on a number of signs around the city so this was definitely the case) and in the small room the heat was incredible. We repeatedly called reception who had trouble speaking English and who informed us that the air conditioning was "closed". The manager it seems is trying to save money by forcing guests to endure hot sleepless nights. When I continued to complain I was told to "open the window" - with a very noisy street right outside and a mosque next door, not an option and hardly an acceptable recommendation for a so-called 3-star hotel. Finally in desperation I asked for a fan and they managed to locate an old one with a broken base that we had to prop up against the wall, far from ideal. Air conditioning is a stated feature of this hotel and is the reason we chose it above lots of other, cheaper hotels. To me, the management actively deciding not to offer a benefit which is clearly stated on the hotels website and throughout all of its promotional literature is a trading standards issue. Imagine calling down to reception about the air-conditioning in a 3-star hotel in the UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain etc and being told that the manager refuses to switch it on and to open a window! The other thing to beware of is we booked via Booking.com (which is the site you get directed to from Trip Advisor) and our rate was quoted in Euros. You provide your credit card details to guarantee the booking but you need to actually pay for the hotel, on check out. We didn't have any Euros with us on check out and so to pay in Turkish Lira. The hotel insisted on an exchange rate of 2.9 Lira to one Euro - the real rate is 2.5 - so our booking cost considerably more. We stayed at a number of other hotels in Turkey, booked in the same way, on our trip, and they used a reasonable exchange rate so we were not out of pocket. At this hotel the extortionate exchange rate used added another 8.8 Euros per night to the room cost. So bring Euros with you to pay!