This is a new hotel that has just recently opened with all of the issues that that might ensue. There is so much positive but there is also a lot more that could be done that wouldn't take much effort on the hotel's part, but would create a much better experience for the clients overall. The hotel staff is an asset - one staff member especially provided excellent service - the others tried very hard although did not quite reach the same level. The rooms are of a good size and have excellent storage space. In-room wifi is a reasonable EUR5 per day, although it really should be included in the room rate. Breakfast appears to be reasonably priced at EUR11 although we declined to take it. The shower is excellent. The rooms offer plenty of natural light due to their massive windows looking out onto Potsdamer Str. Unfortunately, the designers failed to take into account the fact that guests might wish to enjoy the natural light while not necessarily wishing the entire street to see what they are doing. Consequently, the windows could either be covered by thick blackout drapes or not at all - why could they not have provided window nets for example? There was no safe in the room at all and the door lock to the room was made unnecessarily complicated - it took at least 3 attempts to open it every time, even after a few days of getting used to it. No mini bar either. What really disappointed was the lack of toiletries in the room. The bathroom consisted of a single soap dispenser located over the sink, which meant having to get out of the shower just to get some soap. It turns out that there is no complimentary soap/shampoo available and these items are charged for at reception. This is disappointing when the rate hovers around EUR90 per night. Housekeeping is also poor - there was a large amount of dust on the bedside table which wasn't cleaned at all during our stay. The hotel is well connected to the public transit network in Berlin and reaching all parts of the city and its airports is very easy. Nevertheless, the neighbourhood is one of the less affluent of the city and while it felt perfectly safe to us, other travellers might have a different impression. I put some of my thoughts to the receptionist on checking out but they were immediately dismissed and I was told simply to close the blackout drapes if I had wanted privacy. I would consider staying here again only as a last resort - it could be so much better, the potential is there and the staff is certainly willing, it just needs some fine tuning and it could be a decent hotel.