My wife and I went for our honeymoon. Here is the majority of the email that I sent them just now. One of the absolute worst experiences of my life. We had heard good things about your resort, and were looking for a relaxing honeymoon with excellent food and amenities. What we received was only slightly short of a nightmare, and was definitely one of the worst travel and vacation experiences either of us have ever had. We chose your property based on several factors. We have friends who have stayed with you in the past who said they had an enjoyable time with you. I did extensive research, and was impressed that you received high marks from AAA, Travel & Leisure, as well as American Express. With all this in mind, I chose to book our honeymoon in the Preferred Club section of your resort. As part of my booking, I received your Exclusive Honeymoon Package, including spa credits, dinner on the beach, breakfast in bed, etc. After our wedding, my wife and I were looking forward to some relaxation. Let me begin with the things that we enjoyed about our vacation. The cuisine at your Mexican restaurant was quite enjoyable, as was the overall appearance of the property. The entertainment staff was exceptional in their enthusiasm for getting guests involved, as well as in remembering everyone's name. The bar staff and pool wait staff were very attentive, and very friendly as well. However, this may be about the extent of the good things that we have to say about our stay. Here is a list of the things with which we were not overly happy: The air conditioning in our room was sorely lacking. The coolest we were able to get the room was 73 degrees, which was quite warm. However, the lack of AC also means that we were unable to remove some of the humidity in the room, making it very uncomfortable for us. When I spoke with Roger, our concierge, about this, he stated that the property tries to be green, and asked if another fan would be acceptable. I asked him if we could just adjust the AC, and he pushed back again. After a brief conversation, he agreed to send the maintenance team to the room to work on the AC. Even after this apparent "fix", we were unable to cool the room to our desired temperature making it quite unpleasant for most of our stay. I decided not to pursue the issue further as it had been difficult enough to get it looked at in the first place. The drain in the shower needed to be fixed as well as it was not working properly. This was fixed promptly, and was right the first time. While I understand that Mexico is a tropical environment and that the property is in the middle of the jungle, the number of mosquitoes was overwhelming. Simple treatment of the areas of the property where they were breeding after the hurricane could have prevented this. My wife and I have no fewer that 20 bites each. The location of our room was close to the wedding gazebo. While I can understand that each guest is entitled to celebrate in their own way, it would have been nice to be notified that we were close to this feature of your property and might be subject to loud music late into the night when there was an event at the gazebo. Had we known that, we might have asked to change rooms to avoid the noise. As the week wore on, we had an increase in ants in the bathroom of our room. With all the other issues we had this week, we were too exhausted to even call anyone to complain. The amenities offered by the Premier Club were not worth the additional monies spent on the room. If I had to book again, I would not choose this level of service from your property. Essentially, the only thing we received that was beyond what regular guests received was free internet access in our room. There are other locations on the property that have free access, so we could have simply walked to one of these and used the internet there. The Premier Club was on the other side of the property from our room, and other than the appetizers in the evening, did not offer anything we could not get anywhere else. My wife and I were looking forward to eating at the various restaurants on the property, and had read great reviews about the food. With only one or two notable exceptions, the food we had was average at best, and quite terrible at worst. El Patio was the one standout upon which we both agreed. The food there was excellent, but that was the exception rather than the rule. I came to your property to relax and celebrate my honeymoon. On our first full day, we received a call from the Premier Club letting us know that we had a "free gift" waiting for us. Thinking that we might have overlooked something, we eagerly went to see what it was all about. We wound up getting roped into your sales presentation for the Ultimate Vacation Club. This was quite displeasing to both of us. Not expecting this AT ALL, we were upset when it was presented to us in the first place. I came for a vacation, not a sales pitch. Looking back on it now, this was flat out unacceptable behavior on your part. If I wanted a sales pitch, I would have reached out to you. After realizing what we had been conned into, we hoped that we could squeeze out of it in an hour. Not to be had. We lost two and a half hours out of our day listening to the very high pressure sales team. As if this was not enough, my wife and I spent over half of our honeymoon in our room because we fell quite ill from some of the cuisine served at Bordeaux. Now, I will freely admit that we accept the responsibility of what we ordered that evening, but we assumed that the food would be excellent based on the ratings from AAA and Travel & Leisure. We have already discussed the mediocrity of your food, but this was beyond unacceptable. At first, I thought we had contracted Norovirus, and we decided to treat it ourselves so we were not quarantined by your medical staff. That thought alone infuriated me that your staff failed to maintain a sanitary operation. However, after the third day of being ill, we quickly determined that we would have been better by that point, so we began looking for other possibilities. After significant research and consultation with our family physicians in the US, we are fairly positive that we contracted E. Coli infections from the steak tartar at Bordeaux. As I mentioned, we accept full responsibility for the risk we took with raw meats, but there is also culpability on your part for serving infected food to your guests. Ultimately, we missed out on three and a half days of our vacation because we were so ill. The staff was nice enough to provide us with additional water and Gatorade to keep us hydrated, but we were still miserable for most of the rest of our stay. Needless to say, our honeymoon was pretty much ruined. One of the worst weeks of my life, when it should have been one of the best. In my opinion, you do not deserve any of the accolades that you have received. We would have had a better time staying home and saving the money we spent. Under the circumstances, there is no possibility that I will ever stay at one of your resorts again, nor will I ever refer anyone to you. I will strongly urge them to consider other resorts, and avoid yours completely.