This is my very first review ever on any resort. My husband and I splurged on this vacation and expected great service. I must say that the restaurants and food were great but we got turned off very quickly as soon as we checked in. They have a sit down area for guests as they arrive-we thought that was amazing instead of standing online. But there was a BIG reason why. After checking in they have you sit at another table where someone else tries to offer you coupons for the spa. But in order to receive your coupons you must sit through a 90 minute session which they insisted was not a TIMESHARE. Such a big LIE. We swore off timeshare meetings years before and would never do it but they insisted that it was not a timeshare pitch. We did not want to waste our time but they made us feel bad. They said that if we just sat through it that the guy giving us coupons will get his commission and at anytime we could walk out of the session and receive our coupons. So we agreed. Bad idea. We traveled a long distance to get to this hotel and all we wanted to do was start our vacation. Instead we were pulled into this sales pitch to buy a timeshare on their resorts based on the first day that we are there. INSANE. We did not even see the beach or eaten the food as yet. After 2, almost 3 hours of refusing and after the third person coming in to get us to surrender and buy, they finally gave up on us and gave us our promised coupons. This is the funny part. They said the coupons could be used for a romantic dinner on the beach. It drizzled on the night we set it up for. NO ONE told us it was canceled until we got to the beach on our anniversary night and no one was there. It was then setup for another night. SAME THING. So the last night that it was set up for, it was canceled again with no one informing us of the cancellation. This was our last night at the hotel so we lost our $150 USD coupon for dinner and they refused to put it towards something else. We basically got hassled for doing the timeshare pitch for nothing...VERY SAD. After asking the woman giving the sales pitch if she would sit through a timeshare pitch on her first day at a hotel she barely experienced, she actually said " not a chance" That's when I almost lost it, I couldn't believe that's what she said. I just wanted out of there. Another thing is, daytime there is NO MUSIC, NO BANDS-VERY QUIET and boring. Yes I understand that there are quiet areas but it was just way too quiet and A LOT of couples complained about the same thing. AT NIGHT the "disco" had no air conditioning so after dancing for a few minutes you are forced to leave and head to your room. It was so hot. The rest of the grounds at night is dark and barely lit up on even the paths to your room. By far my husband and I are really easy going and easy to please and travel about 5 times a year. Never did we ever experience such harassment at a resort. There are great reviews about this beach also and indeed very beautiful but I agree with other reviews. There are not enough umbrellas at the beach and the chairs at the pool gets taken up quickly. Since there are NO limit to the amount of towels that you can have--we never knew if the towels left on the chairs were occupied or if the couple was gone for the day. There were towels on chairs with no one on them for hours. Also, We came back about a week ago and my stomach is only now getting better. My husband and I got sick on the last 2 days there and not sure if it was the food or drinks. Be careful and walk with lots of imodium! Last but not least, There is a HUGE HUGE problem with mosquitoes there. There is a forest of plants and trees everywhere on the resort. Make certain to walk with lots of bug spray. The staff has mosquito wipes on them at ALL TIMES just for this problem. I've nbever seen anything like it before. The type of mosquitoes are huge and black. I have bites all over my body and almost everyone had gross bites all over their bodies. As far as i'm concerned I wish I knew these things before I traveled to this resort. Very pretty but that is about it. From the airport, there is a mile long sand\dirt road into the resort that was so bumpy and made everyone in the van annoyed. We were almost embarrassed to admit it was our hotel stop. I Wish they would spend some money and pave the roads... Good luck everyone and remember I picked this hotel based only on their GOOD reviews not their bad reviews. BAD IDEA because the bad ones would've changed my mind, they were and are very accurate.