Last year, my husband and I got engaged at the resort so we decided to book an anniversary trip back to this property since we loved it so much. Upon arrival, we were greeted at the Preferred Club and were told of a loyalty club for returning guests. We were told explicity this was NOT A TIMESHARE presentation and this would last approximately 90 minutes. The entire resort was crawling with timeshare visitors and sales agents turning our vacation into an annyoing week long sales pitch. To my dismay, our interaction with the sales team lasted over 4hours and ended up being a timeshare vacation pitch. Not only were we not informed of the true nature of the deal until halfway through, but when we did agree to the terms and funding, the original deal changed at the last minute when it came time to putting pen to paper. We were presented with 3 options  Silver, Gold and Platinum. Only when we were presented with paperwork, did we through discovery find out that the terms had changed from our original conversations. Over the course of the sales presentation, we were forced to deal with over 10 different sales individuals who passed the buck onto the next sales manager or said attorney. That was not the intent of our return vacation. Not only were we will to partner with AMR and Apple Vacations to support their ongoing expansion, we were willing to fund 100% in cash that day. What we were asking for was not out of the norm. Anytime we have entered into a new legally binding business agreement, we have been given the right to review the contract before making payment. The only items we were allowed to review were scribbled notepads or old pieces of marketing collateral that the sales team said were outdated when we pointed out that they didnt match up to what they were promising us verbally earlier in the sales presentation. A bait and switch approach is clearly unacceptable when long term contracts are involved. This was an extremely disappointing way to begin our vacation at this property. After our return home, I wrote a letter to both AMR and Apple vacations. Over 6 weeks has lapsed, and to date, we have had zero response. How is that for customer service for their loyal patrons?