I would like to emphasize that overall, my honeymoon at Secrets Maroma would have been quite nice if not by the horrible, rude, condescending, and deceiving front desk service (if you can even use that word). We arrived at Secrets Maroma the day after our wedding and were exhausted by the trip. Everything began pleasantly enough when we initially checked in and the person at the front desk made a point of confirming that our reservation was for a king bed for 5 nights. My husband and I had wanted to splurge a bit and we had made our reservation for a king suite with a full ocean view. We confirmed this and signed the sheet and had our bags sent to our room. Imagine our surprise when we walked all the way to our room and discovered a "happy birthday" banner instead of a "honeymooners" banner and two twin beds. Sure that there had been a mistake with the key and room, we made our way back to the front desk where the person who helped us had suddenly disappeared. Instead we asked someone else about switching to king bed room and they informed us that the only room available with a king bed was above the disco where music would be played until 1 am. She then stated that that was all that was available and implied it was either we take the room above the disco or have the room with the twin beds. We tried to state that it was our honeymoon and neither option would be acceptable and asked to speak to the manager. Immediately the manager who worked with us was defensive and blamed us for not letting them know it was our honeymoon. We tried to state that no where on their website does it not say that you are not guaranteed a king bed with your room - after all, it bills itself as a destination for romantic getways. We then stated that we found it unacceptable that the only rooms available to us were either above a disco or with twin beds. From pure frustration, I started tearing up and my husband demanded that we had to find a solution. The manager then refused to work with us (using his exact words) until we calmed down and that our behavior was unacceptable for him to work with. During this whole time, I had tears streaming down my face and my husband had to ask for tissues before the manager even reached in his desk to hand me a tissue box. Desperate for anything, I asked if he was sure that there was NO king bed in the ENTIRE hotel. He then said, yes there were other king beds but none with a full ocean view. This whole time he had been fighting with us, we could have had other solutions. We then told him that we didn't care about the full ocean view, we just wanted a king bed. He then impatiently sighed and then told us he would do us a favor out of the goodness of his heart (his exact words), that he could put us in a second floor room of the preferred club - but no benefits of course - that had a king bed. I want to emphasize that we had paid extra for full ocean view compared to a partial ocean view, and the room we took was in the preferred club with no ocean view. It would have been only about a minimal difference to upgrade us for the preferred club but he refused to acknowledge any inconvenience to us and instead said he had performed us a great service by "finding" a king bed for us. This whole experience from the front desk marred the trip for us. I would like to emphasize that the service from the other staff at the hotel was impeccable. We thought ALL of the staff on the grounds, pools, restaurants were wonderful. We wanted to play tennis one day after a rain storm and my husband and I were cleaning the water off the quarts when two grounds crew member immediately helping us. They just emphasized their commitment to service. The food was pretty decent but not really anything special. The restaurants are inconsistent - some are definitely better than others. The alcohol was plentiful and the bartenders are friendly. I think it's more a mark of management but the resort never really feels like they are committed to being an all inclusive resort. They give you coupons but so many restrictions on the use of them that you end up spending 3x what you intended to spend. Also, at all times at restaurants, you are presented with options that are available only if you would like to "upgrade". I would also suggest you skip the "gift" shop as it is an utter and total ripoff. The exchange rate was suddenly 1 usd = 12 pesos when it should have been 1 usd = 14 pesos. Overall, our experience was pleasant enough but nothing to gush about, even ignoring the check in experience. I would NOT recommend this resort as I am certain that you would have a much better experience at any other resort.