We're in our 60s and last year was our first in an all-inclusive -- Iberostar Grand Paraiso south of this hotel. It was very good, but our concerns were that it was far from the airport; the beach was okay, but swimming was not good because of currents and rocks; and golf was free, but not great. Maroma had a beautiful beach and good swimming (have never understood folks who travel a long way to a beach resort and then spend their time at a pool). It was closer to the Cancun airport, and included free golf at Mayacoba/Cameleon (site of a PGA tour event). So Maroma ought to have been terrific. Our room had a lovely view, and was quiet (as we requested) except for the room doors which were extremely heavy metal that when not closed carefully sounded like cannon shots (especially around 2:00 a.m.) For five days we complained, but were unable to get hot water in the morning or evening. We had an indoor jacuzzi, but managed about six inches of hot water one time and it was rusty (I hope that's what it was). The bathroom was separated from the bedroom/living area by a thin gauze curtain -- more intimacy than we needed. The TV was only watchable by lying in bed, because you couldn't see it from the sitting area. As is often the case in good hotels, the mattress was very thick (and comfortable), but the bottom sheet was no where near big enough and couldn't be effectively tucked in. The terrace was nice, but the tub was unusable without hot water or sufficient water pressure. We paid extra for the Preferred Club which definitely was not worth it. The special check in wasn't, and the advertised Premium beverages were only available in a special bar. We could only get a pony (airline size bottles) each of scotch, vodka and rum in our room -- no gin and tonic, no martini. The a la carte restaurants were mediocre at best, again with limited beverages except at additional cost. Lighting was poor in both the rooms (hard to read) and particularly in the restaurants where the waiters had to carry flashlights. The "free" golf cost $254 a round by the time we paid for taxi, club rentals and and cart. There was a dress code, supposedly, but it wasn't enforced -- flip flops, T-shirts and bathing suits were common in the restaurants. There were also vendors permitted along the resorts private walkways. Maroma probably doesn't deserve a "poor" rating, but it was short of what we had been led to expect. All in all, it was not remotely in the class of a Four Seasons or Fairmont, as it seems to be trying position itself.