My husband and I are in our mid 20s and have been going to a Secrets resort every year since 2004. Past experiences with this chain have been nothing but the best! We 1st went to the Secrets Excellence in Punta Cana and have been to Capri twice. Until this trip we could not imagine going to any other all inclusive. CHECK IN- fast and easy, upgraded from a partial ocean view room to an ocean view. We stayed 7 days. FOOD- we liked all the restaurants except the Oceana was horrible but other guests we talked to all agreed it was their least favorite too. Our favorite places were the Himitsu and the Italian. ROOM- beautifully decorated, not much bathroom privacy, room service plates stayed in the little cubbie for days unless we called them to pick up, we were there for 3 days before our room was cleaned and we had to make a lot of phone calls to get that done, never had nightly turn down service or had our minibar fridge restocked. The AIR CONDITONER was our biggest problem with the room. It never got colder than 75 deg no matter how low you set it on, they sent maintenance men 4 different times but it was never fixed. My husband talked to our concierge, the front desk managers, we kept getting the run around telling us it would be fixed that afternoon, and then we'd return to a still hot, muggy room. Finally, on the 5th day Raphael, the rooms manager spoke with us. At first he offered us a free massage but after hot, sleepless nights and being jerked around by everyone that didn't seem to make things better, so he gave us 2 free nights on a return visit (although we doubt we want to return, even for free) and moved us to another room. SPA- gorgeous, the massages were relaxing....however, we were outside in the spa hot tub and guess what floated by? POOP, yes poop!! I cannot believe that an adult would do this, it's not like there were kids around. Needless to say that kind of ruined our image of the spa. We did report it and they seemed very apologetic and they said it would be taken care of. BEACH/POOL- as everyone else has said, if you don't get out there and save a chair by the pool at the crack of dawn, you'll be sitting on the beach all day. The beach was pretty, not one of "the world's best" in our opinion, but the water was nice and the sand was white and soft. The entire time we were there we had an issue with towels being available. Every time we went to grab them they were out and we were told to wait and return in 10min. DRINKS- we are big clear tequila drinkers. Apparently they have cut back on their selections. In the past they have had clear Don Julio, Patron, etc... This time, the only clear tequila available offered is 1800. If you want premium liquor in your drinks you must ask for it, otherwise you get the cheap stuff. Good service at all of the bars except in the evening the lobby bar gets pretty packed and it may take awhile. Samuel, a lobby bartender and also in the Preferred club is awesome!! He used to be at Capri and remembered us from our visits there. GROUNDS- still growing but you can tell it will be very nice once it has all grown in. The mosquitoes are a problem. They provide an organic bug spray in the room but we brought our own with DEET and still got bit after applying. Apparently the resort is on a huge swamp so I really doubt the mosquito problem will ever be under control. TIPS- not expected but certainly appreciated. Most of the servers work really hard to give you fast and pleasant service. Did you know that the minimum wage in Mexico is 10$....a day! IN CONCLUSION- I know I probably sound like a huge complainer, but after all of the exceptional, problem free vacations we have had in the past to Secrets, we were sorely disappointed! Hopefully as they are open longer they can work out all the kinks. When we do another all inclusive next year, we will, for the 1st time, probably go with a different chain.