Well lets just say the hotel is beautiful and the rooms fantastic... Beach-Amazing...Food- The Best, as you would expect from a Secrets resort...now the bad The ride in...The road is dirt/single lane for the most part...full of pot holes which make for a 10-15min ride in or out from the highway...which is bad if you like going on excursions. It was almost washed out when we drove in and you could see the pools of mosquito larva just waiting to get you when the grow up. The check in- as others posted the "free" room upgrade is a ploy..everyone gets it and it's the same room you booked originally...I didn't know this at first and tipped the guy...bad choice. Thee hotel itself is amazing...the best quality of rooms/room service 24hrs/ great food at all restaurants/ fit and finish etc.... Activities - Good assortment, lots of fun Bars- Great selection of drinks...BAD service..many times me and the people we met at the resort had to wait around for 2-3 minutes for a drink order while the guys ignored us and fooled around (basically making fun of the guests in spanish) The best is when they take your order and simply walk away...never to get you that drink...So you wait till another waiter comes by and gets one for you...this happend a LOT and to many people other than us...kinda funny actually ...from a 5star?? As well there is a lot of premium drinks available if you ask for it..they hide the good stuff and make it seem like a bother if you want it. And if you want to enjoy "Real Premium" booze like the web site states?? well guess what, the "all inclusive" becomes all- expensive $33 a shot for Blue label etc.... Room service- great food! gooddelivery time, but it did take a while for them to come by and clean up the old plates...one time we had the old food and dirty plates in the drop slot for 24hrs! Other people at the resort had great experiences from what we heard...our experience got worse and worse as time went on and the bad experiences compounded as the week went on... Waiting in my room for hrs on end for people to show up (hotel staff bringing me a bottle of scotch I had ordered) I soon realized I was on Mexico time and there was no point wasting my vacation...so I left to join my wife at the pool. We spent most of the day there and I had left my phone on the desk to charge up. I figured the room service would be left in the small dop off next to the door. They came in and set up the scotch on the table with some glasses and ice..which was a nice treat. I then went to my phone to see if there were any messages and noticed my home screen was different then I had left it 6 hrs ago. I then realized quickly what had happend. I quickly checked the memory card slot and realized that it was gone. The person who dropped of the scotch or the person who did the turn down service had STOLEN the card with an assortment of pics and videos of my children, music, etc.... I was obviously PISSED. My wife also noticed a film of vasaline on the safe keypad...which we could only assume wass left by the thief as well, in an attempt to gain access to our safe. I then called down and reported it. There was a "full investigation" where the security manager stated that he asked both parties who entered the room if they had saw the memory card...to which they both replied....they didn't see anything...and I guess in mexico that is the end of the investigation!! Great! (I'm a cop so this also angered me a bit) I found all of this out 4 days later after 2 missed appointments (at 8am each time- to which I requested a wake up call for, the wake up call came 20 minutes after 8 while I was eating my breakfast lol) with security managers where again I waited in vain in my room for hours,getting more and more angry as I wasted my days to try and resolve a problem that should never of happend at a resort like this...that is why we pay so much for these types of resorts right?? (On a side note the phone which I called down to the main desk many times to find out how long I would be continuing to wait, was horrible and also angered me only because of the amount of time I spent on it) So when I asked the hotel what they would do for me to reimburse me for my loss, they offered me $25 in hotel credit....I was again PISSED! They finally gave me $50 in credit after trying to stall till we left the resort...that's basically how the management works here...they know if they wait long enough...you have to leave...and they have to do nothing, which they do, a lot! So I took the $50 basically because I didn't want to ruin the last day of my trip and because the stress of all of this was putting a damper on my wife too...so she basically told me to forget it and take the $50...We did and tried to enjoy the last day. My wife bought a bathing suit at the resort shop. We were told by the concierge that the credit would be on our account when we checked out and would be applied to any charges we sent to the room. NOT the case..at check out we were informed that no paperwork had been sent to the front desk and that we were supposed to pay for the suit in full. again PIIISSSED! After 30 minutes of trying AGAIN to delay us to the point where we would just cave in and pay for it or miss our flight.. I finally cracked and the COP in my came out....needless to say I did NOT pay for the $50 credit they owed me...and we did make our flight... (by the way the wake up call that morning again was late and thankfully I had set my alarm just as a back up) All in all..we had a horrible time with service and management especially. They need a totally new management in my opinion. They should have a tighter grip on the staff there. Would I recommend it? Not really..not until the managent fixes themselves and some of the service problems. But...others we were there with did not have such problems...so who knows...try it out...but beware.