Great food beautiful roomand that is where it ends and the problems start. My perspective. I am a very athletic 36 year old male. I was looking for a beach resort with some shopping, and lots of beach activities including scuba and snorkeling. My view is probably affected by the weather during my stay, which was pretty much non-stop rain and overcast skys. This is an issue with the location, not the resort. I speak fluent Spanish, so the issues with the resort could not really be blamed on a language barrier. We had high hopes, since we received an awesome welcome, champagne in our room, flowers. That night we came back to our room to find artistic displays made with rose petals on the floor, on the bed, and even in a ready for us bubble bath in our in room Jacuzzi. It was truly impressive, almost overwhelmingly flattering. We were extremely appreciative. Unfortunatelythings went downhill from there. Expect a lot of mosquitoes. With repellant we still received a dozen or so bites per day. The resort is basically on a mangrove swamp, where it meets the beach. You MUST kill the mosquitoes in your room before going to bed. Otherwise, each and everyone one of them will leave their mark on you during the night. Weather, we were told was very unusually bad. It rained every day, several times a day. It varied from warm to cold during the day. It was rarely, if ever, sunny. It is literally a min 20 minute trip each way to and from the main road to the resort. Why? Because the road is a dirt road full of pot holes, which is difficult to navigate. Cars need to pull over constantly to let each other through, as often only one car can pass at a time. The other hotels are all paved roads. As our week got further along, the road conditions got worse. We saw an SUV stuck in a ditch on the side of the road. The road was turned into a one way road, alternating every 15 or so minutes. So only one direction of travel at a time was allowed. Change that time to 30-40 or more minutes to get from or two the road from the resort. Compare to a couple of minutes for the other paved entry way resorts. We were told this road condition was due to government regulations against paving in this protected area. You will feel nauseas by the time you finish your drive through this road. We all did. The driver jokingly referred to it as the Mexican massage. The road sucked for us, but was horrible for the poor staff, taxis, and shuttle drivers. Unlike my previous resort experience in Negril, there are next to no water activities. If you want to scuba or snorkel you are looking at a whopping $120 for the trip, and spending the majority of the day getting to and from the location. This is a total waste of time if you are paying to be at the resort. Activities, such as a boat trip to a reef from the beach itself would help. But according to what I was told, the hotel would not allow it. So..if you want to spend $120 for an excursion and suck up most of your day, otherwise dont bother. There is only 1, yes one, heated pool. The majority of the advertised pools are either the small pools in front of the swim up rooms, or decorative pools which are about  foot deep. The Jacuzzi pools are according to the staff, not supposed to be heated. We had a cold surprise. The swim up room pools are way to cold to use. The one heated pool closes at 6. Yes, 6 pm. The swim up bar, while it is open, is quite nice. Room service is horrible. The food was always cold and took a good hour to get to us. The food itself was extremely good, and a decent selection. The service itself. Maid service/mini bar refilling it took several walks to the front desk, phone calls, and finally help from the concierge to get some basic things such as the mini bar refilled, the dvd remote, a laundry bag with order for, a bottle opener for the mini bar. Pretty much most of this was resolved after half our vacation was over. Please keep in mind I speak Spanish fluently and tried in Spanish and English asking for these things various times daily. The new flat screen tvs are great. Like a ferarri, driving on sand. Because the signal going into them is through an archiatic coaxil cable, and your pay per view movies, along with tv shows will look like a poorly dubbed vhs porno tape. I spent a long time explaining to several people there the different connection protocols and basics of hooking up an HDTV. End result is your t.v. will look like an old warn out t.v. at a motel 6. We hade random lights turning off and on. Our alarm clock gets reset to 12:00 every few hours, making it useless. Eventually we were moved to a new room do to electrical and other problems with the first room. Just like in the first room, I had to hook up the DVD player which wasnt hooked up correctly to the tv. The two audio jacks were hooked up, one to the audio channel, and the other to a random port that was spitting out a video signal. So basically you got sound out one side, and static hiss from the other. Heaven help you if you need to have clothes washed. By the end of the trip do to the constant rain and humidity, we have no dry clothes. They provide a laundry service, if you want to pay $5 per shirt, or pants. Spa Credit is a scam. $20, $40, $40 not $100 as we were told. And you can only use one at a time. So really, it is $20 or $40 off of a $130 50 minute massage, which is more expensive then at a ritzy spa here in Newport Beach, CA. If you go into Play de Carmen instead, the price drops down to about $35 for the same. The fitness room is hardly state of the art as they advertise. It is adequate, and comparable to an apartment building gym room. 3 or 4 aerobics machines, and 4 or 5 strength machines. There is a rack of dumbbells going up to 50 pounds. Adequate for average people. The dive shop is not. It is a booth that hands out towels, and sells offsite diving trips. If you are into diving, look into a hotel in Cozumel, as most of the trips require you to a) get to Cozumel, then take a dive boat from there. The internet access in the rooms was out of service. So even if you wanted to pay the extra for it, it wasnt available. The internet caf type room they had with 3 or 4 computers was quite adequate and never much of a wait. Also wireless is available in the main lobby. All inclusive does not include tips. In most cases it isnt required but expect to see tip jars at the bars. Tips are openly excepted. On the positive side: The food at the restaurants was very good, especially the Italian restaurant. The French restaurant was horrible. Do not ask for anything outside the normal flow or dinner, as far as changes or substitutions. I asked for a desert instead of an appetizer. The waiter basically completely blew me off. Shoot me for being different here?  The onsite night club is, by Newport Beach or LA standards excellent.  The theater had some excellent entertainment including.  Expect good service from the bartenders and restaurant staff.