We chose to go to secrets maroma for our honeymoon. I was a little skeptical being that it was a new resort and had been opened for only a month. I had read some of the reviews before we left so I kind of knew what to expect. When we arrived to the resort I had a great impression. We were brought out the cold cloth and a glass of champange and the staff said "welcome home". The bell boy took our luggage to the room and that was all great. On the way to the room we were walking by other rooms that had a sign on their door that said "honeymooners". I was very excited to see our room. I was very dissapointed when we got to our door and there was no sign. We talked to our conceirge at least three times before we even got the sign on our door. Then we had to keep asking for the fruit basket and champange that was suppose to be included if its your honeymoon. One night the general manager eric came up to me and asked how things were going, and I informed him of the things we did not receive for our honeymoon, he said he would take care of it. He did not do anything. We kept asking when we would receive the rose pedals and candles in the room, they kept saying it was coming. Well it was our last night there, and nothing. I was so dissapointed, you only get one honeymoon, and I feel in that aspect they should have taken care of us. The real kicker is at the pool one of the guys was talking about how he got to his room one night and he had his bath drawn with candles and rose pedals all over the room, and champange and the fruit basket. He was there with his girlfriend so he thought it was just great. Here we are on our honeymoon and had to beg for things and couldn't even get therm. It really took the excitement out having to ask for everything. The restaraunts were all very good. Not all of them are open every night. The world cafe was wonderful for breakfast, they have a great selection in their buffet. I can't complain about the food, it was all very good, and the service at the restaraunts was wonderful. The pools were wonderful. I do agree with the other reviews, you have to get there early in order to get a spot with an umbrella. The beach is absolutely amazing. The sand is so soft and white and the water is beautiful turqoise. The servers that work the pool area are wonderful!! They work really hard to make sure that everyone has what they need. Balbena you are AWESOME!!!! The entertainment was great. They had a night where they had american idol, and I thought that was very fun. They also had a fire show that was awesome. Music on the beach was probably my favorite night. I was kind of bummed that they never had the movie on the beach. Other than that I thought the place was pretty nice. It will be nicer when the trees and everything grow in and they get the main road to the entrance and stuff done. The road is pretty scary, one lane and lots of bumps!! Careful with how you get back to the airport. We got picked up at 4 am for a flight at 7:25. We didn't know we were picking up a bunch of people from other resorts. We were in the van for 2 hours. By the time we got to the airport, the line was so long and we almost missed our flight. Saul who is part of the entertainment team is awesome!! He makes you feel right at home:) Like I said before I was real bummed about the service for our honeymoon. They really need to work on that. If they say they are going to do something, then I think they need to follow through. It even says that on their website, if its your honeymoon you are suppose to get the drawn bath with rose pedals and candles, champagne and fruit basket, and breakfast in bed which we did not get either. That seems like some false advertisement to me.