My husband and I arrived at the resort around noon on Tues, Aug. 26, and went to the reservation desk. We were nervous after reading all of the posts regarding the Preferred Club suites, we knew they weren't finished, so we wanted to make sure we were given a Jr. Swim up suite-which we were. However, we were told that check in was 3pm, and we could check back around 2:30 and it should be ready. So we went to the Seaside Grill and had some lunch. The food there was good, started us off with chips and guacamole and salsa-I had the chicken tacos and my husband had the fajitas-they were ok. So at 2:30 we went to the lobby and the room was not ready and Hector told us to come back at 3, so we just waited in the lobby (along with MANY other couples waiting for their rooms) and had some coctails. At 3:00 the room was still not ready-so Hector told us that because of our wait he would give us 15% off of any spa treatment and a bottle of champagne (which should've been included anyway considering the preferred club wasn't finished that we paid extra for) Anyway, whatever-we just wanted to get into our room! So at 4pm-we went to our room and when we got there housekeeping was STILL in there...they left shortly after we walked in. We were very pleased with the room once we got in, however there was no curtain hanging to divide the bathroom and the bedroom-even though it's sheer-it gives a little privacy if it's there...Make sure to request those floatie rafts for the swim up rooms if you plan to lay out-they will bring them to your room-I actually used one when there was none left at the big pool. The big pool gets crowded fast and the floaties are taken by I'd say 10am. And so are most of the chairs with umbrellas around the pools. I really enjoyed the Italian restaurant, we went there twice-Ramone was our waiter and he was VERY nice-we requested him the second time but he was inside and we ate on the patio. I recommend that you eat around 7pm-we did and it felt like our own private patio-no one eats that early there. The french restaurant was ok, the filet mignon was great (without the bleu cheese on top-not a fan!) The mexican restaurant was good-and the World Cafe was great for breakfast-we didn't eat lunch there. The beach is beautiful-very soft sand and warm water. It does get really windy at night after sunset. We got up a few mornings at sunrise which I strongly suggest at least once-it's breathtaking! There are some stray dogs that we became friends with-theres a blondish colored dog and her 2 puppies and a black dog with 3, we took them some breakfast the mornings we would see them-they're timid-so don't worry, if you're not a dog person-they won't bother you unless you call them or offer snacks. I suggest if you haven't-going to Playa Del Carmen, they have great shops and great restaurants and entertainment. We are for sure staying there next trip in Feb. There's MUCH more to see and do. They have a ferry that takes you to Cozumel and I think it's only $11 one way. We left SMB on a BAD note, we got our bill to check out, and our phone charges were almost $200. We had to call the U.S. because we had no cellphone svc. and we have 2 kids. We have an AT&T calling card that is an 800# and were told by the operator that to connect the call it would be a $4.00 connection fee. Well, it was that AND $5 per minute to call home USING THE CALLING CARD! We were furious-my husband spoke with the woman at the check out desk and voiced his disappointment to say the least-they weren't willing to help out at all until HECTOR came and said they could take 25% off the phone charges. Considering all of the amentities we missed out on included in the Preferred Club-they should've done more. So remember DON'T USE THE PHONE unless you absolutely have to.