Positive: - Central location from where it is easy to orientate and walk everywhere. - The luggage porter was the only staff person who presented you a welcoming feeling, was friendly and helpful. - Massaging bath tube: comfortable after a days walking but terribly noisy. Negative: - Attention/hospitaity to the guest: I had my 50th birthday anniversary and told it to them in advance, asking for advise for concerts/tours/etc. whatever to do in the evenings. But they couldnt care less. Nobody even congratulated me: no the reception guy who handled my pre-booking and took my passport (with this date), not his colleague giving my passport back the next day. Usually hotels all over the world congatulate somehow even if it an annual, regular birthday. - Service attitude: What service? - Information: They dont know anything what happens in the city, no information/brochures/advise on any cultural events, juts "go and seek it yourself from the (terribly slow and clumsy) internet". The only brochure they had was last years brochure of one (1) tour organiser with very limited alternatives. . - Room (single): Smallest ever, dark shades. In the hotel brochure their marketing sentence "in EVERY room there is a splendid view over the rooftops" is a lie: the only "window" opened to an ugly tiny backyard from where you could not see it it is a day or a night. When I told the reception that their comment is untrue they just shaked their shoulders, tobacco smoke came in from somewhere. - Internet: Not available in public area, only in the rooms where you could pay extra trying to use the internet via TV, terribly slow and clumsy mouse, view oversized for the picture so you had to move the arrowas back and forth all the time to see the whole page. - Facilities: The first room they had reserved for me was still uncleaned 7 p, when you arrived so you had to change room. The internet keyboard batteries where old and didnt work. The batroom light was blinking. - Breakfast: Stuff enough but the tiny and noisy location in the cellar level was not an appealing start for the day, so consider booking breakfast to your room (that was free, a plus). - Price value: So much for next to nothing, they just storage the customers for the nighttime and it is not their headache if you enjoy your trip with maximum potential and have interesting time.