Nice villa, but will stay elsewhere next time We (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed at Gending Kedis for 3 nights in September. It was our first stay in a Villa - usually we stay in a hotel. This, we realised, has its pluses and minuses. The pluses include privacy and lots of space (probably too much as we had the 3 bed villa), as well as having your own swimming pool which was great. The minuses are the lack of activities nearby (we hired a travel guide for 2 of the days which was great) and access to the beach was limited.In terms of the accommodation, the villa was extremely spacious but the layout was not suitable for 1 family. 2 of the bedrooms were downstairs, far away from the main bedroom. We couldnt put the kids there (they are only 5 years and 2 years old) so we all ended up in the same room. The 3 beds were a waste. If we were to go back again we would only go for the 1 bed. The quality of the furniture was good (nice sofas and TV) and the bathroom was simply amazing.The staff were generally good (they were excellent with the kids), but the cleaners kept expecting a tip which made us feel quite uncomfortable - they'd smile at us before cleaning the room and be very friendly, but then once they'd finish they would just stand at the door waiting for a tip. Overall, we left the villa with a feeling that this was a good holiday although hotel accommodation would probably be our choice next time. The one thing that really disappointed me though, was that on the way to the airport, I received a phone call saying that I hadnt paid for a Sprite that we drank from the minibar - I was adamant that I had paid for everything, as the bill was presented to me just 15 minutes previously. The lady said she would check and call me back, which she did. 20 minutes later she called me again and said they forgot to put this charge on the bill and they would be charging my credit card with $2. I was extremely annoyed with this given I had spent $1400 for 3 nights and they were chasing me for an extra $2.Anyway, overall a good stay, but some aspects of the villa were a little disappointing. I would try elsewhere next time.