Pretty place...but only half-built My and my new husband spent 6 days at Gending Kedis for our honeymoon. It is a brand new complex in the hills behind the lovely Jimbaran Beach, but I must admit, I felt very let down by this place...We were initially placed in a villa next to an area of noisy construction, which, although consequently we were moved to another, larger villa, two days later, meant that for our first two mornings we were woken up very early due to the banging and construction work just next door. During the day in our larger villa, we were also able to hear the noise in the main area of construction quite clearly. This was a shame as one of the reasons we decided to stay at Gending Kedis is due to the peace and quiet as described in the website. But it was a shame it seemed quite the opposite.The other problem we had is that the villa complex itself is only half-built. This was an issue, because there was absolutely no mention of it on the website or in any of our email correspondence with the management. We may not have chosen to stay there if we had known. As this was our honeymoon, it was a once in a lifetime experience, that we are highly unlikely to repeat, and we would preferred to at least have known this was the case. I had also asked if there was a public swimming pool, but no-one got back to me on that (it was under construction). The person that did get back to me however, said the pools in the villas were 20sqm, which they weren't. Finally, I was under the impression that the spa was available to all guests (another reason for choosing Geding Kedis). We didn't realise we would have our treatments on the floor of our villa!Lastly, we were also not aware that there is no area on the beach available to sit and relax for Gending Kedis clientele. Instead we had to pay $40 per day to use sunbeds in another hotel...again, this is something we would definitely have preferred to avoid.It's such a shame, as the staff were lovely and helpful, and the villa we were moved to was massive and even more luxurious...but it felt like i hadn't been given the full information when I booked...we felt like we had been misled and will know in the future when booking somewhere to double check all these issues.