This is not the worst resort I've been to, but it's far from the best. Like many other reviewers, I found the food to be mediocre. Far away from upscale, let alone gourmet. The best thing about this resort (by a long way) is the beautiful beach. It was hard to enjoy, however, since the wind was awful for our entire 7 day stay. The Good: -Most of the service staff (bartenders and butlers) are friendly and work hard to serve. -Room service saved our stay. Service was timely. Food quality was generally better than the sit-down dinners. The (Almost) Good -Papitos restaurant (breakfast/lunch only) offers reasonable fare for buffet-style, though the variety is a bit slim. Lunch entree is different each day, but most everything else is the same. -Mio (Italian) restaurant has a couple of good dishes, but execution is spotty. -Pacing on the meals is about right. It feels a bit slow, but you're supposed to be relaxing, right? As noted in other reviews, drinks are often a bit slow at the restaurants. The Bad: -While wind can't be controlled, event planning and resort layout could dramatically reduce its impact. Apparently, this has not been considered. -The Kiyoko (Japanese) restaurant can be skipped altogether. The sushi and tepanyaki preparation was sub-par (go to any chain in the U.S. - you'll get better food). Everything else was either bad, or very odd in an unpleasant way. -Tipping the wait staff seems to be EXPECTED everywhere - not just for exceptional service. Be prepared with plenty of cash. -The Spa's services are very limited. If you want to be pampered, find another resort. -If you like to take baths, pay a lot of attention the room you pick. Many of them have showers only. The website is not clear about this, even when you know already know it. We had to triple check the descriptions before we figured out where this lack of a tub is indicated. The Ugly: -Constant pushing (hard-sell) of both the Membership Program, and Tour bookings. This got old quickly. We had to get almost belligerent before it stopped. -We had several maintenance issues with our room. On our arrival (Sunday), we found that our sliding door wouldn't lock - and being on the first floor, this trapped us in our room the first evening we were there. Despite both personal assurance from the staff, and 4 calls over several hours this did not get fixed until the next morning - 16 hours after we reported it. The Atrocious: -Candlelight dinner on the beach (extra $)...this was a painful experience. Imagine sitting in front of a sandblaster, trying to eat overcooked and tasteless food. Apparently the owners bring people in from other resorts to "enjoy" this experience. You could not have paid me enough to try again. Save your money. Other items to note: -All of the "nightlife" at the resort is at Rick's Bar. This is on the second floor of it's building, up two rather long and steep staircases. Anyone with mobility issues will have a difficult time of it, or have to skip Rick's altogether.