My husband and I just got back from our vacation from this so-called top rated resort for my 50th birthday. We were extremely disappointed with everything at the Resort. We were told that this was a 6 star resort. I have camped at better places than this! Here are a few of the shortcomings that we observed at this so-called resort:  Sewage odors from the nearby sewage plant were prevalent on many of the days.  Mosquitoes invade the resort at dusk. My husband and I returned covered with mosquito bites on our arms, legs, and torso. I cant even tell you how bad the bites are. I am talking hundreds!  Many service staff asked if we needed anything and then did not follow through. Some of the service staff were rude and asked us to sit down and wait. This is not top rated service.  A top-rated all-inclusive resort would include more than 2 cans of Tecate for in-room alcohol.  A top-rated resort would provide shuttles to the City more frequently than twice per week. Due to our Sunday arrival and departure we were only able to travel to Playa del Carmen on one day, Wednesday. Also, when all 8 riders in the shuttle requested to return to the resort at 4 pm rather than the scheduled 6 pm we were told to take a taxi. That is not top-rated service.  The resort facilities are not equal to the same level of current top-rated accommodations.  The food was of moderate quality, with limited menus. Yes, they state they have 24 hour room service. There are 4 items on the menu which include a hamburger and a hotdog.  We did not receive an ocean view; rather we had a view of dead bugs.  The rooms were smelly, moldy, had no dead bolts.  Construction on one side of the hotel was very loud.  The pools looked dirty. I could go on and on and on and on, but I think that you get the point. My husband and I have been to Mexico a handful of times and have never been mislead or disappointed. TRUST US if you want a wonderful vacation at a top 5-6 star resort DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED TIME OR MONEY HERE! This is a maybe 3 star resort wanting you to pay a 6 star price.