The El Dorado Maroma simply was not all that I thought it would be, and I think it is HIGHLY overrated. The setting: We were there on our honeymoon. We got married at the Moon Palace (wish we would have stayed) and then headed over to the Maroma for a week. We are 25 years old from the South, just to give you a demographic. (I find that in reviews a lot of people around the same age, from the same area, have similar tastes/expectations.) The Beach: The beach right in front of the hotel is tiny. Literally it is maybe 10-12 feet from where you sit to the water and just as wide as the hotel. Laying out in front of the hotel, If you look to your right, you'll what was once a pier, and beyond that underdeveloped beach that has logs/wood all over it. In other words, you can't walk down for any seclusion. To the left, you will see how the Marina sits right on top of the resort and has travel buses coming in all day long. The beach widens beautifully beyond the marina, and we tried to escape down there to get away from the main resort. It didn't take us long to move however, because this is where all the tour buses come in for the marina. They use it for atvs, horseback rides, etc. Personally I think this should be reserved for the people who are paying a lot of money to stay there. The Water: The water was not bad. It was comparable to the Moon Palace water. The Maroma does have large barriers about 100 yards out in the water to keep the beach from washing away (not much left to wash away though.) It's not very attractive, but not a huge deal to me really. The Rooms/Hotel: Inside, the rooms were really nice. The beds were comfortable. We had a 2nd floor w/ infinity pool balcony. We never even got in the pool. BEWARE that there are only a few rooms that overlook the ocean. Ours overlooked the restaurant, and the sun never even hit the pool. The grounds to the hotel are too small. If the Marina was not there, it would help this place sooooo much. Even though there are not many rooms, which is one of the biggest reasons I chose the Maroma, it still feels packed because there is just nowhere to go. This still place needs a lot of work. The Food: This was my first trip to Mexico and originally I did not use the quality of food to determine where I stayed; I did not think it would be a big deal. After spending a week with the Maroma's "gourmet cuisine," I learned my lesson. Overall, the food is not good. The Japanese place was not bad, the Italian place was terrible, and the Mexican place was ok. Never did I have a meal and say "wow, that was really good." And I am not a picky eater in any way, shape or form. The room service wasn't bad, and that is what we ended up eating the entire time. The only problem is there are only a handful of options, so it gets old if you stay very long. The Service: Well, this is Mexico. The chance of getting good service is a crap shoot. I couldn't get my bags carried up to my room, so I did it myself. We couldn't get ice. We couldn't get more drinks. Sometimes they would not even answer the phone down in the lobby. They made us change rooms because they screwed up the reservation. We left our champagne in the other room and later that day, once we realized it, we asked for another one. They wouldn't budge even though it was our honeymoon. We had MUCHO room reservation problems. They got them resolved, but it took about 2 days worth of us being on their *** about it. We really got a heavy run-around there. However there was one lady, Jaqueline, who worked very hard for us and we appreciated her. The Drinks/Bars: If you lay out on the beach, the lady will come by about once every 20 minutes. I kept having to get up and go to the bars. Sure, it is not a big inconvenience, but still it is irritating. Sometimes she would disappear for a couple of hours. Also, be advised that there is no bar in the whole place other than the pool bars. That is a big deal when you want to just go somewhere and sit and have some drinks. You basically have to sit in the pool to do this. You cannot even order drinks to the room, and there is no stocked bar. So where do you go to comfortably sit and have drinks??? Well, they do have a little patio with about 5 tables, but it was always full. Not nearly big enough for a hotel with 70+ rooms. We will add photos later. We have tons.