I booked this hotel a month in advance as my husband is here for travel for work and my two kids and I decided to tag along and make it a fun trip as well. After driving a good few hours from LA to the hotel, we were excited to check in as we are Hilton Honors members and often stay at the Hilton hotels when we travel. Well, never again! We unloaded our luggage and our two young kids and then at check in were informed by the front desk that they were sorry but there were NO rooms available! They did have confirmation that I had booked, but all they said was they were sorry but there was nothing they could do?!? I asked to speak to the front desk manager and was told the same thing and the reason she only gave me was that sometimes people refuse to leave when they are suppose to check out?! I was so upset as I had just received confirmation welcoming our arrival from Hilton San Diego Bay front a week ago. After I voiced my concerns over not being guaranteed a room when you book a month in advance and then having to pack up with my kids she offered ONE free night hotel stay at a neighbouring hotel and that was the best she could offer. I was told I could pay the rest of my nights at that hotel or check back in with them the next day. Why would I unpack all my belongings after one night and drive back to that hotel with two young kids? My husband is here for work and would need to leave early in the am. I cannot believe that such a large and respectable hotel chain would do that to a customer who booked and got an e-mail confirmation a week before the check in day. They also never attempted to e-mail or call me (they had my contact info) before the actual check in day to tell me that they had no room for me anymore. I am so shocked as we have travelled and stayed at many hotels both for business and pleasure and never once have heard of this happening. Upon check in at the suggested hotel (we had to leave to have a hotel to stay for the night) they did confirm that this has happened with Hilton San Diego bayfront before as well. Interesting....I think it is not an honest mistake but they oversell the number of rooms they have on purpose. It is a disappointing experience as prior to this happening we were even thinking of purchasing a Hilton vacations club in the future. I just hope you think twice before booking as you don't want to be surprised with no room upon check in. I usually never comment on trip advisor but have sought advice from travellers here myself and thought it was important enough to warn fellow travellers. Just be careful. There are plenty of new and better service hotels in San Diego that are worth checking out.