I stayed at this hotel for a business conference. The conference itself was well run and pleasant enough but as a guest in the hotel there are a few things that nigggle me. It's my first time in a Hilton for a couple of years and I was disappointed. The hotel is newish - Hope you like trains and noise from the container port!! It's a beautiful hotel inside and feels airy and spacious but nothing else. It has zero soul or heart and whatever design they were going for seems to have fallen flat going for clinical open space. It feels more like a hospital than a hotel. it doesn''t help that the staff wear something not too dissimilar to hospital nurses uniforms completing the look. The Bar has no atmosphere but adequate service but both the food and dribks menus are pretencious and over fussy although not overly expensive. Service was adequate and functional. I only had breakfast in the restaurant - If you want it in your room it has to be orrdered hours in advance and again is very fussy - God help you if you wan OJ, toast and Coffee. Right through the menus they have over complicated the food to make it sound fabulous and i suspect hoike up the price. But on every occassion it fails to match the grand descriptions. The food on the hot buffet at breakfast is usually cold in my expereince of the 4 days I ate there and the freshy squeezed orange Juice was not. The waiter described it as being freshy squeezed then put in the packet. For a hotel of this quality less than Minute Maid quality Orange Juice is unforgivable - especially in california. Again it looks like all show and no quality. On one night I had the hotel burger from room service and it was pretty awful. Compared to Mariott room service it was a dismal failure. I think it was supposed to be freshly ground beef but I got a greasy sloppy burger covered in fried onions that felt like a bad Wendys. Seriously under done raw in the middle - very offputting for a burger and it sat in me for hours and had an after taste like a bad kebab. Two other points if you are on any floor leave pleanty of time to get around, the lifts work at thier own pace and getting from room to lobby or bar is an expedition in itself. They have six lifts and all I can say is that they struggle off peak but in the morning and early evening they are hammered and you wait and wait and wait on your floor for a lift. They also allow dogs in the rooms and public areas. Onthree occassions I was accosted by dogs in the corridor outside my room or lift. Having some big huge dribbling dog put its paws all over me whilst the owner tells me hes judst being friendly is not what I want in a hotel. And it seems happy to let people stayt with whatever dogs they want and exercie no guidance over thier control. NOT EVERONE LIKES DOGS and I don't want them as part of my hotel expereince.