Where to start? Only stayed because it was a conference hotel, otherwise I would have left. It's isolated away from the downtown core, and I got tired after visiting downtown each day to have to trek back along the soulless walkway past the behemoth convention center and across to this badly designed hotel that has the charm of an office building. It's cold and sterile and unfriendly to pedestrians...They have a huge ramp for cars to go up to the second-floor lobby, but if you're arriving on foot, you have to look carefully to see where they've hidden the entrance at ground level...an example of terrible design where you start to suspect they've purposely kept you guessing about how to get in.... The interior decor is stark and sterile, and you get the feeling some crazed designer was given way too much money and told to do something "HIP", except it doesn't work here because you feel like you're still in an office building that's trying to be something else. The poor staff are forced to wear ridiculous uniforms that look like something out of Star Trek, and the most annoying thing was the incessant electronic club music that seemed to be playing at horrible volumes 24 hours a day. This is not the music I want to hear at 8 a..m. Walk out the hotel lobby doors to the walkway along the water in the sunny morning, and what do you hear? Oh yes, more club music, coming at you from outdoor speakers around the hotel, because who in their right mind might want to hear birds or the sounds of water when you can hear music blasting at you? Our room was clean and roomy enough, but our window looked out on a panoramic view of the industrial loading docks. We kept the curtains closed. The hotel has also adopted the unfortunate habit of charging guests to use the so-called fitness centre...Something like $25 to go and work out at a tiny facility that you would expect to be provided free at a hotel this size. If you want to go for a swim in the pool, you must wear your bathing suit from the 20th floor down to the lobby and back, because no one thought to put something most hotels call a changing room where the pool is. I called down from my room to ask where you could change at the pool, and the woman at the desk said "funny, you'd think I would know that wouldn't you?" Um, yeah, given that you're an employee here, I would . After she had to put me on hold to check, she then returned to say 'sorry, there isn't anywhere to change, but you could wear your bathrobe down to the pool.' Oh. Thanks. The pool is bizarre at night (giant video screens on the pool deck with flashing movie images, presumably for anyone who finds a few laps in peace and quiet just a little too annoying). I've stayed in small New York hotels where what this place is trying to pull off actually works and is fun. This place felt like a German design experiment gone all wrong. It has all the warmth of a science lab. Loved San Diego, hated this place.