Hilton was OK on initial impression when my wife and I first came in. The attendant was polite and things seemed to be going on well. When they could not find us a room of our choice, they even proposed they would waive our parking fee of 21 bucks. That sounded not too bad and we thought it would be a good stay. The room was sterile like others have commented which is a nice plus. However, the parking experience there was horrible. Because this hotel shares the structure with the Convention center and guess what, that night a big event of some sort took place at the convention center. So it took us like 2 hours just to drive from 1 mile away from the hotel to be able to park our car. And the hotel staffs seem very indifferent to this inconvenience at all. Worse part was yet to come. That night around 2:30AM, we were rudely awoken by a bunch of drunkards just out of our door in the hallway. It turned out to be a bunch of teenagers heading to Mexico and they were just too intoxicated to stay calm at all. Next morning, they even piled their trash just outside of our door! So we talked to the front desk about this issue and they promised to lower our fee because of that. So far so "good". Then after couple of days of the trip, guess what, those bills did creep up showing not a single cent of deduction as promised. And worse yet, the promised free parking also showed up glaringly as well. It took me half an hour to talk to the finance department to sort things out. However, I would say they are following a pattern here. Basically, when you are on premise, they could and would promise you anything and while you are away, they just change anyways they want totally forgetting about their promises. I am very disappointed by the extreme unprofessional way Hilton BayFront is treating their customers. In light of the current economy situation, should not they be more trained to retain customers by providing excellent services rather than those junks? Anyways, good hardware in the hands of wrong people only means bad business anyhow. We would not return to this hotel any more.