My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights during the week of Oct.24,2011. This was our first visit to Hawaii to celebrate our anniversary. Since I read here on T.A. very conflicting reports from recent readers, I want to be very specific here and truthfully state what I saw & experienced . Firstly, readers ladydi of 11/6/11 and sulunz of 10/31/11 were right on, accurate ! Sorry Renee N of Honolulu but I believe you are either a "shill" or somehow tied into this hotel or perhaps stayed out a little too much in the sun. When we checked in, after 2 long flights from New York, we were then advised for the FIRST TIME that there was some repair work being done at the hotel but it wasn't noisy or disruptive. Note: we were NEVER advised beforehand of any renovations <including hotel's Reservation Reminder sent 1 week before our arrival or in my conversations/emails with hotel's concierge.> I add, I am a Hyatt Gold Passport Member and have stayed in some of their 5-star properties worldwide. Please note, I estimate this construction started after Oct.15th from what a hotel employee told me so of course T.A. readers who stayed here before then did not have to deal with construction. Hotel stated in writing upon arrival that work will last "until approximately December 20th to complete". I wouldn't bet on that !! Being tired from our travel, we checked into our Ocean-Front Deluxe Room on a High Floor in the Atrium Wing <most desirable wing for ocean-views, central location, etc.>. After immediately hearing loud noises, which I'll get to, we debated on changing hotels but didn't want to go through the hassle. So, the reason we left the hotel during the day is because this is what you have here: -The Main Entrance to the hotel is blocked off by fences, etc. and looks like a contruction site, which it is. -We could loudly hear from our terrace and ALL OVER THE POOL area most of the time, 9am-4pm the almost constant noise of heavy-duty power saws and occasional sound of sledge-hammers and get this <which I observed> a large pneumatic or hydraulic jackhammer mounted on an excavator !!! I add, there is no beach in front of hotel to sit on anyway. -The very pretty <main> Atrium Lobby is completely shut down, except for minimal safety lighting. -Renee N forgot to mention that to drive to the hotel entrance now being used, you must first pass the hotel's loading docks, not very pretty !! -There's a lot more I can add, including the 2-story ugly temporary staircase that leads to the pool, huge tarps covering parts of the hotel, "hardhats" <nice guys doing their job> can be seen working on hotel floors and other areas, and MORE !!!!!! -I add, some other guests we spoke to during our stay felt exactly the way we did. Of course we tried to make the best of our stay and thankfully the next hotel on our trip was the Koa' Kea Hotel & Resort on Kauai which was heavenly. -So, I say farewell here by quoting the late Groucho Marx: "Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes".......