I just got back from a trip to Maui with the family and we stayed at the Hyatt Regency Kaanapali. I have to say that I was dreadfully disappointed with the hotel accommodations and service, especially for a Regency resort and especially for 300 plus dollars a night. Next trip we stay at The Four Seasons, Fairmont or Grand Wailea. I arranged the trip through JetSetter who had sent me an offer for 100 dollars less than I had already booked with the Hyatt direct, although my Hyatt deal included FREE breakfast. I was not able to get the 10 nights I needed through jetsetter so had to book to extra 2 nights with the Hyatt who would not honor the same price and forced me to pay an extra 100 dollars for both nights even though the reservations were linked. They said they can only honor the discount to the agency and some other marketing double talk they mentioned. I say this is just rude and a chance to squeeze a few more dollars from a guest but as you will see this is the hotels business model, with 25 dollar "resort fees" and 18 dollar a day parking since every self park lot is full every night. To their credit they did comp the parking upon check out. I was worried about having 2 separate reservations and confirmed the reservation link several times with the hotel and JetSetter. I must say jetsetter staff and personal were prompt, courteous and professional. A great outfit but they need to be more selective with their hotels. Low and behold when I checked in they could not find the reservation for the two nights, only showing the JetSetter 8 nights and the hotel was full to capacity, even though I was holding a printed confirmation. A stressful start to an expensive vacation. It took over 20 minutes for the woman to emerge from the back room. I had to ask other people to track her down. During that time we were subjected to the awful banging and screeching of scaffolding being erected right over our heads. The noise was deafening. No one told us the hotel was under construction when we booked or offered an y discount based on this remodel. I was told this was "Emergency-Remodeling" which sounds scary. Was the hotel collapsing? I was also subjected to an upgrade charge to have an "ocean view" which I thought I already had. I had already upgraded on JetSetter from partial ocean view to ocean view (there were only 2 choices) Naively assuming that "ocean view" means "ocean view". How nave of me. The geniuses at the Hyatt have devised a way to charge multiple tiers for the ocean view rooms, with partial ocean view (20%) to ocean view (I guess 60% view). If you want an actual ocean view you have to get FULL FRONT DELUXE OCEAN VIEW. What a scam? I felt like I was in a Seinfeld episode. Why not add a few more levels while you are at it? High floor ocean view and low floor ocean view, right side of the building ocean view or left side of the building ocean view? They charged me 25 dollars extra for this. They also charge 25 dollars a day for a "resort fee", apparently 300-400 dollars for the room does not include use of the pool or facilities. If I decided not to pay this does that mean I can't swim at the resort? They Hyatt never misses a chance to squeeze the customer. Nickel and diming like a shoddy Vegas property, not a 4 star family resort. Finally they found the reservation. The room was supposed to have 2 "Grand Plush" beds a Hyatt TM which they even boast of as the most comfortable beds in the industry. Some nerve! The marketing folks at Hyatt have never slept at a Westin I guess. These beds were small (queen/double) and are cheap mattresses with minor pillow tops on top of hard beds on cheap wooden platforms and headboards which rattle. The wood platform is 1 foot off the ground, with no box spring so you have to practically roll onto the floor to get out of the bed. The beds are hard and very uncomfortable. The rooms are also dated even after a remodel (popcorn ceilings?) and are very small. The bathroom is so small one person can barely fit in it with the toilet butting up against the tiny bathtub. I have seen bigger bathrooms in $39 dollar rooms in Elkhorn Nevada. The rooms are small, the terrace is minuscule and the ceilings in a supposedly remodeled room still have the 80's popcorn. The biggest thing in this 300 dollar plus room is the minibar setup (profit center) and sits where a chest of drawers should be. Your clothes have to go on shelves in the tiny closet. The hotel was overbooked I was told. How this is possible I dont know since there is a finite number of rooms but the hotel and pool area were overrun like an ant farm. The Hyatt offered a free breakfast package to the masses I guess, so the Swan Court breakfast restaurant had 100 people on line every morning just to get in. It was like the line for the Matahorn at Disney. There was also one toaster for all these people in the buffet so just to toast a bagel took 15 minutes. The pool has I would guess 1 chair for every 30 guests and almost no shaded areas so it is a battle to get seating, forget shade. If you want a good spot at the pool you are required to wake up with the sun and stake your claim. The Hyatt pool police will move your stuff every hour if you leave it so someone must be present at the chairs at all time. Other guest swarmed around us and literally attached their chairs to ours or moved us as to share the shade. It was like being at an 80% off sale on Black Friday. I was surprised the hotel did not offer roll out umbrellas for guests, even for a charge. We ate at Umalu, the Hyatt midscale restaurant which also supplies the pool food as well. The service was so bad our first night, taking 30 minutes just to get an ice tea that Gordon the manager comped our meal and sent us a gift basket. Very nice fellow. He is a professional and handled the situation very well. On his invite we tried it again for lunch as his guest and it was a little better. Mistakenly we went back again for dinner as the food when it finally arrives is pretty good. The next night the service was even worse with two tables seated after us getting fed before my daughter even got her Mac n cheese. Apparently for dinner they are woefully understaffed. Overall the appeal of this dated, tired property (even with a remodel) is the pool area and grounds which are exceptionally fun and beautiful and the location as the first hotel on Kaanapali has great unobstructed views of the mountains. It offers great beaches and many beach services, but the terrible service and tiny, uncomfortable rooms was so bad I would have to sadly look for other accommodations in Maui, and I spent my honeymoon here 25 years ago. Better than I guess since it was newer. I do recommend JetSetter though. Great deals, customer service, good locations, and good offers. They need to strike the Hyatt from the list I think if they want to market their as an upscale travelers club. If anyone form the Hyatt would like to contact me I would happy to speak with them. jeffg@super72i.com As of today neither JetSetter or the Hyatt has offered me any compensation for an extraordinary expensive and disappointing vacation.