My wife and I just returned home from our dream Hawaii honeymoon. The only sore spot was this hotelI wish we had stayed somewhere other than the Hyatt. I apologize for the length of this review, but I feel the details are necessary for you to understand why we rated this hotel so poorly. This is from an honest, easygoing person--not one of the TA "one-hit-wonders." We arrived in the afternoon and were given a corner room in their Atrium Tower on a high floor, as I had requested. The room was in their oceanfront category, which I had booked (no upgrade). No problems at check-in. Upon getting to our room, we thoroughly inspected it for bugs and found it to be clean. We left for dinner and returned to the hotel for bed. We both settled into bed to read for a bit. Then I noticed a little gnat/fly on my nightstand along with a little ant. I got up to get a tissue from the bathroom, and there I found a couple of more ants on the bathroom sink. Upon further inspection, there were ants crawling everywhere on the bathroom counter. I hurriedly moved our things off the counter. When I checked back by the nightstand, I noticed a number of ants over there (AND on the window curtain, which was next the next to the nightstand) as well. I called down to the front desk and they said they would send somebody up to spray. I waited 5 minutes and decided we needed to moveI was not going to be OK with this room. So I called down again and they offered us the exact same room location on the floor below us (basically the same view). I knew this was a bad idea, but I accepted at the time. We packed up our things and I went down to get our new keys. We immediately went to the bathroom to look for ants and found the same problem here. So, I called down and they said the only other available room was in another tower. I said thats fine and requested help with our bags to get over there. After waiting 10 minutes for a bellman to arrive, we got tired of waiting and took our things down to the front desk ourselves. I asked if they had any suites or Club rooms available, and if so I would PAY to upgrade into them, since we had to change rooms anyway. They told me they had nothing available, but did give us a coupon for free dinner for 2 at their poolside restaurant Umalu. We made our way over to the new room, this time in Lahaina Tower. It was a nice room, and it was definitely oceanfront. However, the view was nowhere near the same as it was on the lowest of 7 floors in this tower. To me, it felt like the room was a downgrade, and since we were on our honeymoon and I had requested a high floor I felt like Hyatt dropped the ball here. The entire room move process took us about an hour. We had arrived on Oahu 2 days earlier, so we were getting accustomed to Hawaii time but we were still jet-lagged a bit. By the time we finally got settled in our Lahaina room, we were exhausted and nervous about finding unwanted critters. The next morning (Thursday), I stopped at the front desk and told them we just havent been able to relax here, and I feel sick that I paid full price for that room last night. At that time, they offered us half off the first nights room rate and 2 tickets to their Luau. We were already going to a Luau, so I suggested maybe something more relaxing, like a spa treatment for the 2 of us. She tried calling the spa but got no answer, so she said she would just credit our account an extra $100 and we could go to the spa if we wanted to. I find this interesting because 1) The Retail Value of their Luau for 2 people is $200, and 2) $100 cant buy you anything in their overpriced spa for 1 person, let alone 2. We said thanks and thought everything was OK. By Saturday afternoon things just were not sitting well with me. We did not do anything wrong, but we felt like they just stuck us off in some corner to get us out of their hair. So, we went to talk to the front desk again. I had a lengthy conversation with the front desk personnel about our situation. She checked with the manager and told us there were no suites available, but offered us dinner for 2 at Umalu To which I said, No, you dont understand, we are unhappy and Hyatt has not figured out how to please us. She responded with something like We feel we have compensated you for your issues on your first night. And your room is in the same tier that you booked. I did not want to ask for anythingI wanted Hyatt to realize the mental struggle that our stay had been, and I dont feel like they ever truly got that. The front desk worker was at the point where she couldnt do anything and asked if we wanted to speak to a manager. We said yes and got to talk to Kirstin (might be Kirstennot sure). Kirsten says they have tried, that our room is in the category which we booked and she basically wants to know what we want. Again, it wasnt about getting stuff to us. I told Kirstin how frustrated we were and that we looked at other hotels. If anything, something that could help us relax would be nicemaybe something in the spa for the 2 of us or one of their oceanfront huts, called Ocean Hales. Upon hearing this, Kirstin immediately says she can book a cabana for us. A cabana ($50/day) is NOT an Ocean Hale ($150/day). I ask if the Ocean Hales are out of the question, and she backs down and seems to think one would probably be available for us. I ask to have it reserved for Tuesday, and she says the pool manager will call me for sure. Later that night, I get the phone call that a cabana (NOT an Ocean Hale) has been reserved for us on Tuesday. I asked the gentleman if any Ocean Hales were available, because that is what Kirstin and I talked about, and he says not at this time, but Ill monitor it for you. Sure you will. When we checked into our Cabana on Tuesday, I noticed a number of the Ocean Hales were empty. I looked on the check-in sheet (which was obvious to understand) and saw that not all of the Ocean Hales had been reserved yet for the day. So even though they had availability in their Ocean Hales, they did not offer us one. As for our room being the category which we booked, I told both the front desk and Kirstin that it simply wasnt the same room and I would be happy to walk them up to each room and compare the two. I told them they should have more categories if they count them as the same. And again, we are on our honeymoon and I requested a high floor. This didnt seem to resonate with either of them. Throughout the conversation with Kirstin, her expression was rude and gave us the impression that we were a problem. Throughout the process Hyatt seemed to want to know what we wanted. When I reluctantly asked for a suite/club upgrade, spa treatment, or Ocean Hale, they only offered their Luau, dinner at Umalu, and a cabana. The items they offered us are not high-value items and really didnt make a difference to us. Every time I talked to the front desk, the worker had to go to the back and talk to the managerthis took FOREVER. They simply did not see things through the customers eyes I will never forget the line we feel like we have compensated you They never put themselves in our shoes and did anything that made a true difference. They just tried to give us meaningless stuff over and over again In addition to the above problems, here are other issues we have with this hotel: - Parking is an adventure. Had to wait 10 minutes one night just to get into the self-parking lot, and struggled to find a spot on a number of occasions. When we checked in, the valet told us that if we couldnt find a self-parking spot we would have to spend just $18 a day to valet it. - Hot water in the bathroom sink seldom got WARM, let alone hot - The food is WAY overpriced. No way we would have eaten there if we didnt have a free coupon for Umalu. - To eat anywhere else, it can be a hike. The hotel is down on the end of Kaanapali, so you have to walk a ways or drive. - There is virtually no beach in front of the property. - The pool, luau, and other live music make for noisy oceanfront rooms, as others have noted. We had the luau right outside our room every night. It was ridiculous. They also make for a noisy pool-going experience. It was hard to relax with the hoard of people always present on the property. I wish we would have stayed at a number of the other properties on Kaanapaliwe actually checked out a few and if I could do it over we would have picked the Sheraton. A condo might have been a good option, too. ANYTHING would have beaten our experience here. We will NEVER stay at another Hyatt hotel in our lives. They did a terrible job of understanding our situation and accommodating us on our honeymoon. If Hyatt responds to this post expressing their remorse, I will be astonished because they didnt seem to have any while we were actually there. Honestly, we had a wonderful time in Hawaii and will always remember it fondly. But I cant let our amazing trip cloud the view of our terrible Hyatt experience.