Here are the issues we had- First we were told this was a five star resort.. Not the case. The bathroom barley fit one person. It had pop corn ceilings and only one TV to share between the bedroom and living room. Beyond that we had the following major problems.. Keep in mind if we would have know this before hand we wouldn't have booked this trip. Bed bug bites on myself, my wife, and both of my small children. Every morning.. All over us. Construction (jack hammering) pool side. Would you book a vacation if they were doing construction projects? No hot water pressure in bathroom. We took mostly cold showers. Breakfast buffet were charged full price. We told them our vacation included two free breakfast per day. They told us (while we were already seated) to go speak to the front desk or theyd bill us. Obviously Im not about to walk to the front desk in the middle of breakfast so we were billed. We never went back the entire vacation. Self parking was always full. We were told in that instance valet parking was free. It was a battle every time to get them to honor that.. They billed us and we had to fight it. Pool slide- We were told children had to be over 48 inches high to ride the slide Both of our children are over 48 inches. When we got to the entrance of the slide we were told we needed a bracelet to ride the slide.. Why we weren't given these when we got towels is a mystery but never the less I walked all the way to the front desk (in shorts wet from the pool) to get these bracelets. When I finally got them the pool slide attendant told us Our children didnt look like able swimmers. How is this his call? My children water ski in the lake.. Body surf in the ocean.. Snorkel in the ocean.. But not they aren't good enough swimmers to go down a slide? Bullsh... As a result of the pool slide issue we ended up driving every day to another resort (30 miles one way) to use their facilities. This cost me precious vacation time, gas, and added expense. I would never ever go to this resort again.. Even if it were FREE!!