Just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hyatt Regency Maui. I struggled with giving this hotel 2 star rating or a 3 star rating but finally decided it deserved 2 stars because I have given 3 stars to hotels I have enjoyed much more. Let me start by saying that we had a very nice trip to Maui and enjoyed our time around the pool at the Hyatt. Overall, our stay was really nice and we did enjoy the our stay at the hotel, however, there were several incidents that lead to my rating. Let me elaborate. I had booked the hotel using hyatt points on the regency club level for 2 nights and purchased 4 nights on the regency club level for the remaining 4 nights. The day before we were to leave for Maui, I received an email stating the regency club room was under renovation and would not be open. They had relocated the club room to the lobby level in a different tower. While this was only a minor inconvenience, I felt it was a little underhanded to sent me a note the day before I am to arrive. If I wanted to change my reservation to a less expensive non club level room, I could not because I was within the 7 day change/cancellation period. A minor nit, but still. We arrived to the hotel on Saturday night at 9:30 PM and attempted to check in. The desk person seemed confused by my reservation and said she had to speak to a manager about our room, when I why, she just said she needed to talk to a manager and disappeared. She reappeared 15 minutes later and said she had a room for us but it was not ready yet and said it would be a 'few' minutes. Again, I asked why and she said they had a late check out. When I asked why it wasn't ready because late check out was at 5:00 pm, she said it needed to be 'freshened' up (whatever that means). At this point I was getting frustrated as we had been traveling for 10 hours and my 6 year old son was tired (as we all were). Finally after 45 minutes, our room was ready. Again disappointment when we got to our room. It was a corner room (2208) and I had requested two beds since I was traveling with my wife and 6 year old. They gave us a king bed with a pull out couch. Nothing major, but we could deal. The room however was an odd shape due to the shape of the building and it being a corner room so our room was an bent L shape which reduced our space in the room. This meant when the couch bed was open, you really could not move about the room and could not get to the mini bar/fridge and door without climbing over the bed. The bathroom was the 2nd tiniest bathroom I've ever experienced and I'm fairly well traveled. This was smaller than any European bathroom I've ever seen. In order to close the bathroom door, you had to stand back against the wall (the only available space in the bathroom besides standing in the bath tub). We're not big people, but if we were, this would not have been a good place to be. In hindsight, we should have requested another room, but we just dealt with it. Finally on the room, the hotel was experiencing an ant problem, so every morning we'd wake up to ants in the bath room and if you had any open food in the room, it would be covered with ants when you woke up. I wasn't just our room that was experiencing the ants as we heard several other guests discussing this as well. I found this room disappointing for the prices they were charging ($350-$400/night). I'm sure not all the regency club rooms were shaped this way and had such a small bathroom. As for the service, 80% of the people in the hotel were extremely gracious and helpful (wait staff at the pool, activities desk were great). The 20% of staff that were not gracious were downright rude. Several of the people working the regency club room were unfriendly, rude, and unhelpful. I was very surprised by this. When we encountered someone like this, we learned very quick to avoid them if we ever saw them again. An example of this was a person working the towel stand. When I inquired about when the large water slide might reopen (as they had a sign saying it was closed until further notice), the person acted as if it was a ridiculous question and just said, we don't know. By the way, if you're going anytime soon and your kids expect the big water slide to be open, it probably won't be. We finally got someone to admit that it probably wouldn't be open for at least another month (as they are doing construction on the building by the slide. While we were disappointed by a few things, we did have a nice time: Things we enjoyed: Very large pool that has a fun section for kids and another portion of the pool is great for the adults. The swans, penguins, flamingos, parrots, and fish were fun to explore every day. The grounds of the hotel have held up very well and having the pool right next to the ocean is really nice. Food at all the places to eat at the hotel was above average and had something good for both adults and kids. Things were disappointed in: Room size (but this was probably just our particular room) Hotel is starting to show it's age. Rooms are getting a bit dated. The beach at the Hyatt is very small compared to the other hotels around this location.