First, my husband has dreamed of staying here since he was 16. Our family wanted to LOVE this place, believe me. We have been coming to hawaii for 21 years and have stayed on every island, hotels, resorts and condos. Hyatt doesn't exude a Hawaiian feeling at all, especially in the hospitality department. Greed and deception are their main characteristics. I won't go into detail because it has already been explained by previous reviews regarding the towel cards that they use to try and "steal" from their customers as well as the weighted snack tray that they stratigically place in the bathroom where you are trying to get ready for the day. Be careful don't bump it or you could be out $200.00 by knocking items over. NO KIDDING!!! Oh and don't even OPEN the minibar to see if you want anything because you will be charged, true! The staff has been rude and unfriendly to say the least. They obviously are either mistreated by management or not even trained to at least fake like they care about the guests. We have never felt so unwelcome property wide we recieved attitude from valets, front desk staff and waitresses. I promise you, we are not high maintenance people. This hotel was a splurge for us, or so we thought it would be. Ended up a waste of our money. We were checked in by a sarcastic young girl who thought it was cute and funny to be rude. When I told her it was our 20 year anniv. she barely said congratulations then said she would give us wine which never arrived. We had ants in our beds for 3 nights. We did not bring one crumb of food or drink into our room. When my husband called the first night, they said they would send someone up. Half hour later-no one came. He called again, all the while being extremely calm and polite. They sent someone up 10 min later with some potently strong smelling spray. By this time it was 10:30 pm and we were planning to go to bed so we asked them to spray in the morning. They agreed to come at 9 am. My husband had to ask to have the bedding changed when he was forced to go down to the lobby at 11 pm to deal with the whole situation. When houskeeping came to change the bedding, they asked, "We only have to change the sheets right?" He replied "No, because they were all in the blanket and pillow shams. The houskeeper gave me attitude when she came in. Saying, "You must have brought food in the room!" I told her no and that I noticed a few ants on the paperwork on the nightstand earlier in the day but none anywhere else. She then replied with attitude. "You should have called earlier so we could come spray!" Well, I was trying to be an easy going guest and accept that this is the tropics. But when they over take my bed, I have a problem. Anyway, they offered to move us to a room in a different tower with no Ocean front rooms like we paid for, with no reduction in our rate. The audacity! I could give endless examples of the poor customer service. Lets just say I have recieved better service at places I stayed for 1/4 the cost. The next day we waited an hour for the spray appointment and they never showed up. We had plans for the day and assumed they were running late and would take care of it while we were gone. NOPE! When we arrived again at night they had not done anything! The next morning we arose to ants in our bed with us. Still all we get from management is that "I will make sure it is done properly." When my husband went down to talk to a manager, twice he was told she wasn't available and would call our room later. Of course while we are out trying to enjoy our day, we missed her 1 call. Finally on the 3rd night, they sprayed and we slept to the smell of raid while the ants took cover in our bathroom. Now for the property. The room is a typical hotel size room with a balcony that is tiny. The beds are extremely uncomfortable. Carpet has stains. Bathroom fixtures are rusted. The grounds are beautiful but impossible to enjoy because it's like being at disneyland with all the kids and crowds. The beach is basically, unusable. It's about 5 feet of sand during low tide and full of small rocks on the shore as well as large rocks in the water. The water in the pool is cloudy first thing in the morning. Which could have something to do with the couple my husband saw having sex in the pool from our balcony, yuck! Which by the way we could no longer use after the first night because there seems to be enough smokers surrounding us that there is constant smoke flowing to our balcony. Hyatts location on Kaanapali is the worst. There are jet skis, parasailers, and the beautiful banana boat filling our ocean view all day. Drinking seems to be the biggest past time. If you like cruises then you will probably love the Hyatt. We were looking for a peaceful Hawaiian escape. We will never stay in a Hyatt again. Aloha and best wishes for wonderful Hawaiian experiences!