Overall, we were disappointed in our stay here. Based on below reviews, decided to stay here over the Fairmont in Waliea. Although we visited the Fairmont and were unimpressed with their grounds, Hyatt wasn't much better. Let me be to the point: 1. This hotel is probably the largest on island if not in the state of Hawaii. Lots of people stay here, and it seemed crowded despite this being a down economy. (I asked front desk what their occupancy was and they said 98% and that was what it was going to be most of the summer due to large groups staying at hotel and business conventions). 2. Rooms, facilities, grounds were run down. This resort is in major need of a renovation. Won't happen soon though because of 1--why should they invest if people keep coming? 3. Location is so so. I wish we would have known this based on reviews below. If all you want to do is park yourself at the resort and see nothing else on the island, stay here. Otherwise, you end up doing a lot of driving everyday to see things (Road to Hana, Sunrise at Crater, certain restaurants, etc.) We regret not staying in Waliea which would have lopped at least 30 min each way off our drives to/from activities. 4. Pool is nice, but the chairs are PILED on top of each other to accommodate all the guests. 5. WORST bed I have ever slept on in my entire life!!! All they put down is a mattress--no box spring (might be why) (=cost savings to hotel). 6. Walls are incredibly thin. We heard our neighbors and their tv constantly. 7. Yes, the grounds are ok and seem exotic if you've been to no other resorts on the Island, but there is no beach (sure you can walk 10 min to Kaanapali which is nice but crowded) due to erosion. 8. Buffet breakfast was disappointing. Although included in our costco purchased package (so I can't complain about the $30 per person price), the lines into the restaurant, and once inside, the omelet station were long. Who want's to wait in line while on vacation? More problematic was the birds flying everywhere, crapping on the backs of chairs and on the lights, and waiting for you to get up to devoir your leftovers. It was completely unsanitary. And to top that off, the wait staff that only brings you another pot of coffee if needed and clears the table once done, likes to point out that it is customary to leave a 15% tip. Whatever. 9. High-speed internet (provided by T-mobile) was absolutely terrible. Need to get on every time you turn on/wake your computer. And then, it is extremely slow. 10. Things we did like: 1.5 mile walking/jogging paved path along the ocean; friendly front desk; Kaanapali beach access; Leilanis restaurant (15 min walk along path at outdoor mall---go there for fish tacos and hula pie--best affordable meal on Island); decent fitness center; and, proximity of resort to town of Lahaina. Do yourself a favor, seek another hotel/location. You can do better for what the Hyatt costs, whether you purchase via hyatt.com, priceline, or costco.