We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Lahaina for 6 nights in March-April 2010 as part of our honeymoon. Upon arrival we were informed that the type of room we had booked was not available. To compensate, we were asked to stay in a lower class room for one night, and were then upgraded to an oceanfront room for the remaining 5 nights. We were also given 2 free tickets to their luau. We were quite happy with this. We also received a complimentary voucher for a bottle of champagne, to be used at any of the restaurants at the hotel. This wasn't much of a perk as we had to spend $100+ for a meal at their overpriced restaurants, just to enjoy a small piccolo of champagne. You would have thought that a hotel of this stature would not be so stingy with their guests considering the amount of money their guests pay to stay with them. The oceanfront room we stayed in for 5 nights was quite nice (if not dated), with a great view of the beach and the ocean. The restaurants at the hotel were expensive, so we mainly ate out at bars and restauraunts down the boardwalk (we highly recommend Longboards, kimo's at Lahaina, and the bar and restaurant in the Marriott hotel - the guys there were great! ) The pool is also quite nice - except you will need to get down there early (6am) for a lounge as people go and put their towels on the lounges and then don't come back for a few hours. The biggest issue we had with this hotel was in relation to debits taken from our credit card without our knowledge or consent - which overshadowed all the good things about this hotel, and ruined the end of our honeymoon. While we were staying at this hotel, a number of 'holds' were placed on one of our credit cards that we were required to give the front desk staff on check in for authorisation. These 'holds' were for random amounts for various purchases which we did not make eg: an online spa store. We did not use this credit card at all during our time in Maui. These 'holds' racked up to over $4000, and we only became aware of them after we left Maui to our next destination, when our card was declined for check in at our next hotel. This left us sick with worry, and ruined the remainder of our honeymoon. To make matters worse another of our credit cards had debits taken from it once we had left the island. It seems that someone was putting meals to the room we were in - even though we had departed. When we tried to call the hotel to get to the bottom of it they did not return our calls and messages - it was only when Hyatt head office stepped in some 2 weeks later that something was done about this. Hyatt head office were great in dealing with this problem, although no acknowledgement was made by them that there are some serious flaws in the way transactions can be made against a room or a persons credit card. We only wanted 3 things from they Hyatt. 1. an apology 2. our credit cards reimbursed and 3. acknowledgement that there are flaws in their system which they should look into so that it did not happen to another guest. We tried to explain this to the Hyatt staff however they refused to acknowledge this issue so to be honest once we had received our credits back we gave up trying to get through to them. All in all, this appalling behaviour on the part of Hyatt Maui overshadowed the good things about this hotel. We would definitely not stay here again. Be careful when you are handing your credit card over to the front desk and check your statements after you leave the hotel to ensure that no charges are added after you depart.