I have been going to Maui about every 8 months since 1993. I have never stayed at the Hyatt but had been to the Restaurants (Swan Court has been a long time favorite) and walked around the grounds many times. I had looked forward to my first stay at the Hyatt, wanting to feel pampered and indulged by the Hyatt atmosphere. The hotel lobby and grounds are always lovely and were no disappointment this time, however as we were checking in, I noticed the torches weren't lit. I just figured maybe it was a bit early or something. The rooms were large enough, but I was taken aback by the decor and the very old, very bulky tv in the room. No flat screen, no DVD player, no Stereo. I thought this was the Hyatt?!? It doesn't matter that we are in Maui.and won't spend much time in the room... these things are common place in hotel rooms accross the world now. The Hyatt should be state of the art for the prices they charge and because they have a certain reputation....that they will loose if their other hotels are going down the tubes like this one is.! I've stayed at many of the resorts on the island and many condo's. Even the Sheraton has nicer furniture in their rooms then this place. Our in-room hair dryer sparked and almost caught on fire when we tried to use it.....I haven't seen a hair dryer like that in 10 years...again...I thought I paid for the Hyatt ....the grounds, althpough lovely, were never lit up the entire week we were there. No Torches were lit except those directly near the open restaurants or lounges. But coming up the drive and along the walking paths thpoughout the property...the torches were never lit! So when you went for a walk around the proerty at night....some of the unlit paths led nowhere. Isn't that what we think of when we think of Hawaii?? moonlit walks along a torch lit boardwalk? We asked several times why they weren't lit but never got a straight answer. It wasn't too windy....quite the contrarty...besides....those torches can handle a lot of wind. Anyway...I won't stay there again. At least I know now....For Kaanapali....I'll stick with the Sheraton for the quality of their rooms and their service even if their grounds don't measure up to the Hyatt.. For Wailea....stick with the Fairmonth Kea Lani or Four Seasons. The service at Hyatt was immpeccable though.