This is my first time writing a review, but we had such a bad experience here on our honeymoon (first week of Aug'08) that I decided it was necessary to warn others before considering staying here yourself. Here are all the issues we had with the hotel: 1. Had to switch rooms 3 times. We booked an ocean view room and they put us into a partial ocean view room and lied to us saying this was ocean view. Especially annoying considering how much we had to pay to stay in this hotel. 2. The second room we got actually was ocean view and had two nice balconies. The problem with this room was that we saw a cocroach when we came back to the room at night as well as pieces of a twizzler and M&Ms by the dresser and curtains. 3. The rooms and hotel are run down and in desperate need of an upgrade. Drapes are stained, tvs are old and get terrible reception, carpet is stained, etc... Also, in the tower we stayed in which is the main one, one of the elevators is out and based on what I was told from the bell hop, it will be out for 3 months then they will be doing the same to the other elevators. In other words, for a long time 1 of 3 elevators will not be operating causing long waits just to go back and forth to your room. 4. They rip you off with a lot of hidden fees. $15 resort fee per day + $20 fee per day for valet parking. Self-parking is not really an option here since there are very few spots. 5. The pool is extremely crowded and unless you get a chair by 8AM you will have problems finding one. Also the chairs are very close together and hardly any have shade or some covering over them like other hotels. If you're on your honeymoon or just looking to relax by the pool, watch out. There are a ton of kids here that take over all parts of the pool. No section for just adults exists. 6. There is construction right next to the pool with noise you can hear being drowned out by loud music they have playing to cover up the noise. This area also takes up a decent portion of the area around the pool. 7. The beach is a joke. Hardly any sand and very rocky. We walked to the other side of Kannapali Beach where the Sheraton is (which by the way is a much nicer resort). Bottom line, we made a huge mistake spending our honeymoon here and paying the outrageous prices for this hotel and getting very little for our money other than a lot of stress. This hotel is the complete opposite of the Grand Hyatt Kauai which is what a resort should be like and what this place is not.