The Good: Hotel is Beautiful, the Lobby is Beautiful, beds are Comfortable. The Bad: The theme of this hotel should be, GIVE US ALL YOUR MONEY. The hotel automatically charges you an extra $15 a day 'service fee'. Cha Ching. This above any price you got on any package anywhere (expedia, orbitz, hotels.com or booking direct). So when you compare your rates, Hyatt's rate really isn't what shows up in your search, ADD $15 A DAY!!. You would think over $500 a night is enough, but these greedy Hyatt people need to milk you for a little more of your cash. PARKING IS HORRIBLE. Either pay $20 a day for valet parking or find your own.Cha Ching. There are 2 lots and both have parking spaces that are so tiny, you'll be lucky to squeeze even a tiny car into the spots (if you find one). On the day of arrival you are kind of forced to pull up to the main entrance and use the valet parking. (It's free the first day unless you leave it in valet after 10PM). So you give the guys your keys, the bellman unloads your car while you check in. So now you're in the awkward position of tipping a bellman when he brings your luggage to your room and tipping the valet when you retrieve your car. Cha Ching. When I checked in, they tried to upgrade my room for ONLY $100 a night extra. Cha Ching. Room Service took 1 hour and they charge you a 20% gratuity automatically and when you sign the receipt, there's a place to add 'an additional gratuity'. Cha Ching. After having to wait an hour, I would have preferred a ZERO tip, but that isn't an option. All the ammenities that Hyatt touts in this hotel COST MONEY, A LOT OF MONEY! Don't assume they're included in your rate, they are not. It seemed to me everyone at the hotel walked around with their hands open expecting you to place money in them. Cha Ching. Construction was going on during our stay. I didn't read that warning anywhere, but the jack hammer in the morning kind of ruins your sleep in days. At least they didn't charge extra for the extra noise. The much touted Ka'anapali beach by the hotel is poor. It is the south part of the beach, which is the worse of the entire beach. There's a reef in the water which makes swimming dangerous if not impossible. If you go more that 4 feet from the beach, you're on BIG ROUGH ROCK and BOULDERS. (forget white sandy beaches - this isn't the place to find them). The Beach further north is MUCH better. If you plan to just swim in the pool, you'll be ok. But who goes to Hawaii to swim in a swimming pool instead of the ocean? I would NOT stay in this hotel again, it is way over priced for what it is. Much better are available on better parts of the beach. And with the hotel staff walking around with their hands out all the time, you'll run out of cash quickly. Cha Ching.