My wife and I just came back from a 11-day honeymoon to Kauai + Maui, of which 6 days were spent on Maui (3/22-3/28), and we were extremely disappointed with the condition of this resort. 1) ENTRANCE (2.5 star) - As you drive into the resort, the "grand entrance" is so small that even the valets have to vertically park around the cul-de-sac in order to fit all the cars coming in. The car valet area is not organized, it takes about 15-20 minutes from the time you hand over your valet ticket to the time the car comes to the front (once the valet has manuveured around the double-parked cars in the cul-de-sac). Exiting the cul-de-sac is also an experience that requires lots of manuveuring as well to avoid hitting the cars on both sides of the road. Also this resort charges an extra $20/night car valet fee (which is not covered by the mandatory $15 resort fee and is not explicitly mentioned unless you ask about it--the $15 resort fee only covers self-parking, but more about that later); however, on the first night, if you take out your car before 11pm and re-park in the self-park area, you will not be charged the $20 fee. -Once you enter the resort, the atrium is nice and has lots of parrots/exotic birds in the vicinity (flamingoes, penguins, yes penguins), lots of tropical plants and flowers, nice view of the ocean and the neighboring island of Lana'i. The public area also has lots of stores and shops to browse in, but nothing worth buying (you can find the same items for less elsewhere and in nearby Whalers Village). But this is just about the only nice area throughout the resort, everything else is downhill from there. 2) PARKING (1 star) - Self-parking is available in 2 main lots, but their parking lots are small, and one of the lots has about half of the spaces reserved for beach goers only (no hotel guests allowed), and another 20% of it blocked off by construction debris. This lot unfortunately is also the one that we needed to park in as the other one was too far away to park in, but the catch is that you have to either come back by 3pm or come after 8pm in order to find space, as both self-parking lots are used by visitors coming into their nightly lu'aus, and so, there will not be any space for you if you come back to the hotel between those hours. Basically it forces you to valet at the hotel, which is very upsetting (it's very obvious that their valet lot is quite large compared to either of the self-park lots, despite what their resort map shows). I got so upset one day after not finding space at 4:45pm in the afternoon in either self-parking lots that we drove to nearby Whalers Village, bought some food/drink there ($15 minimum), stayed there for 3 hours, and had the car validated and drove back to the hotel at 7:45pm to find a parking space. 3) ROOMS (2 star) - The resort has 3 main towers, we stayed in the tower close to the lu'au and ballroom area. We requested the "Terrace View" room with king-size bed, and the first room they gave us was barely 5 feet away from the elevator area, and was very noisy. Room condition was not good, looked very dark and dirty, bathroom condition was a bit better, but the room was small, and their version of "terrace view" was a view of the rooftop of the ballroom and air-conditioner area! There was a small balcony where you can sit, but it was so dirty that we were sure no one really ever sat there since it looked very dusty and the a/c unit was just outside the room. Also, the sliding doors looked like they were about falling apart, and I noticed there was a cockroach on the window! After spending a few minutes opening the rotting sliding doors and shooing it out, we decided not to stay in this room and requested a room change. Front desk claimed that there were no other rooms with king-size beds available (?), and that these rooms were the "largest" of the rooms they have available, so my wife and I opted for a room with a 1-queen and 1-double bed on the same floor but further down the corridor. This room had the same awful view, but at least was not as close to the a/c unit and was less noisy. Sliding door was not as bad, but still horrible. The room was actually brighter and looked cleaner, and appeared bigger than the one with the king-size bed, so I think they were trying to discourage us from getting this room (since we were only 2 people). The downside is that there was less closet space, and the bathroom was designed for wheelchair-access, but it was clean and big. 4) ELEVATORS (1 star) Their elevator system needs a complete overhaul, their elevators are ridicously slow, and out of 3 possible elevators, it always seemed that the same one was working in our tower (even though there were no out-of-order signs on any of the other two elevators). Fortunately we stayed on the 3rd floor "terrace", so it was a short walk down to the lobby, but it was unacceptable for a resort of this size and rating. It seemed like our tower was not the only one that had elevator problems though, as on the day we left we started seeing some workers fixing elevators in other towers (but we wonder how long it took for them to get to those elevators). 5) DOCTORS OFFICE (0 stars, negative if possible) After hiking in Kaua'i, my wife had a couple of mosquito bites on both legs that had swollen to more than a quarter-size width, and looked like it was spreading and had gotten very red and tender to the touch, so we decided to call the in-house doctor's office from our room one night. It was 8:45pm, and the guest services book in the room stated that the doctor's office was available every day until 9:00pm in the evening. She called the office, and asked if there was a doctor available, and before she can tell them of her condition, she was immediately cut off saying that they were "closing". She tried asking one more time, saying that she wanted to get some information, and yet again, she got another "we're closing" response! Unbelievable. I mean, I understand that we are on "Hawai'i" time here, but I think it's rude and unacceptable for a doctor's office to refuse service to anyone that may need it, especially if they call within the advertised doctor's office hours. Otherwise, what is the purpose of having a on-site doctor's office? After that phone call, I rumaged through my toiletries and found some antibiotic ointment and cream and tried rubbing it on her bite marks, and fortunately, after several applications over the next few days, the marks reduced in size and eventually healed themselves. But it was definitely NO THANKS to the so-called doctor's office at this Hyatt!!! 6) POOL AREA (1.5 star) - This was very disappointing, as their pool area is a joke. For a 5-star resort (as they claim to be), the pool area felt crowded, pool chairs were crammed into every available space possible, with barely enough room to walk around. Plus they had sectioned off an area of the pool surroundings for construction of a new restaurant (hence lots of construction noise which they tried to cover up by hiring musicians singing cover songs during the daytime). Even with all the pool chairs there, all of them were claimed to be "occupied", meaning each and every one of them had a towel on them, even though 90% of them did not have anyone sitting on them. The pool did not look that full either. This was the case for EACH OF THE 6 DAYS we were there. On one day, my wife and I finally found a spot on the outer fringes of the resort (on a narrow and crowded strip of lawn between the walkway to/from Whalers Village and the hotel's stretch of K'aanapali beach--also another joke, more on that later). On another day, we settled on getting just one chair closer by (after we saw one person leaving that area). Lots of guests around us were complaining about "chair-hogging" as well, as it is listed as their policy of removing beach towels from chairs not occupied for more than an hour, but it was obvious that the staff was not enforcing it. 7) KA'ANAPALI BEACH (0.5 stars) - Hyatt must have drawn the short end of the stick when they selected this site on the beach, as they had the least amount of beachfront than the other resorts along the beach. The water laps just right up to the small 3ft cliff containing the lawn area, some spots have about 3 ft of beach sand, but no, this is not what I think of when I think of "beach access". Sure, there is a slightly larger strip of beach south of the main resort and pool area, but it's also considered a public area, so it's visited by the public as well. But as you walk up the walkway behind the resorts and walk towards Whalers Village, you see that the beach front immediately opens and other hotels/resort complexes have larger beach areas for wading, sitting, playing volleyball, etc. I'm giving it 0.5 stars as beaches are natural and the resort cannot control the look and shape of a beach, but the hotel should have compensated by providing a much larger pool area. Even the Marriott further up (which has a nice big beach) also seemed to have a larger and nicer pool area than ours (and I thought they were rated lower than this hotel). As we came to Hawai'i for our honeymoon, we were expecting a certain level of quality and service in a resort, and in Kauai, after staying in the Grand Hyatt, we were extremely pleased. My wife and I are not particularly picky about staying in nice hotels (our main concerns are cleanliness and safety), and we are well-travelled, and experienced hotels in every spectrum, but given how much $$ we are spending on our honeymoon, we expected a certain level of quality and service, as the per-night charge for Hyatt in Maui was the same price as the one in Kauai, but as we found out, Maui is an entirely different beast of an island altogether (more tourist-oriented, people are less friendly, items are more expensive, places are more crowded). If you are a potential honeymooner, then I would suggest avoiding Hyatt Regency Maui and instead go for one of the resorts in Wailea or Kihei, they appear to be less crowded but may be more $$ (but hey, you're spending it on your honeymoon, a once-in-a-lifetime event).