I've been to Maui three times in the past three years, and this was my most disappointing, but most expensive, trip. I've stayed at two other properties on Ka'anapali Beach, and both were far superior in service, amenities, and overall experience. For $1000 a night, I was presented with (a) a TINY suite in which we could barely make it around the room without hitting some piece of furniture, (b) unfriendly and unresponsive service, (c) bloodstained linens (after asking for linens three times), (d) a closet for a bathroom, (e) a mysterious $500 charge for a golf trip that I never booked (apparently, it belonged to the guest before me), (f) a lanai that overlooked the parking lot (even though the room was advertised as an "ocean suite"); (g) a narrow "beach" filled with rocks and seaweed (all of us had bruises on our feet when we finally left this hotel); and (h) an unexplained mix up by the hotel's concierge service, which almost derailed our whale watching trip (the whole point we came to Maui in March). And yes, the construction was loud and distracting. Believe it or not, the list actually goes on, but this review is already getting too long. To their credit, the hotel did provide a $500 credit for my stay there, as well as a bottle of champagne and strawberries (even though the $500 credit would have been eaten up by the $500 golf trip I never took, had I not paid careful attention to the bill). Contrast to my experience at the Westin the year before: Upon arrival, we were upgraded to their luxury oceanfront suite with three private balconies, a dining table, two LCD tvs, two bathrooms (one which was the size of the entire Hyatt suite)--this was all for half the price I paid for the "suite" at the Hyatt. Never ever had a problem with any stains on our linens, much less bloodstains. The service was absolutely impeccable, from the moment we arrived to the moment we left--we had a very late flight back to Chicago (9 p.m.), the hotel provided us with a free room to stay in until we left for the airport. The beach was perfect and rock free--the water is as clear as you can imagine. And Tropica--our FAVORITE restaurant in Maui (and yes, we did visit the famed Mama's Fish House). I brought two young cousins with my on my trip, one of whom was only 14 years old and had never been to Maui before. It was rather heartbreaking for me to have to keep glossing over the glaring deficiencies of the Hyatt in order to ensure that she had the "dream" vacation she was promised. In sum, despite spending enough money to rack up enough points for a free stay on my next visit to Maui, the staff at the Hyatt can rest assured that I will forego any free stay there and invest all of my future trips at the Westin (I intend to come back to Maui every year), where I was treated as though I was spending $1000 a night, even though I was spending half that amount.