The grounds are gorgeous, but beauty is only skin deep at this place. Firstly- it's billed as a 4 star hotel with the prices to match. They charge you for everything- internet access, a crappy "cabana" on the beach ($40 per day) and by Cabana, I mean 2 attached beat up wooden deck chairs with old mats and a beat up cover to pull up to keep out of the sun. The watchdogs that patrol the "cabanas" are quite abrupt stalking over to you repeatedly and asking "did you pay to use this?" and they'll do it several times during your use of them, a different person each time. I've stayed at a comfort inn in bumshoe, GA that offers more freebies (including high-speed internet) than this place did. What absolutely horrified me the most were the COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD. We had vouchers for complimentary breakfast every morning in the pavillion which is the casual, partially outdoor buffet area. On tuesday morning, our second day there I opened up the bread bin to pull out a couple of pieces of bread for toasting and when I took the first piece, cockroaches scattered from the bin. I nearly threw up, and was pretty shaken. I told the staff in the restaurant about it and they threw the bread away, but didn't seen to shocked about it. Needless to say, we wouldn't eat in there again. I also told the front desk about it, and they sent a mgr out who was rude and abruptly told us the dining manager would see us about it and walked away. The dining room mananger was quite concerned about what happened, and thanked us for saying something and told us to use the Swan Court breakfast area for the remainder of our stay, which we did twice, but were really leery about doing so. Another really unsanitary thing is the birds that are all over the place in both the pavillion and swan court. While the hot foods are covered, the pastries and fruit, nor the serving spoons are not. they have birds ALL OVER THEM constantly, and while the birds are quite cute, they're still dirty. The sit on the spoons and pick food off them, they drop their feathers in the food, they sit all over the tables, the chairs, there's [--] on the walls, etc. It's really unsanitary and the staff just says "oh well, there's nothing we can do about it" Well, I can...I won't be staying here again.