We have just returned from a 1 week stay at the Hyatt Regency Maui. The Hyatt Regency is a beautiful tropical property and has such potential, unfortunately this hectic, slightly unkempt, and discourteous resort is showing its age. It was extremely disappointing. and astronomically expensive. The rooms are tired, noisy, and need a face lift. Our room was actually grimy with embedded dirt, soap scum and hairs in the bathroom area. Although I asked twice that it be cleaned more thoroughly, it never was. The staff was often rude and unaccommodating. We lost power 5x during our stay and when we called to have it restored, we were treated to annoyance and indifference. The hairdryer was broken and never replaced, we were charged unnecessary additional fees, our partial ocean front room overlooked a roof, and although part of the additional resort fee included coffee, tea, and lotions, we had to request them, calling twice, before they arrived. The clothes iron stained our clothing, the cleaning staff opened our door at 8:30 to 9 on two occasions but then did not clean our room until I tracked them down late in the afternoon. Calling the front desk was useless, they never followed through. Most of the staff, both at the front desk and pools were surly, unaccommodating, and often rude. . After waiting 30 years for our "dream vacation", I truly regret staying at this property. The pool area was not only crowded, but impossible to relax in between the "pool Nazis" patrolling, the insistence that we wear wristbands, and lounge chairs that abut each other. Breakfast in the Swan was adequate but birds flying freely throughout the atrium and eating off empty tables was a health risk. And finally, because we had a 10 pm red-eye back to the east coast, we requested a slightly later check out time. The request was immediately denied. This property is certainly not worth the thousands of dollars it cost to stay there. It describes itself as elegant and luxurious, but in actuality it is loud, worn, and discourteous. Staying at the Hyatt Maui was certainly NOT paradise.