Very dissapointed, and we usually like Hyatt's properties. The fact this hotel shows up on some sites as a four or five star hotel is an injustice to other hotels with a similar rating. If you think this is a five star hotel you must usually stay at Motel 6s or Super 8s. Alright, you probably sense I didn't think much of the Hyatt Regency in Maui. There were a number of reasons, but let's start with pulling up to the front upon arrival. The entrance does not impress at all. If you've been to other Hawaiian resorts (Maui Four Seasons, Maui Grand Wailea, Kauai Grand Hyatt, etc.) there is no comparison. The lobby is just OK, but the dissapointment really starts with check-in. It's like they think they're doing you a favor to get you checked in, not welcoming or charming at all. It reminded me of checking in at LAX for our flight. At least it set an appropriate tone for the rest of the place. The rooms are poorly decorated, dark, and somewhat depressing. The bathroom was very small and there was no separation of the vanity/sink area to the rest of the room. The outside lounge area had chairs with cushions missing, not to mention the mess from the birds that looked like it accumulated for days because nobody had time to spray it down with a hose. The pool was alright, but too small for the number of people. The beach is terrible in front of this resort, narrow and rocky - unless maybe you like narrow and rocky? The service in the restaurants was fair at best, as was the food. This is supposed to be a top notch Hyatt resort? No way. I could go on and on, but why bother. Look through some of the reviews here and compare them to the Grand Wailea, Four Seasons, Fairmont, Grand Hyatt in Kauai, etc. If you're still willing to gamble with your vacation I wish you luck and maybe you'll enjoy this resort. By the way, we checked out after spending only two nights here and went to a hotel in Wailea. The reason we *had* to spend two nights was because of their 24 hr cancellation policy. Oh, I almost forgot, the breakfast buffet wasn't bad. So I guess I wasn't totally dissapointed. :-)