Let me preface this by saying we are Divers and were in Hawaii to Dive. We travel the world and stay in everything from Motels to 4 Seasons/5 star resorts so we are failry well traveled and aware of what should be expected out of accomodations. Pros: Kaanipali beach Sushi restaurant is great Decent Shopping in the hotel Cons: Mini bar Police! : (dont matter if you have a do not disturb sign on your door. every single day they started coming in to take inventory of that bar. Once walked in on us naked!! Completely unacceptable.) They have those systems where if you just touch a candybar in the basket, it charges your room. So of course not knowing that we were checking a few things out and wham $65 charged to our bill. We got it reveresed. Construction: (so much for our "partial Ocean view" we had to stare at 50 buckets of roof stopleak and listen to these guys sponging it on the roof the entire week. Drink Prices and quality: Lounging at the pool and having $9 rum and cokes is'nt fun. Especially when you cant taste the rum! Pool: Kids, kids and more kids. Nothing much else needs to be said here. If it was our honeymoon that would have bugged me more. No peaceful relaxation to be found at this Hotel. Trust me. Pool is decent size though, unfrotunately not heated. The pool is cracking around pretty much every side as well. Looks terrible. Spa: I will say we had the best Deep tissue massages EVER at this Spa, Norma is a HUGE reccomendation if you go. However plan to pay $160 for 50 mins. Thats robbery no matter how good the massage is. We ate it since we like massage and it is Hawaii. Locker room area fits 3 people comfortably, be aware of that in case you go at a busy time. You will have to wait to change. Relaxation room is a dream. However you can only get about 8 people in it comfortably and it is Co-ed. There was about 12 squeezed in when we got there. We had to STAND! eugh! Ok enough about this resort. I plan to review a bunch more I never had the chance to soon.