I went to Maui for relaxation and leisure. I picked the Hyatt because I was going to splurge on the expensive resort type hotel vs. the 3 star so-so hotel. First of all, if you like quiet, this is not the hotel for you. It is a bird sanctuary and the middle of the hotel is open which mean that birds fly all over and outside your bedroom door. They start squawking at around 4:30 am. Also they have the Hawaiian lounge singers at the lounge downstairs which is so loud that it sounds like they are singing right in your room. I am 38 years old so I am not an old fuddy duddy and it was really loud and obnoxious. The front desk was not friendly but after talking to a manager she reluctantly offered another room to me. It was the room right next to the elevator. Thanks anyway.... The linens smelled like vomit also. I think it was just that they didn't let them dry thoroughly so it was a moldy smell. They did move me to another room which smelled so much better and the linens were fresh smelling. Still noisy, but at least I didn't have smelly linens. Also the Marriott which is nearby is under construction which is very noisy, all day and they start up extremely early in the morning. Overall, it is just a very noisy hotel and for the price I expected so much better. On to room service. The food was so expensive and tasted like your cafeteria food at school. It was awful and for a tiny cup of soup and a side small salad the bill was about $30. I expected it to be expensive since I was staying at a 4 star hotel but this was a rip off. The Swan Court breakfast buffet was really expensive but that food was really good and the view at this restaurant is amazing. Just gorgeous. Worth the cost just to sit and look at the view. The pool was amazing, perfect temperature and so pretty. The waterfalls and pool grounds were spectacular. However do not order food at the pool. It was atrocious. I couldn't even eat it. I tried twice but both times, just gross. I have never seen more beautiful grounds at a hotel and I have stayed at many nice hotels. This tops the beauty category. However, if you are a light sleeper or if you just enjoy quiet, this is not the hotel for you. Certainly not worth the price. Next time, I will stay somewhere else and just walk through the Hyatt grounds to see the beautiful streams and bridges.