We recently spent 4 nights of our honeymoon at the Maui Hyatt and were extremely disappointed in the service recieved while staying there. I should preface this by saying we had spent the 4 previous nights at the Hyatt in Kauai and it was absolutely superb and highly recommended. Being on our honeymoon, I inquired about any possible upgrades and was informed we had booked too expensive of a room class to recieve anything free (first sign of poor customer service--can you believe they would actually tell us that??) but for $60 per night we could upgrade. I asked to see our booked room first. We were shown to our Regency Club partial ocean view room. Our room would more appropriately be called a highway view so I called down to see the other room--which was very nice (although we would later find that the toilet was not bolted down properly and had rocked and squeaked ever time we used it-not very romantic) but upon accepting the new room I was told it would cost $100 additional per night because there was nothing available on the Regency Club level. Instead this room was on a much lower floor--but the manager insisted that he could offer no other rate because he didn't want me to discuss how much I had paid poolside with other guests (next sign of really poor customer service). Beyond this we also experienced poor valet service when we had asked the valet to put the top down on our Jeep (and tipped him generously for) and he failed to properly put it down and we needed to pull over on the highway to redo it ourselves since it was flying up as we tried to reach Hana. Another example of really poor customer service was the flyer we recieved informing us that they would be repairing shower heads and would need access to the room Monday-Friday 9am --3pm. This type of repair should have been handled inbetween guest checkin and checkout--not during guest stays. One last sign of really poor service was the fact that they insisted on calling my new husband by my name even though we had clearly indicated his name on the hotel registry--perhaps a small item but since they handle honeymooners all the time I would expect this to be routine. The hotel itself was ok--perhaps a bit dated--with a nice pool area--but we would never stay here again. The discrepancy between our Hyatt experiences was truly a disappointment and a low point of our honeymoon.