My husband and I stayed here for the last leg of our honeymoon from October 29th through November 4th and we were disappointed. Yes the grounds are beautiful but after staying at the Mauna Lani Bay on the BI we were spoiled. The valet parkers were down right rude and threw our luggage unto the curb, we never used them again, we just self parked. At check-in the the hotel worker, Noah, was defintely lacking any aloha spirit. He kept trying to get us to upgrade our room to ocean view for $70 extra a night and told us those rooms go for $700/night; we later found out he lied to us, those rooms are much cheaper than that plus a friend of mine was staying there the same week and they only wanted $40 a night extra from them for an upgrade. Our room was horrible. The carpet was stained, the bathroom had an order, our partial ocean view was on partial if you leaned over the balcony, the wallpaper was dirty and peeling and our sheets were dirty. We called down to the front desk to have our sheets changed and they came right away but we felt the women were talking about us because they kept giving us looks the whole time. Don't even get me started on the pool area. We had to walk around fro 15 minutes until we found empty chairs at the kids section. We felt like we were at an amusement park, people are practically laying on top of each other at the pool. We did notice that each day there were less and less people at the pool and it was easier to get chairs and the last day the pool was practically empty. The hotel also nickel and dimes you to death. There is a $15/day resort fee that covers 1 hour of tennis, in-room coffee, a newspaper, and the gym. Valet parking is an extra $10 per night. No offense but i shouldn't have to pay $15/day for a paper I didn't want, coffee I didn't use, and tennis and the gym we didn't go to. If people want that than they could charge them extra but shouldn't charge everyone. Overall we just weren't happy at all. Also, the Swan Court was closed for most of our stay but they finally opened for breakfast the last two days. That was beautiful and having the breakfast included was well worth it. We met about 5 other couples on their honeymoons at the Hyatt and all of them hated it and were very disappointed. When we go back to Maui we will definitely not stay here again.