When checking in to the Hyatt Regency Maui, it is customary for the staff to provide their customers with lei greetings. Neither my husband or myself received one, although the couple checking in directly before and after us did. (Not a big deal, but just the icing on the cake to what happened next.) We were told by the front desk that we should take our bell ticket to the bell station and we would be assisted to our room with the baggage. We proceeded to the bell station and were told that no bellmen were available at the moment as they were all delivering bags, but that the next one available would bring our bags up momentarily. After travelling from the East coast of the US, we were tired from the travel and just wanted to take showers and change our clothes. After an hour had passed, my husband called the bell station because our bags had not arrived. My husband then walked down to the bell station and was told that "even if they had the bags there, they couldn't release them to him." They had my husband checking storage to see if the bags were there. Because they weren't, he assumed they were on their way up and came back to the room. He asked me if the bags had arrived while he was downstairs and I said no. It got to the point that we had to speak with the manager before any real action was taken. Turns out they cannot read their own writing and the bags ended up at another room. Way to start out, Hyatt Regency Maui. I was not sure what to expect regarding the condition of the room, as I had read several different experiences here on TripAdvisor. Our room was VERY clean, including the tub which in most hotels seems to be the most neglected area by housekeeping. The bathroom, however was very small and confining. I couldn't even lay the bath mat towel down all the way. The bathroom sink was seperate from the commode and shower, which was nice. This allowed us to get ready in the morning without having the sink mirror steamed up from the shower. Housekeeping did a wonderful job in our room, however as we later found out, they have until 4pm to service your room. This can be a bit frustrating if you use up your towels in the morning and spend the afternoon at the pool. You either have to use wet towels or wait for new ones. A bit of advice-request a specific time for housekeeping for each day of your visit. Our 'Garden View' was more like a parking lot view. We weren't too disappointed since it was quiet at night and it seems most people weren't active after 8pm! The bed was extremely comfortable, probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. I couldn't believe this was a hotel mattress! I slept like a baby every night of our stay. The hotel grounds were immaculate and the staff that worked the grounds were very friendly. Several of the staff whose job it was to water and prune the plants/bushes were happy to talk to us about the plants and answer questions we had. The spa at the hotel was excellent. The staff was a pleasure to deal with and both my husband and myself agreed that it was the most relaxing massage we have had. The spa has a meditation room for post-massage relaxing, complete with fruit and plenty of icewater. It faces the beach and it would have been extremely relaxing if there was not reggae music blasting in from the beach. The spa also offered a sauna, steam room, jaccuzzi and shower facilities in the locker room, complete with toiletries such as mouthwash, hairspray, etc. The only thing I would not recommend with the spa, is getting the massage on the beach. This is done in cabanas with the side facing the ocean open. Not a problem there, but these cabanas are located right along the walking path by the pool. I wouldn't find that very relaxing. We were happy we chose to save the added expense by having the massages done in the Spa itself. I think we tried every restaurant at the hotel and were not disappointed at any time with the meals. The Swan Court breakfasts were wonderful and I recommend getting the breakfast buffet added in to your stay. Everything was good (except for the eggs-but then again I am very picky when it comes to eggs) and they offered a very nice variety of foods.