We stayed at the Hyatt Maui on our honeymoon. We were treated well on check-in and given a free upgrade for a deluxe oceanfront room. The grounds were fairly nice but at the pool area you are packed in like sardines and there is no real beach in front of the hotel. There is a decent beach if you walk just a few minutes down the vast expanse of resort hotels in this area. Not very impressed by the restaurant choices at the resort and they are VERY overpriced (and I live in Boston) for what they are. Would HIGHLY recommend Sansei in Kapalua Bay for phenomenal sushi as well as Nick's Fishmarket at the Fairmont Kea Lani ($$$ but worth it) and Pacifico's right in town. If I had to do Maui over again for my honeymoon I would choose a quieter, more secluded place to stay such as around Kapalua Bay or the Fairmont Kea Lani (this place is pricey but awesome and uncrowded). Now the unpleasant details of our stay at the Hyatt. Our friends contacted the concierge about wanting to charter a fishing trip for us. They were told that the best bet would be a Hyatt gift certificate that could be used toward fishing and then be carried over to our stay at the Hyatt Kauai if there was a balance. We received a gift certificate for $1000 and before cashing it in verified with the front desk that we would receive credit or another gift certificate for the balance upon check-out. What a mistake! Upon check-out we were told that we would have to eat the balance (about $100) and it could NOT be forwarded to Hyatt Kauai (where we would have preferred to use it because it is a much more luxurious, classy place). There was NO manager in the entire hotel that we could speak with at that time and we were told that someone would contact us in Kauai. Of course we had to call them repeatedly before they finally agreed to credit my credit card I had left with them. Three months later and I realized that I was not credited and no one bothered to contact me. Now they refuse to credit me and claim it is their "policy" which we were not told about and was not in writing. They have therefore turned to profit the remainder of a very generous wedding gift from our friends without providing any goods or services. Beware of staying at the Hyatt Maui as they are out to make a quick buck at any expense. Get more bang for your buck and stay elsewhere. I have to note that the Hyatt Kauai was wonderful, beautiful and provided very professional service so hopefully this type of treatment is not pervasive throughout the Hyatt chain.