This was our cheapest stay on a 3 island vacation and we had lowered our expectations of the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel, but this place lowered them even more. Arrived at 11:30AM and our room was not ready and was not availble until 3:30PM. They said they would call us when it was ready, but they never did. We took our own bags to our room and were dismayed to find out that there were no elevators to our third floor room. Our room took our breath away, but not in a good way. It was in desparate need of updating, walls were paper thin, roaches in the bathroom and we believe the room's rug or AC made my wife ill during our stay. That night we had a pricey dinner for very mediocore food and had to wait 20 minutes and order twice for our first drinks. Service staff were not very attentive or particulary friendly--which was a theme of our stay. We were shocked by other TripAdvisor reviews of their Aloha spirit and their claim as "The Most Hawaiian Hotel." If their claim is accurate, it is a sad statment about the Hawaiian people. We did meet others that seemed pleased with the hotel, but to us, these people would have been just as pleased at a tacky Las Vegas or Orlando hotel. As this was my wife's first trip to the Hawaiian islands, she was very pleased to learn and use the new words "aloha" and "mahalo." Suprisingly, both these words were lacking from the staff. We read about the staff's education in Hawaiian culture and their community activities, but their Aloha Spirit seemed forced at best. They did not smile, greet others, or intiate helpfulness. A great representation of this was our 8AM "goodbye" ceremony in they lobby that we arrived at 3 minutes late. They woman leading the ceremony sang good by Karaoke-style and gave everyone, EXCEPT US, a kiki nut lei. She then asked everyone, EXCEPT US, where they were returning to. We waited around for awhile, while she got into a conversation with the last group and I said jokingly, "You forgot about us." She flatly replied, "I didn't forget about you, you were late." My wife left in tears. We will say the Aloha breakfast was nice and very informative. The story behind the canoe that the staff built themselves is touching. The nightly music and hula dancing were great. The drinks at the bar were potent and worth the price, which helped ease our disappointments. We would have been better off getting a condo and fending for ourselves or a more expensive hotel because we would have gotten more for our money.