I stayed here along with many guests in March 2011 for a friend who was getting married in the area. On the hotel website, it advertises itself as Hawaii's Most Hawaiian Hotel. You will notice this fact the moment you walk into the lobby. There are many vendors selling Hawaiian goods like it was a bazaar or swap meet. It is a rather cheesy look and feel. We were put in a room in their Kauai building overlooking a construction site. I wasn't too concern about the view. The air conditioner didn't work because the sensors on the sliding door fell off. I wouldn't lean on the balcony railing because it was wobbly and seemed like it was ready to break off. The room was rather dark and just had a dirty feeling like a cheap motel. The Hawaiian quits they advertise on their beds appear very worn and needs replacement. There are old CRT tvs in the room. If you do not tell them you will NOT be using the safe in the room, they will automatically charge you a daily fee. You can use the safe at the front desk for free. Moreover, I had a room near the elevator so I could hear the elevator go up and down all night. The one good thing about how their property is setup is that we could always find parking and the parking structure is connected directly to the buildings so it was easy to walk to. The location is pretty good if you plan to stay on the west side of Maui. There is a beach walking path in front of the hotel. There is easy access to Black Rock (popular swimming/ snorkeling area) and a couple of strip malls for food, clothes and Hawaiian goods. Lahaina is about a 10 - 15 minute drive. Taxis are not easy to find so a car is essential if you plan to leave the area. The hotel is about 45 minutes from the airport. I hear it is about $100 taxi ride or a $50 shuttle fee but I am not sure since I rented a car. Overall, growing up on Oahu, I didn't enjoy the Ka'anapali Beach hotel at all. The buildings, rooms and decor needs a major face lift. I was not comfortable at all. Everything seems old and appeared dirty. One of my friend's said it just encouraged them to spend less time in the room and more time on the beach.