If you're used to Marriott-level or higher accommodations, this is not the place for you,. We just returned from 5-day trip with our entire family. My husband and I along with 3 little kids booked our flight/hotel stay at KBH/rental car as a package through Costco Travel. We used Costco Travel for our honeymoon to Greece 6 years ago and were very pleased with all the accommodations and transportation arrangements made for the package. After reading mostly good reviews for KBH, we decided to buy the package. Meanwhile my parents and other family members booked condos at The Whaler next door. We were disappointed upon arrival to KBH. More disappointed when we saw our room. Then, after seeing the beautiful condos our relatives were staying at at The Whaler, we couldn't help but feel like we wasted our money on KBH. We can't believe Costco would put that out there. The KBH prides itself in being "The most hawaiian hotel" in kaanapali. Yes, it's lobby screams 1960's tiki hut with it's wood panelled walls and island furniture, in dire need of updating. Apparently, some of the rooms have been/are being updated, but it's just the luck of the draw which room you get. Unfortunately, we had an older room. Hard mattresses. Rough sheets that sounded like paper. One day, housekeeping did not get to our room and came by to apologize in the afternoon, "Sorry we didin't clean your room, we got so busy with all the checkouts." Being a germaphobe, all I could think of was 'bedbugs'. I worried about my little ones playing on the beds, walking on the carpet, etc. It just wasn't homey enough or relaxing for our family with little ones. We've learned our lesson: that we're more comfortable in a condo with a small kitchen and a separate living space from the bedrooms. On the positive side, overall the staff was friendly and helpful. Guest services let us borrow a wheelchair for a few days without charge. The bartender at the pool bar was great and adored the kids. Our package stay came with free daily buffet breakfast for 2 at the restaurant. A nice perk, considering my husband and I didn't want to have to cook or do dishes while on vacation. The breakfast buffet spread varied daily but included a variety of fresh fruit, traditional American food (either pancakes, waffles, bacon, sausage), traditional Hawaiian breakfast (either corned beef hash, sausage, grilled mahi mahi, pork), danishes, bread bar, cereal bar, and drinks--coffee, juices including tropical juices, milk, etc. Our kids have a ton of food allergies, and it was nice to have a variety of warm, hearty food that we could all eat and start our day off with. However, the breakfast does cost $14 per person, and we definitely would not have paid that on our own if we didn't have breakfast as part of the package. The location of KBH is amazing. We've stayed in northern Kaanapali and Kehei on past trips. This was the first time we stayed on this part of Kaanapali Beach and really loved it. Close to shopping, restaurants, beautiful beach, etc. Plus, our parents and relatives were just a walk away next door. They did use our pool because The Whaler did not have a kiddy pool for my nephew to use. So the kids did enjoy the KBH pool. You're also just a short drive to Lahaina, to grocery stores and other shopping, restaurants. Bottome line: it was an affordable travel package. but we got what we paid for. To go to a gorgeous place like Maui, we wish we would've splurged and stayed at a nice hotel or condo. KBH was not for us.