Several things about this hotel attracted us initially. The location, the price compared to the other properties around it and their description as being "the most Hawaiian hotel". We know Maui in general, is expensive. Some things met our expectations and others didn't. 3 weeks later, I still feel as if we were ripped off and that they stuck it to us. I hate having that feeling! We're pretty seasoned travelers too. After re-evaluating, we could have upgraded to another hotel and paid the same or less after all the add on fees and taxes Ka'anapali charges. Breakfast - almost indeible - the fruit is terrible (aren't we in Maui?) and the coffee is out of a box and barely tolerable (c'mon Kona?) Pool - very small Rooms - Decor needed updating, clean but they put us in a "smoking allowed on the balcony" bldg. At night we had to keep our patio doors closed as the people next to us smoked outside all the time. Tikki Hut food - only tolerable and not a good value Parking - The parking spots in the garage are SO tiny, even a VW has a hard time parking without getting door dings. It's a nightmare every time to get into a spot. Fitness - There is no fitness facility at all, so if you do want to exercise, you have to pay to belong to the gym up the street. Keep that in mind as added expense. The Island Romance Package (or probably any package) - a complete ripoff. Be very careful on the fees and and the cost of the car. This is a big money maker for them and terrible for the customer. It looks good when quoted but the car ended up costingus a small fortune. I have never been so angry! Also, we should have had an oceanfront room, but didn't get it. No discussion that I had on numerous attempts at the front desk and guest services seemed to make a difference and no-one seemed to care. They are nice to your face, but there is absolutely NO follow up or follow thru. Read the fine print on all and any of your hotel/package info careully as the cost often goes up from what you were quoted. Be aware that they never add taxes and fees in anything til you get the bottom line - especially the car.