Having read the previous reviews, we were not expecting "luxury" but the KBH is nothing more than a motel with a lot of hype about being Hawaiian. We arrived about 45 minutes before the check-in time of 3:30pm and were told that our partial ocean view room in the Maui wing was not ready as it still needed to be "inspected". That did not seem unusual until we noticed that many others who arrived after us were being checked in immediately. At 3:30pm, I asked why so many other arriving guests were immediately checked in and what was the nature of this "inspection". What a suprise, our room was now available! Based on the previous reviews we inquired about any construction and we were told that the room had been remodeled. It was very typical of a motel quality room. The king size bed was covered with a well worn, faded, Hawaiian fabric printed bedspread. The other furniture was modest to say the least. The sheets were totally too small for the king size mattress and there was no fitted sheet. Every morning we woke up to the sheet off the mattress rolled in a wrinkled mess. Also, they use a blanket type mattress pad that also is not fitted, so it was very hot and bunched up with the ill fitting sheets. Two days before our check out there was a message on our phone that the pest control inspectors were going to be doing their "ongoing" inspection and they wanted access to our room. We had not seen any evidence of bugs or other pests and since we both suffer from allergies, we declined the inspection. The air conditioner broke down and could not be fixed until the next day as another message said that they needed parts that were not available on the island. The breakfast buffet was included in our package. There is a large selection and it was buffet quality food. One day I ordered off the menu as they allowed a $14.00 credit if you did not want the buffet. The ala carte prices are expensive so I ordered the waffle which cost my entire credit. It appeared fine but after one bite I realized there was something wrong. I sent it back and the server told me that she had the chef try it and he confirmed that the batter had gone sour. The buffet is at least fresh as it appeared that most guests had the breakfast vouchers and ate the buffet food. Anything else could be risky. The grounds are maintained by a crew that every morning trim and rake the fallen flowers. However, the area is in much need of repair with the cement cracked and well worn. The Tiki bar has a daily special. One day we went for a drink when the nightly entertainment was about to start. There were some "regulars" who asked the bartender to play rap music in a boombox. We decided to walk to one of the other hotels to enjoy a drink and entertainment. Don't be fooled by the "most hawaiian" hype. All of the hotels in the area have nightly free entertainment in a much more comfortable, relaxing setting. The staff did not seem overly friendly, nor were they unfriendly. Just like any other hotel, they all wear hawaiian print clothing and say aloha. The claim of "Maui's most hawaiian" is nothing more than a marketing strategy. It is an effort to create the illusion of Old Hawaii when the reality is that the KBH is in need of a major facelift. Although it is certainly cheaper than any other hotel in the area, we did not feel it was a value. Our experience is that we did not pay much but we certainly did not get much in terms of quality or comfort. We would not recommend the KBH and will not be returning.