I am an avid Tripadvisor user so when I thoroughly researched where to stay on Maui, I chose the KBH based on those reviews. I guess I will no longer rely solely on Tripadvisor. Stayed for 6 nights. When you arrive at the KBH, you get a cheesy/motel like feel. I am wondering if this is what everyone keeps referring to as the "Most Hawaiian Hotel". I think the word "hotel" is misleading. You have to walk outside to your room, which to me feels like "motel". The rooms are small and functional. The lanai is tiny but adequate for sitting outside for a bit. Rooms are kept clean but I do have to note that the shower head looked like it had never seen a sponge. Kind of gross. The bed was plain awful. We kept talking about missing our chiropractor on vacation. Not a good sign. Sleeping on a slab of concrete would have been more comfortable. Parking is expensive. We chose to self park since valet used the same garage and there was plenty of spots. You have to get pool/beach towels at housekeeping or at a shack on the beach. The towels are no bigger than the bath towels and they make you sign a slip as if you are going to steal them. Our package included breakfast. The Sunday brunch was fabulous and I highly recommend it. I do not recommend the Mixed Plate near the lobby. The food tasted like cafeteria food and the place needs to be remodeled badly. We ate at the Tiki Terrace and we should have gone there every morning. The pool--shaped like a whale but small. Lots of kids floating around and sandy by the end of the day. Never saw anyone cleaning it. The beach--very nice but that shack that gives you towels rips you off by charging you for loungechairs/cabanas. There is a fixed price so if you are not out there all day until 4:30, you get the same price. The lounge chairs at the pool were "free to use". The staff was always smiling, friendly and happy. We never made it to the Welcome Breakfast. Went on a few tours and were given wrong information by the tour desk. Note: It is cold on the sunrise tour to Haleakala--a beach towel will not suffice!! Take 2 blankets from the room. And how can I forget--our wakeup call for Haleakala was 10 minutes late, giving us 10 minutes to get ready for our 2:20 pick up time. Imagine if we missed the tour that we woke up for in the middle of the night. We were also given wrong info about the Road To Hana. Roads were closed, there were delays but nothing major. The location is ideal--within walking distance to stores and restaurants at Whalers Village. Spent most evenings on Front St. Recommend Kimo's--fresh fish, great service, great view. Ate there two nights in a row. Also recommend Aloha Mixed Plate for Hawaiiain food and relief from the exorbitant prices everywhere else. Went to the Westin for spa services. The salon located at KBH looked scary. After walking through the Westin, we were so jealous and kept talking about how comfy we would have been in their Heavenly Beds. We realized that we know what we like and we need to stick to it. We missed the activities at the hotel as we were out exploring on our own. The farewell is a nice touch and we were given a kukui nut lei to wear. I now understand why the KBH is a 3 star but am still perplexed as to how it is so high on the list. I can imagine that it was beautiful back in the day (maybe the 70s). I am putting that I would not recommend to a friend but I would recommend it to a very frugal friend. PS Maui is beautiful!!