Hotel reviews are very subjective. What 1 person may love, another may hate. I will try to be objective here. The travel agent selected this hotel for us. It is the oldest hotel in the area and in need of major renovation. There is peeling wallpaper and the carpet dated back to the 1970's. A rule of thumb for me is you can generally (but not always) tell the quality of a hotel from the condition and decor of the lobby. My expectations were low from the onset of walking in the door at this hotel. Our room was oceanfront on the top floor at the corner. The room had a light switch not fully attached to the wall and no bathtub (just a standup shower); a 20+ yr old tv and just plain aweful. We are an early 40's professional couple and used to staying in luxury hotels. I was not expecting the Fairmont or Four Seasons but I was also not expecting such a dump. I would equate this hotel in quality to a Super-8 or Econolodge hotel - very poor quality. The breakfast buffet was worse than something you would find at Shoneys both in terms of variety and quality. The pool is small and simply unattractive. The property is advertised as Hawaii's "Most Hawaiian Hotel" but I'm not sure why. The grounds are simply plain and the service staff is not as outgoing as at other hotels (again, if you keep your expectations to a Super-8 or Econolodge, you will not be disappointed). The people staying here seem to be split into 2 equal groups from what we observed - those over 65 and those who appreciate budwiser and body art and seem to talk quite loudly. Neither of those groups describe us so the hotel just wasn't for us. As previously stated, reviews are subjective and this hotel seemed to work well for at least two specific categories of people (just not us). The location is outstanding (right next to the Sheraton on Black Rock). The beach is fantastic (it's all public access everywhere here). So, if you're looking for a ratty hotel in a great location - this is your place. After one night, we could not stomach this place any longer. The travel agent said there was nothing they could (more like would) do to help us move and said since we prepaid, all money would be lost and any move would be at our cost. So, the next morning I went to the hotel manager and requested to immediately depart and get a refund of the unused nights. The 1st response from the manager was that she would not issue any refund as the economy was tight and they basically needed the money. She was sorry that the hotel was not a 5-star property but they never advertised themselves as such. After much discussion, the manger agreed to let us check out and issue us a refund for the unused 3 nights. (We moved next door to the Sheraton where the hotel and grounds are incredible). When we return from our vacation, I will post pictures of this hotel.