Fist thing we saw was a front counter with worm holes and termite droppings lying in the holes. I would've thought they'd have at least vacuumed those out. The front desk was nice enough at first until we'd slept overnight; beyond the wall was an elevator which was opening and closing all night and keeping my wife awake. When we went to ask about changing rooms, the day staff (couple of young girls) were quick tempered and short with us. Rather than have a confrontation during our vacation, we decided to go. We seriously considered changing hotels and taking the extra charge for dumping the remainder of our reservation, but we found it was impossible to get a hotel room on short notice. The room itself was okay, although the bed was uncomfortable and the "partial ocean view" was one of those you stand on your tiptoes at the edge of the balcony to see the ocean. The rest of the view was the wall of the adjoining building. The shower was apparently made for wheelchair access and drained toward the room instead of the drain, so it was always wet. The beach is nothing to write home about, just brown sand, but there are multiple signs up along the boardwalk warning not to go into the water because it's unswimmable due to sudden drops, rocks, waves and rip currents. The restaurants are better; the buffet breakfast we had every morning at the Mixed Plate was as expected although--again--termite droppings in the windowsills next to the booths. The Tiki Terrace had pretty good fare, as expensive as eating out in similar restaurants at home. There's also a burger shack next to pool bar, very expensive, but decent enough. The pool bar is unremarkable. Courtyard entertainment is enjoyable once, then it's the same every night. It's local musicians accompanied at times by (older) hotel hula dancers, through an awful sound system. If you rent a car (and you should) then parking is 9 bucks a night in their gated lot. The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it's close to other hotels so you can enjoy their superior pools and decor. And, I should mention the Kaanapali was less expensive to stay, so we could spend more money on other activities. With time we got used to the cut-rate ambiance, but after 5 nights we were tired of the doldrums of this expensively cheap hotel and were both glad to leave.