We are just returning from our honeymoon, and the last leg of our HM was a 5 night stay on Maui, particularly Ka'anapali Beach Hotel. We spent a lot of time deciding where to stay on each of the three islands we were visiting, and decided on KBH for its value and good reviews received from various sites - including this site. So, as I read them after returning from there, I am surprised at the difference between ours and others' experiences there. First, we arrive and check in. We are a little concerned with the dated look of the lobby, as we had just finished up in Kauai in a gorgeous resort. That said, we knew we had to put our prejudices aside and keep an open mind. To compare the two places is wrong. I had read about some parts of the hotel being more updated than others, so when we were checking in, I asked about this, and the lady at check-in advised that we would be staying in one of the wings that were renovated, but that this renovation was not recent. We requested to have a safe in the room, so they had to change us out of our original room and put us into another that had a safe. Although some guests may not use the safe, why not just put a safe into all of the rooms? Not to mention there is a $1.50 a day safe usage fee. Not a lot, but come on... So the hotel is motel style and we are in the Lana'i section on the 4th floor. Our view from our front door is a view of the dumpsters and the overbearing smell of laundry detergent. Yes, laundry detergent is not a bad smell, but it was strong and it clashed with our view of the dumpsters. I read another review that this place will undergo multimillion renovations, which is great...while taking the elevator with another guest, he said that in his area, the elevator was making funny noises and he didn't want to risk getting stuck in such an old elevator. Our ocean view from our lanai was limited. We had stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki with a supersaver rate with limited ocean view and that view was better than the view we "paid" for at the KBH. And yes, it is truly a Hawaiian hotel, and maybe it doesn't have the funds to upgrade the pool at this time, but how can it be referred to as a resort when the only pool on the property is in the shape of a whale? It is great for families and those with kids, but for us as honeymooners, laying out on grass near a whale shaped pool just didn't cut it. The staff for the most part was super friendly and all smiles. This made us feel a little sad bc they were so nice and we were just not enjoying the experience. When we were in the room, we tried to call the front desk and was immediately put on hold for awhile. My husband was the one on hold and he memorized their theme song from being put on hold for so long. We finally just hung up. We called guest services to ask about towel service and lounge chair service for the beach, and she didn't know much about it. (In their defense, it might have been that particular employee just being lazy, as the following morning we went in person to ask and the person there was helpful and pleasant.) Also, a few weeks prior to leaving for the honeymoon, I had sent an email inquiring about their safes in rooms and I never even received an email back from them. The rooms were clean. No way were they updated in any way, but they were clean. However, the safe area had a mildewy smell when we opened the door. We loved the lady who was stopping by to turn down the bed - but we didn't get macadamia nut cookies like others mention in their reviews...we got Hershey Kisses... Now don't get me wrong - we are no way snobs, but we also wanted to enjoy the last days of our honeymoon. Staying here meant counting down the days until it was time to leave. We called our travel agent to arrange to finish the rest of our visit at another hotel. We gave this place a night to see how we felt...but it was just not for us. Many things that other reviewers seem to be raving about - albeit little things, but little things that "make" a stay that much better - we did not receiver. No warm welcome greeting with leis, no glass champagne flutes for champagne ( tho we did receive champagne), no native treat at bed turndown time, not one stinking upgrade from what we had selected even though we were staying there for five nights and we did choose and ocean view, no nice little surprises at all. Not saying that our love could have been bought, but we would have felt a little more welcomed. But I guess it was all for the best, as it made it that much easier for us to make the move out of there after the first night. Jen, New Jersey