First, let me say that I was so excited to stay at this hotel after reading all of the wonderful reviews on trip advisor. I was really dissapointed that the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel was not a better hotel. Good Points: 1) The front desk staff was friendly. 2) People seemed to be enjoying themselves out in the courtyard playing with the giant checker board Bad Points: 1) Mildew / Unhealthy Room Odor: The first room we were given had a heavy mildew smell. The mold/mildew smell was so overwhelming that it triggered my mother's asthma. I was supprised that the hotel would actually try to put a guest in that room. That room should have been closed off and bleached down. It was uninhabitable. To the hotel's credit they gave us a room in another building. Unfortunately this room also had a mildew smell. The smell was no where near as bad as the original room, but there was definately a strong odor of mildew. My mother tried to tolerate the smell, but the previous room had already triggered her asthma and she needed fresh air. She could not tolerate the mildew/mold odor and we had to leave the hotel. 2) Poor functioning Room keys: This was just an annoyance. We had a difficult time getting the room keycard to work. In fact, another guest came by to try to help us open our room. She said that her room keycard also had the annoying habit of not working from time to time. 3) No Internet Acess: This as also an annoyance. I guess I never realized just how much I like having an available internet connection. It comes in especially handy when you need to search for a new hotel. 4) Profit Grabbing: The front desk staff smiled and told us in a very friendly way that we would have to pay for one night's stay at the hotel despite their rooms having a strong Mildew odor. I explained to the front desk staff that my mother has asthma and that the Mildew smell in both of the rooms was triggering her asthma. However, they refused to give us a full refund. They charged me for one nights stay. Does it seem fair to charge a customer for a night's hotel stay when the air in the room is so full of mildew that it is triggering an asthma attack? I don't need marble bathrooms or fancy surroundings but I do need a clean room with breathable air. This hotel was a disappointment.