My husband and I stayed at KBH 11/24-11/30. This was our third trip to Ka'anapali in the last three years, having previously stayed at the Westin and then at the Whaler. We booked the KBH and our flights together through Travelocity (and as explained below, I'll NEVER use Travelocity again). Let me say that my husband and I did not expect a 5 star experience at KBH, and we're very low maintenance--as long as a place is clean, has a good location, and we don't have any "logistical" issues, we'll be happy. We're not into over-the-top, elitist service, and I don't think I've ever complained about a hotel room (other than when I've received a smoking room). I had reserved a king, non-smoking, partial ocean view room. Travelocity called KBH directly to make these arrangements for this wedding anniversary trip for me. The Travelocity rep even told me we would probably receive a room upgrade at the time of check-in. KBH knew it was our anniversary because we received a split of champagne and a note. We arrived Thanksgiving day around 4:00 and were not greeted with a whole lot of aloha, despite reports to the contrary from others. We were then told that the only room available was a first floor room with two double beds--not at all what we reserved. I asked if anything with a king--or even queen--was available, and was told no (after the gentleman scanned all reservations and determined he would not break up groups traveling together in order to find us the type of room we reserved). We then asked if we could be moved when one opened up, and he told us he could move us on 11/26 and then would have to move us again on 11/28---so we would have to change rooms every two nights. Not being happy with this, I called Travelocity--you know, the company who advertises that all you have to do is call them and they'll make it "right" (see, e.g., its ads in USA Today, in which it uses "right" in every sentence). After 1 hour, 9 minutes, and 21 seconds of talking to a series of 3 Travelocity reps who told me it would cost Travelocity too much money to resolve the problem, and who seemed bothered to have to even speak to me, I ended the call (with a very elevated blood pressure). The rep called me back during what was to be a relaxing dinner on the beach to tell me that I could be moved every two days--exactly the pathetic solution that the front desk had offered me hours earlier. Travelocity may have good rates, but don't go with them--I got a very strong impression that those rates are based upon receiving the bargain basement, leftover rooms--which probably also explained why KBH had no interest in helping us out. Travelocity was no help, and certainly didn't make it "right." Its money would be better spent improving customer service than on "clever" advertising ploys. Our room, room 124, was dark, the bathroom was ridiculously small--you nearly had to stand on the toilet to get the shower door open (a bit scary, with some mildew, etc., throughout), the carpet was dirty, the ceiling tiles were stained, and although I've stayed in many oceanfront hotels and condos all over the country, this was truly a laughable "partial ocean view"--if you pressed your face up against the glass sliding door, you could sort of make out a sliver of ocean . . . . The room was in serious need of an upgrade. In any event, I decided we would just take our chances with the offered room moves, and get on with enjoying our vacation. The next morning, 11/25, we went to breakfast at the Mixed Plate (decent, but not great, and it's the same food every day, which gets old). When we got back to our room, our key card didn't work. My husband went to the front desk, and they reactivated it. He walked back to the room, tried it again, and it still didn't work. He walked back to the front desk, where he was given a new key. He walked back, tried the new key, and it didn't work. We went back to the front desk and explained it again, and they said security would be called. We walked back to the room and security arrived a few minutes later with the "master" key. He informed us that housekeeping had called about the door the prior day and reported that it didn't work---but apparently they decided to place us in the room despite the key entry system not working properly!! He also tried to explain that this was a new key system, and that they were having some problems. He said they would have to call an engineer, and that they would have to enter our room to examine the door. I told him that was fine, that we were leaving to run some errands (this was early--about 8 AM) and if it could be fixed by the time we came back, that would be great. We drove down to Lahaina and picked up some things at Safeway, Long's, etc., and returned. We lugged our purchases up to our room, only to find that our key still didn't work! We went to the front desk, they called security, and he told us that they hadn't been able to enter our room because the "kapu" (i.e., do not disturb sign) was on our door. I reminded him of our conversation, but he said that's their rule--they don't enter rooms when the sign is displayed. So he called the engineer and he and the engineer were in our room for about 30 minutes fixing the door (which was not exactly conducive to changing for the beach, etc.). They finally fixed the door. During this whole key fiasco, a gentleman at the front desk told my husband that we were moving to a new room that day, 11/25--which was contrary to what we had been told, 11/26. I went up and asked a woman, who told me that my husband was clearly mistaken, it was 11/26. When I told her that a man had told my husband that, she said it was the manager, and he was simply mistaken when he told my husband that--she said she had heard the manager say that and wondered why. I asked to speak to the manager; she went into the back room, and without any introduction, apology, etc., the man/manager came out and bluntly said "It's not today, it's tomorrow." I was a little taken back by his lack of, well, tact and customer service, and explained that we had not exactly had a great experience since we'd arrived. He just sort of looked at me, told me we would be moved on 11/26, and would not have to move again (also contrary to what we had previously been told), and as I walked away he sort of mumbled "sorry." We did move on 11/26, to room 214. The room was just as shabby, but being on the second floor was a nice change, and we were slightly closer to the ocean . . . so if we walked out onto the balcony and leaned forward around the floor-to-ceiling privacy fence, we could see the water (!). The rest of our stay was fairly uneventful, but a few more items pretty much sum up our experience: *We received some sort of broadcast voice message from the hotel staff nearly every morning--warning about dangerous ocean currents, etc. One morning there was a message notifying us that they would be entering rooms that day to spray for insects, and to call if we didn't want them to do so in our room. I called and asked that they not spray in our room, and the woman seemed quite put off. I know that properties have to keep up with this type of maintenance, especially in tropical climates, but it should be their responsibility to do so during room turnover--not on my time with my personal belongings and toiletry items in the room. *On our last full day there, we had (just like every other day) left the do not disturb sign on the door. When we returned from our activities for the day, we were surprised to find the sign removed, our bed made, and a note on our bed. Apparently, despite their "rule" about not entering rooms with the privacy sign displayed, they saw fit to enter the room and ensure that we knew the name of our housekeeper (presumably so we'd know who to tip). Unbelievable--guess the rule re: not entering rooms is only followed when convenient for them. *On the one rainy morning we had, we stopped by the concierge desk on our way out to see if they could provide any weather info. I know they had probably been asked a million times, but that is their job . . . The man at the desk sort of looked at us and then said "It's gonna be like this all day, honeybuns" and then went about another task. I'm really very laid back and not at all conservative, but #1--honeybuns?? And #2, he didn't even make an attempt to give us weather info---it cleared up mid afternoon and was beautiful the remainder of the day. Not too interested in helping us with the weather, obviously (but they seemed very willing to help folks who wanted to arrange for paid tours, etc.). As others have said, the KBH has a great location. It is cheaper than surrounding properties (Sheraton, Whaler, Westin, Hyatt), but for the money, you are far better off staying somewhere else. I did like the live music, etc. every evening, but you don't have to be a guest to wander in and enjoy it--so stay elsewhere and stop by for entertainment if you like. KBH does take what appears to be a genuine interest in the Hawaiian culture and educating others about it--which I greatly commend--but perhaps it's time for its owners to start putting some money back into the property so that it doesn't fall into total disrepair and disfavor. The current state of the property is a shame. I know I will return to Maui--and probably Ka'anapali many times; but unless I see substantial improvement, I will not again stay at KBH (particularly not at the current prices). By the way, I know we're not the only ones who had a bad experience at KBH last week--I'd love to hear from some of the large group of University of Wisconsin football fans who were staying in our building and were none too happy about their shabby rooms and their "garden" view (i.e., staring at a fence) rooms.