We just got back from Hawaii. We were there for almost 3 weeks in July and Aug. This was one of our least favorite hotels - we stayed in 6 others of comparable price. We noticed that they tried to put everyone in the absolutely awful wing facing the Whaler condos. It's the only wing in the building with rooms that don't face the interior and the ocean. It was so gross, I didn't even shower in there. After 4 trips to the front desk and a call to my travel agent, we were finally moved to a room that cost the same. It was in the Maui/Lana'i wing. It was a ton better - updated in the last 10 years. The other one hasn't been touched in what looked like 30 years. The lobby of this place is down right dreary - low ceilings, dark walls, dirty. This was the only place that made us pay for lounge chairs on the beach - $10 a day! I'm not taking about the fancy, umbrella cabanas. I'm talking about the plain old plastic lounge chairs. $6 a day to park. $1.50 a day to use the safe. $5.00 for a children's hot dog at the grill - and that doesn't even include chips or a drink. No way should this be advertised as a family resort. Yes, the beach is beautiful. If you like to snorkel it's right next door the the Sheraton's Black Rock, which is great. But I snorkeled all over the island and found tons of other wonderful spots. The slope of the land on the Ka'anapali coast is really steep. Which means when the waves come onto shore they give a beautiful splash, but that splash soon turns into a strong undertoe. Children could really only use about 10 feet of shore before the 2 foot slope. The bays just 10 minutes north of Ka'anapali are much more children friendly - and they had great snorkeling up there too. Once it got dark this place shut down. They only lit a couple of torches around the bar and left the rest of the resort dark. Other resorts are all lit up, people are gathering around, and the very warm pools still have people swimming in them. This resort only had the bar area. When we were booking our trip we couldn't get accomodations here for all 6 nights and were disappointed that we had to start our trip for the first 2 nights up the road and the Aston Ka'anapali Shores, which cost about the same. Boy, did we mess up. The Aston was tons nicer. Tons.