It is unfortunate that I feel the need to write the following unfavorable review. We first stayed at the Maui Eldorado three years ago based on the recommendations of others and were very pleased at the end of our 10 day stay. We recently stayed in your facility from May 18-May 31, 2011 only to have the end result be disappointment. It started with the end of our first night wondering how our feet had gotten so dirtyonly to discover that the carpet in the unit was completely filthy. As our stay continued we learned that vacuuming only takes place every other day which seems unsanitary when you are in an environment of sand and water on a daily basis. Also bathtubs and toilets apparently dont get cleaned on a regular basis either. The microwave turntable in our unit (k106) was broken so food did not cook right and the DVD player only worked when it wanted to. Finally about 3 days before we were ready to leave I decided to read some of the reviews on-line to see if it was just me or if things had gone downhill as bad as I felt they had. I read some of the GM's responses and was surprised to hear him say if only guests would have let the staff know they could have received better cleaning services or a different room. It seems to me there would be a standard set for the cleaning services that the property would want all of their guests to receive and a standard minimum condition for all the rooms. We also had a situation where we were told that our air conditioner would need to be serviced from 10-noon the next day and we needed to be out of our room, so we were. We returned to receive a message that the service people did not show up and we would need to be gone the next day from 10-noon, so we did. When we returned at 1:00 to have lunch in our room we were interrupted because the service people came at that time instead When we checked out I did speak with the staff about some of the concerns only to be told the cleaning services have changed and now only include changing the sheets once in a while and taking out the garbage and bringing in clean towels. This is not at all what your guests are aware of when they purchase your services. One last thing, we had a surprise concert sprang on us without any courtesy of notice. In one of the reviews in April when a guest complained the GM said he would talk with the manager so that it would not happen in the future. It must have slipped his mind. I think all guests are asking for is just a courtesy notice that it will be taking place. Its very sad that next year we have to look for a new location.