Booking easy on the web but self check in needs codes, they only send against docs and credit card copy by fax. I booked on saturday. They are unreacheble evening/night and in weekends. I arrived tuesday. Monday was holiday in London, so no way. Left a message in the voice mail for getting the codes by sms, arriving late afternoon but no result. Luckily landed early, still in time to call by phone and get the codes. Keys are in a safe, the door could not open: I managed eventually, a pin was worn and did not work properly. Emergency number attend courteously but they range of activity is limited. If not in real emergency and call at night you are charged 50 pounds (beware!). First impression was "save by all means" although the structure and the apartments are not in bad conditions. It smells mould in the entrance and there are apartments on ground floor and ONE UNDERGROUND that is number 1 (BEWARE!). I would never take less than second floor (I had second floor in fact) Living and kitchen are quite ok, but we could not get the washing machine to perform a drying program the second time. There was a curtain on the window, removed and not replaced (pity, such simple detail). The staff for setting clotehs for drying was broken, so simple to adjust, only one screw missing but....no screw.. Bathroom has a shower, water just warm, the boiler is modern and should be set at 55-65 C but is set at below 40 (saving reasons?) . Shower should have a glass and the basin is so unreasonably near to the corner of the wall and too close to the towel dryer (good idea, little small, cant use properly). Simple redesign of the bathroom (glass- basin type size and location, more space for towels) would make of it a nice bathroom. Bedroom is very small (acceptable at limit) and bed is HORRIBLE. The mattress absolutely need to be changed (all springs are out...) and the wooden bars underneath are short for the size of the bed so they collapse at places. Tryed to arrange but suffered all the time. Bed sheets and towels are quality and size of poverty (was it luxury apartments right?) and it would cost nothing to give a couple more towels and decent sizes. Internet did not work, called wednesday morning, they said they knew and it was going to take 1-2 dasy to fix (!?!?). Called again on thursday it was fixed friday afternoon (only reboot the router....why not in an hour time?). Finally we liked the location (super) but we would definitely never return there. Unless they decide to go for the improvements. I wrote them, see what happens....