I stayed at this hotel for two nights with my high school tour group in March 2011. When we arrived, there was some confusion with the room keys, and which rooms boys and girls were in. My room was on the top floor, and after climbing 3 normal-sized flights of stairs (with my suitcase) i encountered a very narrow, almost spiral staircase. My friend's bag (thankfully not mine) got stuck in the stairwell (that's how narrow it was!), and she needed help to unstick it. After finally getting to our room, we opened the door to find that the room smelled very strongly of sewage, even with the window wide open! We waited, hoping the smell would go away. It didn't. My roommates and I were disgusted with this. I swapped rooms with another girl, however there were still three people staying the night in there. Thankfully my new room was just down the hall. This room didn't smell like sewage, thank goodness! However, the bathroom did smell strongly like moldy pipes, which, after a hot shower, made it almost unbearable in that tiny bathroom! Room was also dirty, and although the furnishings were new, the window was old (i'm talking wooden, single pane) and the curtains were ripped and had stains that looked suspiciously like blood! My roommates and I felt the need to do a bedbug check, and although we didn't find any, in my opinion you shouldn't feel like you have to check for bedbugs at the hotel you're staying at! Breakfast was nothing but toast and jam! I do understand that European meals are different from North America, but really? Just toast, and orange juice. I can't go until lunch on two pieces of bread. As far as the thefts i've been reading about, nothing was taken from our room, and we did have to leave our bags behind the reception the second day, so that when we returned to the hotel we could simply put them on the coach and go. On the second night, the three girls in the room with the sewage smell were moved, much to their relief. The hotel did acknowledge that there was a problem, and said that it would be fixed the next day. (I never went back there so i'm not sure if it was actually fixed. Overall, do not stay at this hotel unless you are on a very tight budget, have a good lock on your bag, and don't mind dirt and smelly rooms! I will make sure never to stay there again!