Since I don't speak French, I couldn't read the only other review of this hotel, but from the pictures we may have had the same room and felt the same way about it. My husband and I arrived at this hotel by hired car. The driver was doubtful that we had the address right and kept saying, "Are you sure the hotel is in THIS neighborhood?" The other nearby buildings had windows that were boarded up or hung with sheets. He literally seemed hesitant to drop us off. Not a good sign. Since this was our first trip to Europe, we thought maybe the outside was not indicative of the inside. Prepared to be good sports, we rolled our suitcases into the lobby. The receptionist was pleasant, but the desk/office area looked like a college dorm room - papers, magazines, boxes, etc. were strewn around. We checked in and went towards the elevator, only to be told that someone had recently broken it. I don't think so. Expect to carry your bags up and down the stairs. The stairs and hallway were carpeted and really dirty, like they hadn't been cleaned or even vacuumed for quite a while. We walked past an open door where clean sheets and towels were stacked on carpet that looked to be in the same condition. Our room was decent sized with a double bed. The furnishings were "early IKEA" but appeared clean. The bed had a flat sheet over the mattress, and a top sheet, comforter and towels were laid out on top of it. I guess the idea was that we were supposed to make it up. OK... There was a stand-alone closet and a little cupboard with a very small TV and a coffee maker on top. There was mold and water stains on the walls. The view out the window was of the parking lot, unless you looked the right and then you got a view of the dumpsters and someone's yard filled with trash. The television alternated between snowy color and snowy black and white. It got 6 channels, 4 of which were the same BBC station. The bathroom was huge, but mostly bare floor. The tub had a hand-held shower nozzle and hook for it on the wall that it didn't fit into. Our first realization that many Europeans take sit-down showers. We're not exactly old, but it wasn't all that easy getting in and out of this tub, and hard to avoid getting water on the floor. There were plastic packets (think ketchup) of soap and shampoo. The toilet was difficult to flush, especially if there was anything more than liquid in it (sorry.) My husband took to pouring water into the bowl from the tub to try to get it to flush. When he filled the sink with water to shave, it leaked at the bottom and made a pool on the floor around it. Maybe that's why there were no electrical outlets in the bathroom! There were 2 in the bedroom; one conveniently behind the bed, and the other on the wall outside the bathroom door. So much for actually seeing what you're doing if you try to use a dryer or curling iron. Speaking of which, we were surprised to find there was a not a dryer in the room when we had though the website said there was. My husband went online and found that there was a note saying you had to ask for one at the desk. Sure enough, one of the boxes back there was full of big black hair dryers. After having spent some time making the bed the first night (I know it's not a big deal but I was tired and a little cranky after traveling all day, and the bed wasn't all that easy to make since it was against the wall) I was disappointed to see that the next day we came back to find the same layout: bottom sheet on and folded top sheet, comforter and towels. The third day, we came back to find the comforter actually pulled up - yeah! Until I pulled it back to find the top sheet wadded up underneath it. Oh well. We appreciated the clean towels, and tried not to think about them being on the floor in the room down the hall. The breakfast was interesting. Again, we hadn't been to Europe before, so we were trying to go with the flow. What we were offered was two kind of bread and a toaster, jam and butter, a plate of sliced cheese (which we noticed most people piling on their toast in place of jam or butter,) muesli, milk, orange-colored water (Tang?), hot water with tea bags and packets of instant coffee. It wasn't bad, just somewhat unusual for us. We enjoyed the muesli and toast and went elsewhere to find coffee. We never did get used to the Nescafe. We found a treasure just down the street on our second night back: a Polish bakery with delicious pastries and such. We bought cinnamon rolls and blueberries at the market next door and ate like royalty the next morning. Finsbury Park, across the street, is a lovely little park and looked like it would be a nice place to jog (during the day.) There was a pair of swans and 6 cygnets in the pond that were delightful. This was rated a 3-star hotel on the TravelBound website. There is another hotel with the same name in a different part of London. Maybe it's nicer - we never went and checked. This one is way up north, and is a fair distance from Heathrow and the center of London, though there is a metro stop 3 blocks away that is convenient. It was by far the worst hotel we stayed in on our trip.