I am a Turkish who has been living in Amsterdam for the last four years. I wanted to celebrate the new year's with friends so I booked this hotel for 5 nights. I followed Tripadvisor for my trips but never had the chance to write-but my experience urged me to start writing..There it goes.. I have been to many small hotels in all around the world but these rooms are extremely small. You cannot possibly stay in these rooms if you are a couple! If you bring one suitcase, then the room is completely full. I (for the first time in my 30 years life) had to ask to change our room. The staff is helpful but the capacity is limited. Therefore we were placed to a relatively bigger room (still not managed to walk around at the same time). I asked them why they had to make the rooms much smaller and found out that in order to get 4 starts you should have at least 80 rooms, so the management decided it would be better if the guests stay in mouse traps even it was a four star! There is a bar/caf at the back of the hotel and they play very loud music all night long. When I say loud-(again I remind you I am a Turkish at the age of 30-so I am used to sleep late and the noise coming through your window) But the thing is it was so loud that we could not even watch the TV. When we complained about the noise which continued non-stop until 02 am, they said they can only offer another room to spend the night because the bar actually was rented out to a third party by the Hotel and they have no authority of the management. So in the middle of the night, we had to go to another floor (in our pyjamas) to be able to sleep (at least for the rest of the night). On the first floor my mom stayed. There is a very strong scent that takes away all the pleasures of Taksim and Istiklal Street. We had to ask my mom to be placed to another room as well. I never had to see so many rooms of a hotel in one go! So all in all, I would definitely not recommend this hotel-avoid at all cost.s There are many other hotels around the same area-which you could enjoy your stay-or at least sleep properly. Is hould mention that the staff was really helpful, but the management..it was one of my worst stays thanks to them