Must say that rating this as a 5 star hotel is a scam. Starting however from the positive side: the room was rather large, modernly equipped and stylish. Bathroom was even luxuriously large and well equipped. The location is also pretty good, stating that the hotel is on strip is not really true, but it's close enough to conveniently walk to strip and there's also free shuttle service to strip. Then on the negative issues: we had made the reservation for 4 people (2 adults and 2 kids). When we got into our room around 11 p.m. we noticed that there were bedsheets, towels etc only for 2. We called housekeeping and they brought extra bedsheets and made the bed for kids. No towels however, so we requested them again from the housekeepers. They promised to bring those. At 1.30 a.m. we were woke up by housekeeping bringing another set of bedsheets (?), still no towels... Next day we asked from the reception if we could get two additional towels as well as bathrobes which there had been none. We also complained having the room prepared only for 2 even though the reservation was made for 4. They replied that according to their systems the reservation was only made for 2. I double checked the reservation and in my confirmation e-mail it says the reservation was in fact made for 4. During our 3 night stay we never received the promised bathrobes. Towels we did receive after the first night. This in itself is not acceptable for a 5 star hotel. But the worst thing, and the reason why I will never ever go back, is the noise from the nearby going trains. For some reason the trains use their horns when passing by and in practice that meant waking up every night every couple of hours... Talk about relaxing vacation and sleeping well... Afterwards I read some other complaints of the noise and recommendation to get the room as high as possible to avoid the noise. Wish I had read this before. We were staying on floor 34 and that obviously was not high enough. Also one minor thing, but something that should be in order in a 5 star hotel, is cleaning. Even though the rooms were rather clean all the bathroom lamps were covered in dust. As a summary, I would definitely not recommend this hotel when there are plenty of other good (cheaper with better quality) options nearby.