I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Trump Hotel Las Vegas while attending a convention. The hotel is very easy to find and doormen and front desk staff was very friendly upon my arrival. While checking in, I was offered an opportunity to upgrade my room from a city view to a strip view for an extra charge, but since this was a business trip I declined this option. Upon arriving at my room, I was very impressed. Everything was first class. King size bed, flat screen TV, a sitting area with a sofa, two chairs, and a coffee table. The room also had a little stove, microwave, and a great little fridge. The evening view was spectacular even though it was a view of the city and not the strip. I ate dinner at the hotel which was very good. They had a $29 special that included an appetizer, main course, and a dessert. The smoked salmon appetizer was excellent and the portion was so plentiful, it could have been served as the meal. After dinner, I visited the Wynn Casino which is about a 10 minute walk. I returned to my room for a good nights sleep, or so I thought. I was awoken 3 times that night, and every other night of my stay by the passing train. Even though I was on the 44th floor, the horn from the train was so loud, I might as well have been on the ground floor. I've stayed at airport hotels that are right next to runways that were insulated better than the Trump hotel. I can not believe they did not take this into consideration when designing and building the hotel. After a very long day of being on my feet all day working at the convention, I needed more than 2 to 3 hour intervals of sleep. Our company had 5 rooms in the hotel, and all of my colleagues said they were also awoken by the train. Upon checkout, when I was asked how everything was, I told him about the train and the staff member showed no concern and just said "next time, tell us you want a room away from the train." Are you kidding? If the hotel is aware of a noise issue, they should make every effort to correct it or at least move their guests away from that area and not charge them extra by offering it as an "upgrade". What should have been an excellent hotel is now one of the worst hotel experiences I ever had. Unless you are a very heavy sleeper, avoid the Trump Hotel.