I will first mention that I took advantage of a promotion that the Trump was running at the time I booked this (back in February, for the September stay) and it is almost as if I was punished for booking a good deal by being put in a substandard room. If you do not want people to book at a promotional rate, then do not offer it! If you do offer a promotion, then one should get the same experience as someone else booking at a higher rate. I have been to Las Vegas many times and decided to give the Trump a chance, even after reading about there being no casino and located a couple blocks off-strip. There were three of us traveling together and the reservation indicated this. Check in was fairly smooth. I had asked for a higher floor away from the side the train was on, based on several reviews, but was told I was already assigned a room on the 18th floor, but it was pool side (away from the train.) I was concerned to find our room was right off the elevators, and indeed the elevator noise was problematic when trying to sleep. Also, if you want to nap during the day, the pool noise is horrendous. Upon getting inside, we discovered our room had only one plate and two coffee mugs, two forks, knives, spoons, one sauce pan and not much else in the way of kitchen supplies (they boast a full kitchen/kitchenette depending on the room, supposedly with all necessary items and since we booked for three, you'd think they would stock the kitchen for three!). The sofa bed was not made up, nor were there any sheets in the room to make up the bed our selves (again, with three people, the sofa bed was going to be used!). So the first call down was to the front desk to get the bed made up and the necessary kitchen items. Then we realized the suit case stand was broken and would not stand, nor were there any robes in the room, as advertised. So I called again to get a replacement stand and the robes sent up. Also the $20 per day resort fee supposedly included bottled water but of course, there was no bottled water in the room so we called again (call number 3). (We got our TWO per day...great for the three of us....NOT!) When the gentleman arrived to bring us dishes, we told him there was no ironing board in the room either (basically notification #4). All of these items are clearly mentioned in the room description, but they were not in our our room for some reason. What was humerous is that there was a call from the front desk shortly after arriving and she left a message, but was clearly oblivious to the issues we were having; she was just conducting the routine post check-in courtesy call. On top of this, the room we were assigned was a handicapped room, (which we did not ask for, nor want) and the closet railings were so low my dressess dragged the bottom. I could not take a shower, as the "adjustable" shower head did not go higher than my chest. There were some other minor issues, like a broken handle on one of the drawers, not enough towels being left in the room on the last day, along with no floor mats or wash cloths at all the last day....etc. There was enough to know housekeeping has no attention to detail, which one would expect in this hotel. For the record, I did go to the front desk to speak to the manager, but the front desk person "ran interference" and I never got to speak to a manager directly, so am not even aware if anyone knows of all these issues. I do know that no one followed up with us after the numerous complaints. (I had stayed at another hotel once where there was a minor parking issue that I didn't even mention, but "somehow" the manager became aware, sent a personal note of apology and asked me to contact him directly if I had any other issues during my stay. Nothing remotely like this at the Trump.) It seems to be a common response to be asked to give them another opportunity to make the next visit a more memorable one, but I will not do that. I feel that I was there for three nights (I should've checked out after one, but was hoping they would redeem themselves), and given the circumstances you think they would have gone out of their way to make the remainder of our trip "memorable", but they did not, so I feel they missed the opportunity to change my mind. They did waive the resort fees, however, which was the least (literally the least) they could do. I make 2 to 3 Vegas trips per year, but will not be spending any of them at the Trump.