Stayed over Labor Day weekend, with wife and 3 kids between 5 and 8 yrs. old. Room was booked for us as we were there for a wedding reception dinner that was to be at the Palazzo. Room had a layer of dust. Microwave and decent size fridge were awesome. Kitchen overall though lacked plates, dishes, utensils. Two wine glasses, two plates, a small bowl, and a teapot was all that was there. Sleeper sofa was positioned directly under the AC vent so that the draft constantly blew onto the children with no way to adjust the angle of the vents. Walking across the street to the mall is a dangerous endeavour, especially with small children since there is no streetlight only a crosswalk over about 5 fast traffic lanes. Not many dining options in the hotel: poolside bar/restaurant, Trump restaurant, and room service. Ala carte breakfast for family at Trump restaurant: about $100 w/tip, nothing special; omlette for me; bacon/eggs for wife; chocolate pancakes for kids; hot chocolate and coffee for drinks. Got room service second day because didn't want to run-for-life with 3 kids to mall across the street, about $85, not including tip. 3 12"pizzas, buffalo wings, cheese sticks. Pizza was really good though! The pool was not really great for kids. It is mainly for adults that want to lounge, drink, read, and check out other people. I didn't feel comfortable having my kids playing in the water because there were so many people with drinks or books in hand in and around the pool that didn't want my kids disturbing. System for "connecting" rooms for 1 bedroom suites at the end of the hallway was a pain if you only have one of the rooms...basically you are required to go through two keycard doors to get into your room since there is an outer door to the mini-waiting room/access area that is shared by both rooms. The doorbell which is on the other side of two doors, to our room did not work. We could not hear people knocking on the outer door so we would have to coordinate with phone calls before hand if someone wanted to come to our room. Jacuzzi was very nice. TV in bathroom mirror was neat but remote would not work from the distance of the bathtub. No audio/video inputs to room TV. Clock radio ipod dock a plus. King bed very comfortable, sofa sleeper incredibly uncomfortable but thankfully kids are able to sleep on rocks if tired enough. I would not stay here again if making the choice myself. The Palazzo and Wynn had a nice system of walkways to go between hotels...the Trump seemed to be a little too removed from everything with not much to offer itself and what it did offer was over-priced.