Let me preface this review by saying that all of my complaints would be minor if they had happened in isolation and if our friends hadn't also had problems. AND I take full responsibility for not doing my usual control-freak research on TA. And, I brought home a story that will have me and my friends laughing for years (once we are able to remove certain disturbing images from our brains) ...And there were some positives: 1. Fantastic massage at the Spa 2. Really comfy beds. However: 1. We booked a "Strip View" room through Priceline, however when we checked in, we were informed we had a "City View" room. When we told the desk clerk we had paid for a Strip View, he said that Priceline doesn't book rooms correctly (or some nonsense) and that we didn't really "pay" for a Strip View. Uh, excuse me, but we DID pay extra for a Strip view. We just paid Priceline, not you. If you dont like how Priceline sells your rooms, either fix it, or dont do business with them. Not my problem. We got to the room and were disappointed with the so-called Strip View, but it is what it is (we had a great view of Nordstrom and Treasure Island and could see the pool if we pressed our faces up against the window). 2. Surprised to find there were no robes, only three towels (the kind you would expect to find at a Holiday Inn-and not a nice HI), and no bath mats (my husband slipped and fell on the marble floor getting out of the shower--law suit waiting to happen? I think so!). The next day (after being told we had to call IF we wanted our room cleanedumwhat??) we actually received nice big bath sheets, and bath mats. Then, while searching for a Spa menu (unsuccessfully), we read that the rooms were supposed to have robes. So we asked the concierge to send some up, she said she would, even asked if we also would like slippers (um, heck yeah!), but they never arrived. ON the upside, we did have a blender and a salad spinner. 3. Food & Beverage issues were too numerous to detail here and I really dont want anyone to miss.... 4. THE HIGHLIGHT OF THIS REVIEW: And then there was the waitress who recommended we try the Spearmint Rhino club for breakfast. We thought, hey, we're in Vegas, why not go to a "gentleman's club" for breakfast--should be fun, right? And this waitress, who looked like a librarian (its always the little librarian types, isnt it? The little minx!), said they had the best breakfast in town. Soooo I don't know what we were expecting (some sort of Cheetah Club/Waffle House hybrid?) but what we got was a low-rent strip club that was so dark we literally could not SEE the dancers, but what we COULD see was the skeezy guy next to us enjoying a Happy Ending with his lap dance. No joke. Hence the cloak of darkness I suppose. I guess you really CAN do anything in Vegas. And I'm supposed to EAT in this place? Ugh. So we hightailed it out of there and went to the Wynn for breakfast (which was fantastic). Thats 40 bucks and 20 minutes of my life Ill never get back. **OH, message to the cute little under-age stripper who was trying to join our table...call your mother sweetie, or Facebook her, Im sure shes worried sick about you.** Anyway...point being, when I'm staying at a Five Star hotel, I do not expect to be sent to a low rent strip club for breakfast. If I want a little nudity with my hash browns I'd rather go to Waffle House and peruse a Playboy. This place gives a whole new meaning to "scattered smothered and covered"BUT again, as I am always a Glass Half Full Girl, this experience generated a lifetime-worth of laughs for us and our friends. But still...yeesh... 5. Day three, we were back to the Holiday Inn towels. What happened to my nice big bath sheets? Those were really nice. And still no robes. My husband spotted IVANKA TRUMP walking through the lobby with her entourage. I wonder if SHE got a bathrobe? I doubt it, because apparently, according to the Hotel Manager, they had a big Magic Convention coming to the hotel in the near future and he admitted that all the robes were earmarked for them. Uh...What The....? He did graciously offer to upgrade our friends and family to a larger suite if they ever come to Vegas. Nice offer, but I would never recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Vegas to gamble, experience the nightlife, etc--it's just too removed from the action and there is no "action" at this hotel whatsoever (it's a non-gaming hotel which we stupidly didn't realize until after we booked non-refundably...yes I know that's not a word). I'm not even going to go into the security issue our friends had (he has also promised a TA post and I'm sure he'll address THAT goat rodeo). Next time, I'm paying more and staying at the Wynn or...well...ANYPLACE else.