In the past thirty years, since I was a wee little one, I've been to Las Vegas over 50 times. I can say that this particular stay was probably my worst. I still managed to have a good time, but no part of that was due to my stay at Trump. The basics... Pros: Hotel lobby is nice. Staff is friendly (even when not competent, they were all very friendly). Room was relatively clean and well appointed. Location is decent. Not on the Strip, but close enough. Easy to cut through Nordstrom's and the mall during business hours, otherwise a short walk. Cons: EVERYTHING ELSE. No really, everything else was horrible. Check-in at 3 pm? Not cool. We arrived tired after a drive from LA at a little before 11 am and were told a room wouldn't be available until 3. "Can you please check or call me sooner?" Nope, turns out they couldn't, or they wouldn't. It wasn't too much to ask either. Just call my cell when a room comes up, and I'll be back. The person who greeted me, who obviously wasn't paying attention or didn't care, actually suggested I wait in the restaurant. For over four hours. With a five year old. Really, lady? I kept checking in and finally got in at around 2:30. I have never, ever in the history of staying in Vegas not gotten a room within an hour of arriving, tops. And that's rare to even wait. Resort fee? Only "resort" with five stars that charges such a fee. If Bellagio doesn't charge a fee, neither should you, Trump. Other hotels? Venetian, Wynn, Ceasars, all have better facilities and don't charge on top of their regular room rates. A swimming pool and one restaurant does not make one a resort, my friend. We've stayed in resorts in other cities. Recently, in fact. The ones that charge such fees (justifiably so) include things like internet access. Unlike Trump, who charges $12 on top of the $17 resort fee. Pool? One of the biggest duds of all the Vegas pools I've experienced. Pool staff was friendly, but two drinks took twenty minutes to arrive and cost $20 (one wasn't even alcoholic). Train? Loud. Yeah, it's loud. Maybe it's not loud from certain parts of the hotel, but from our room, it was loud. Room? Relatively clean, but my poor kid went into a sneezing fit when he picked up the tv remote from the shelf below the crookedly mounted tv. Layer of dust that was thick. Had to call for maintenance twice. Once the jets in the tub didn't work (and the worker left a caulk gun, a spare tub sensor - they apparently go out often - in the room), and the second time because the TV in the bathroom wouldn't turn OFF. Valet? Probably the worst aspect of a crappy stay. When I first arrived, instead of informing me that check-in wasn't for hours, they happily took my car. I walked in with my bags and was told no check in, so I left the bags with the bell desk and went back outside. It would be nice if someone communicates with the valet stand so they can let people know that they may not be able to check in. And then I waited ten minutes for my car. Which, mercifully, was the shortest wait time at valet for my trip. The longest? Almost 30 minutes. No joke. In fact, the icing on the cake was when we were finally leaving (and happily leaving) and I commented to my better half at how happy I was to not deal with the valet anymore - a valet steps out of a car and says my last name. "Uh, that's me. That's not my car." You guessed it, another five minutes after the fifteen we were already waiting while he went searching for the correct car. I think in the two days we stayed at this hotel, I spent a cumulative hour and a half waiting in front of the hotel for the car. Minimum. They need to just allow self parking. I understand this valet service is part of that fantastical "resort fee", but is it really worthwhile when it's this much of a hassle? When the staff at the desk told me to go wait in the restaurant (four hours, with a child, natch), my gut screamed out, "Grab your bags and drive across the street to one of the hotels you've enjoyed in the past. Just do it. Eat the cost of this hotel stay, it's not that much. You won't regret it." I decided to go against my gut and give the hotel another chance. I should have gone with my gut. We go to Las Vegas every year for NAB and at least two other times for pleasure. No more Trump for us.