The Trump International hotel is suppose to be a five star hotel. At that level, I rate this place as zero. If it was a four star hotel it would get it to a four rating. We stayed the week of Thanksgiving and had good mix of very few people prior to Thanksgiving to crowded the weekend after Thanksgiving. The housekeeping is horrible. It has been a long time since I have been grossed out by hotel and they managed to routinely pull it off. On the first day of arrival we discovered stains on the bedspread. In addition, the coffee cup had lipstick on it. Note singular coffee cup. It seemed odd to have only one of everything when we reserved and checked in as couple with one year old. Due to the mechanical issues with the room, we were moved to another room. This room had a bad smell. Housekeeping also confirmed the room smelled terrible. Their solution was to spray their magical bottle of room freshener and chemicals. We had to search for the smell to find it was a dirty dishwasher. It took us several times running to clean. It should have been housekeeping cleaning the dishwasher and not me. I am not sure why they would consider giving our rooms in such poor condition. We needed to have the bird feathers removed due allergies. I understand this can be unusual. However, it has been years since I have seen it become an ordeal. We had to call house keeping multiple times to get them to show up. Then call more times when they could not figure out what removing feather material meant and just left to not return. On the mechanical side, we tried to use the stove the first morning. After three calls and an hour someone was there to reset the circuit breakers and get the stove started. 30 seconds after he left it quit working. We called and waited for him to come back a half hour later. He admitted that it was operating wrong and he had never seen this before. He was able to reset the breakers and get it running again. To his credit we waited a few minutes to make sure it was running correctly. About a minute after he left it broke again. After the third call, the front desk offered us to switch rooms. After we switched rooms, I noticed that they moved someone else in to the old room within a few hours of moving us out. Given how long it took to reach the mechanical person. I am skeptical that they fixed or replaced the stove. If you expect to use whirl pool tub or stove, I would suggest checking it works as you enter the room and definitely before you buy groceries. In the second room we were given, one of the showers would not get hot enough to be comfortable. Luckily there are two and we left it as close enough as we only needed one to work. I am not fond of resort fees but, they were very upfront about the $15 addition when we reserved. However, it is taxed so closer to $17. We were able to get some value out of it with the pool. However, I would rather have lost it gambling somewhere. The valet parking which was included in the resort fee was mixed. It was great early in the week when no one was there. We would get our car very quickly. However, there were several misses. When leaving the hotel at a busy time around 7pm, we had a 20 minute wait for the car. To make things worse, this is a non-smoking hotel and all the smokers would collect and smoke where you wait for your car. Not being a smoker, I really enjoy the non-smoking aspect, but did not like the full smoke out waiting for the car. The professionalism of the valet is debatable. Once while waiting for the car, we saw the valet squeal the tires of another car they were taking to park. We did not have anything stolen, but it was obvious someone had gone through our glove box. At one point we were stuck behind another car waiting for management to investigate their car they claimed was damaged by the hotel. There were points, I thought the valet was nice and other times I just wished I could walk to my own car. The wireless internet is not included in the resort fee. This is the one thing I actually would have voluntarily used the resort fee was an additional $12 per 24 hours. I did not know they allowed dogs in the hotel. Surprised to see quite a few small dogs. This may make some happy or unhappy. For some reason, I had the impression this hotel was on the strip (Las Vegas Blvd.). This is not the case. The sidewalk between the hotel and the strip is limited and it is almost a 1/4 mile. For normal people in good shape this is not an issue. For someone with a one year old a stroller it is a problem. In some spots the sidewalk is gravel and there are several curbs without ramps. The shortcut is to cross the street and walk through the mall. However, this only works when the mall is open. In general, the location is not that bad if you able to walk or take cabs. If you are willing to accept three/four star quality and the room rate matches those hotels, then I would recommend this hotel. If five star is expected than I would not recommend.