I booked 9 rooms for the company for a conference in Las Vegas, some through Priceline others through Hotwire. The rooms were booked in advance and prepaid. One of the rooms was booked for an employee who no longer works for the company so one day before check-in I called Hotwire to amend the booking. Hotwire indicated that they could not change the booking name but recommended to get in touch with the hotel directly to let them know someone else was going to use that prepaid room. I called the reservations desk and they told me clearly that they could not change the reservation name but could add the new occupant as an extra named guest on the reservation so that he could use the room and check-in. I therefore added that employee's name to the reservation. When that employee arrived, there was no record of the amendment and they refused to give the room to him. I have now tried all day to try to fix this problem but have been bounced around all the departments at Trump without result. I called reservations first who listened to the situation and could not even find the reservation in the system. I had to get the Hotwire confirmation number and was then sent back to reservations who found it but told me they couldn't do anything. They transferred me to accounting, the wrong department as I didn't want a refund but for the empoyee to get his room (he's staying with another employee in the meantime) We just wanted the room for which we paid in advance in full, all resrvations were on the same credit card. I was transferred to someone else in the reservations department who listened to the whole story again, and couldn't do anything. I was then referred to the reservations manager who only seems to have voicemail and hasn't called back. After hours of London-Las Vegas long distance phone calls, I have not been able to resolve this problem. I have been unable to find a single email contact for this hotel or the details of any management personnel. I would therefore recommend against using this hotel for any type of multiple business booking (i.e. conference)) as there is simply no support in case of problems with a reservation and front desk has final say over any matters. My guess is that they get so many complaints from leisure visitors that they have shielded management from any contact with customers and that's why it is impossible to get in touch with someone who knows what they are doing. Having now read some of the reviews on this site, I must admit that I would probably do the same...