Where should I start? I recently stayed at the Trump while attending a conference in Las Vegas. I chose the Trump because it was a non-smoking facility that was not on the strip. My sixteen month old baby and husband accompanied me on the trip. We checked in on Wednesday and checked out on Sunday. During our 4 nights at the Trump, we had to be moved three times. We checked in around midnight and by 6 a.m.,we were up because the hotel had decided to begin construction that early in the morning. A loud jack hammering sound woke my son up and he refused to go back to bed. We asked to be moved and we were moved to a new room. When we walked into our new room, it was filthy. There were crumbs on the counter, lint all over the chair, the furniture looked beaten up, and my toddler found leftover orange seeds embedded into the carpet. I was appalled and asked to be moved again. In between our second and third move, the fire alarm went off. Frightened out of my mind and sleep deprived, I grabbed my baby and began my journey down the stairs from the 56th floor. On the 28th floor, we were turned back and told that it was merely a test. We moved into a room on the 40th floor. This time, no bellman came to help us with our luggage and we dragged our things down ourselves. The room on the 40th floor was no better. My toddler found an old, moldy toothbrush under the nightstand and an old McDonalds cup and straw that had been left by someone who had stayed in the room before. Exhausted from moving and not having slept enough, we decided that it wasnt worth it to request another room. We spoke to the manager and the best he could do was waive the $11 internet fee and the $15 a night resort charge that we had not even known about when we first booked the hotel. This hotel is not a four star hotel. The housekeeping staff seems to be overworked or underpaid. The rooms are not clean. My son spilled cheerios on the carpet and for the four days we stayed in our third room, the cheerios remained there. Think about this before you book your stay at the Trump.