My husband and I recently stayed at the Trump during a business trip to Las Vegas. I was disappointed with the location, because to do anything, you must go outside and walk to shopping, dining or a casino. The Trump has one restaurant and a poolside snack bar and has no casino. I am not a wimp about walking, but the location did get annoying as the trip progressed. The rooms were fine, nothing special. The pool area looks similar to one you would find in your local gym with more seating and probably a slightly larger pool. My biggest problem with the Trump was the service. If this is the service one expects in a five star hotel, then I will happily stay at the Red Roof Inn. After being out of my room from 8:00a.m. to 2:30 p.m. I returned to find my room uncleaned and a message waiting for me. Housekeeping said they could not clean my room because the do not disturb button was lit. I explained to them that no button at all was lit because it was broken. They offered to clean my room immediately. I said great, I would go to the gym for an hour. After my time at the gym, I was starving but found the poolside snack bar was closed for a private party. Since I was very hot and sweaty, a trip outside the hotel for food did not seem like a good idea. I decided to take a shower and head out in the world for food. I got back to my room and it was still not cleaned. I called and they started talking about the light again. I explained that it was broken once again and they agreed to clean immediately. After a half hour of waiting, still no housekeeping. I went to the pool to get clean towels and threw my dirty towels into the hallway. After my shower I called housekeeping again. Once again we had the discussion about the light. They brought my towels, picked up the old ones out of the hallway and offered to clean my room. I told them I had to get dressed and dry my hair first. To make a long story a little longer, when my husband and I returned to our room around 10:00 p.m. it had still had not been cleaned. I made a call to housekeeping and just begged for some coffee for the morning. We talked about the light again, and I told them to never mention the light to me again. They did show up with the coffee and offered to clean the room, but I declined. Housekeeping was actually not my biggest complaint! We started out on the wrong foot with the bell desk at the beginning of our trip. My husband asked them to bring up packages to our room that had been delivered for his business meeting. We went down to the desk the next morning and they retrieved our boxes from storage, handed them to us and never offered to deliver them to our room. We were on our way out, but trudged up to our room with several boxes unaided. On the morning of our departure we called the bell desk to pick up our luggage. We had a ton of it because this was a multi city trip. After fifteen minutes of waiting we carried the luggage downstairs ourselves. I went to the bell desk and asked them where they had been. The bell captain looked confused so I said never mind. I did then ask him to retrieve our golf clubs out of storage. He brought the golf clubs to the bell desk, and then three bell people stood by talking to each other while I wrestled all of our luggage outside. (my husband was in a long line checking out). I thought they liked to help people so they would get tips, but it must work differently at Trump. I was actually making quite a disturbance trying to muscle the hard shell golf carriers out the revolving door, but no one saw fit to lend a hand. I would be really upset with this hotel if we had not only paid $114.00 a night for the room. We paid an economy price for economy service. You can get a room now for $89.00, and that is close the rate of a super budget hotel. You won't be disappointed with the service! If you want a real five star experience without a casino, try the Four Seasons at the other end of the strip. It is the top floors of Mandalay Bay, so it is convenient and a truly beautiful hotel.