My girlfriends and I haven't traveled together since our kids were born and were excited about a weekend reunion at a 5 star hotel. Expecting to be pampered by great accommodations and customer service we were appalled by how we were treated during our stay and afterwards. We arrived on a Friday evening and called from dinner to have the sofa bed turned down for us. (All the standard rooms all come with one king and a sofa bed. Since I was sick during my visit, I opted to sleep in a separate bed. Since they have no rooms with two doubles, that left one us to the sofa bed.) When we arrived back from dinner 2 hours later, the sofa bed had yet to be made up. Several additional calls later, someone from housekeeping finally came. Unfortunately, she made the bed wrong and did not give us a sheet - which meant I was forced to sleep with the comforter directly against me, which is kind of gross, considering they don't generally wash those things. We were too tired to try to call housekeeping again and I wasn't sure if that was just the way they made up beds at this hotel. I should have known better. Every time we called housekeeping we were automatically put on hold and eventually had to connect through the front desk. Needless to say, I didn't sleep that well. The bed was bowly and lumpy - but what can you expect from a sofa bed, I suppose. On Saturday, we left our room at around 11:00am and called housekeeping again to have our room made up. When we came back to our room at 3:30pm, no one had come. Once again we had to go through a song and dance to get someone from housekeeping. Someone finally came at 5:30pm. When we came back from dinner around 10:30 - surprise, surprise our room had not been turned down. Given that I was sick and running a fever, having to wait for housekeeping yet again to go to bed really stunk. After a few more calls, the floor manager finally arrived to convert our sofa bed and acknowledged that the sofabed had been totally made up wrong. She apologized and said that the hotel's occupancy rate for that night was the highest it had been since the hotel opened. I gotta tell you - that's no excuse. Rooms are booked in advance. Staff up, people. Sunday morning when we went to shower, we realized that housekeeping had not even touched/cleaned the shower area. Our shampoos and soaps had not been refreshed, and there was hair in the drain from the day before. When we checked out on Sunday, I complained at the front desk, Peter was sympathetic and offered to comp the meals that we had charged to the room, which I appreciated. He also offered an upgrade on our next visit. Given that I booked through hotwire and prepaid the room, there was nothing he could do in that department. When we were at the airport, my friend who was staying with me realized she left her ipod charger in the room. She spoke with Peter and he assured her that it would be sent out to her. It is now 1 month later, and she has had to call the hotel almost every other day to track it down. She was passed between the front desk, security, shipping...and everyone had a different answer as to where the charger is. She was told several times that it had been shipped. She was also told that UPS wouldn't accept it because they couldn't spell the work "Patriot" which was part of the address. She was even asked for her credit card number on several occasions, even though it was made clear to us that the cost of shipping would be covered by the hotel. Just today, they admitted to finding the charger which was lost (guess it wasn't really sent like she was told) and said that it was being sent to "shipping." Needless to say, we are not holding our breath. I was shocked at the lack of respect given to us as customers. I definitely expected more from them. We will not be back free upgrade or not. I would not recommend staying here to anyone. So much to feeling pampered.