6 of us stayed 2 nights in 3 rooms. The main problems with this hotel are 1) The hotel is right next to a freight train line that goes all night and the soundproofing is totally inadequate 2) rooms vary, especially in size of bathrooms but not in price 3) location - it feels quite a walk to anywhere and has views of a construction site We all had serious problems with the train noise. It is not just the trains, it is the blowing of their whistles. A friend described it as "as if the train was coming right into the room". No one got a full nights sleep. I slept at most 3 hours, listening to trains from at least 2am-5am, and then woke at 7am. The 2nd day I asked to be moved and was initially told this would cost an additional $40 as it was considered an upgrade. When i pointed out I should not have to pay extra just to get a quiet room I could sleep in, the manager was consulted and I was moved withuot charge. However this turned out even worse as the air con unit had some sort of loud droning buzzing noise that was especially loud in the bedroom. It could be heard over the TV. As I had moved rooms quickly before going out for dinner this wasn't apparent until I was in bed late at night and trying to get to sleep. It was so excessively loud I called the front desk. They offered to send someone up to " see what it is and if it could be fixed" but I got the distinct impression this was unlikely. They then agreed to move me but only on the condition I packed all my belongings up and took them. Given it was midnight by this stage and I was incredibly tired, I suggested that they should let me simply move somewhere to sleep but they insisted that my belongings could not be left in my room 'unattended'. Err ....isn't that what happens when you go out during the day? I begged them but the were adamant - pack up to move or stay where you are. I was so exhausted from no sleep the previous night I decided to cram the earplugs in & try to get to sleep. After an hour or so I finally did - apart from trains waking me up twice at 3am and at dawn and then finding the buzzing noise making it very hard to get back to sleep again. Unsurprisingly I was not at my best when I got up the next morning. Other points: Location is an issue as it is at the far end of the Strip and feels further given it is set back down the road. You can cut through the Mall across the road which helps. Room size varies. 2 People got roms with tiny bathrooms with showers over the bath and no shower curtain. If you do stay here a) don't pay too much - there are better options for the price b) Ask for a quiet room away from the trains and do not accept having to pay extra for the privilege c) use the Mall as the short cut to get anywhere The only plus is that the rooms are equipped with a kitchenette, including coffee making, fridge, microwave and stove top. I do like being able to make a cup of tea or coffee in the morning. Overall this really spoiled my stay as I was so tired both days I had less energy for walking around and sightseeing, and could barely make it through dinner.