This hotel is extremely nice. The dcor and ambiance of the hotel is so contemporary and modern. The rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable and the location is great even though its quite a distance from downtown Memphis (approx. a 20 minute drive) the hotel sits on the parking lot of a small shopping center with many different shops and restaurants surrounding it and there is a nice mall directly across the street. However, the customer service is totally unacceptable. The Guest Attendants were unprofessional, uncaring, and rude. Our checking in experience was continuously interrupted by either the phone ringing and the Guest attendant handling the callers needs prior to ours, other guest returning to the front desk upset because they were sent to a room that had not being cleaned, or the Guest Attendant rudely walking off to handle something else in the middle of handling our check-in process. The policy of this hotel is check-in time is 3:00 however, when I made the reservations I requested an early check-in time and also called when we arrived into town to be certain that we would be able to get into our room early the attendant told me that our room would be ready around 2:30 or 3:00. None the less, it was almost 4:00 when we arrived to check-in when we finally received our room key after a long drawn out check-in experience we went to the room only to find housekeeping there cleaning the bathroom. Therefore, once again we had to wait until the housekeeper finished before we could get in. The next day I called Guest services to request additional towels I was told the towels would be right up well I never received the towels I saw the Housekeeping cart down the hall and went and got my own towels. There are two elevators in the hotel and they are pretty slow and hot, hot, hot. None of the attendants wore name badges which is poor customer service in itself. Although I love the warmth and comfort the hotel offers at the end of the day the unprofessional staff has caused me to never stay at another Hyatt EVER!!!