We were contacted twice by reservation agent Sarah following our phone inquiry regarding a stay at Parrot Key. The first call was a follow up call and the second was a call with an offer to prepay two nights at $159 + a $25 resort fee each and receive a "resort credit" of $50 per day. First tip: these people have caller ID and they use it. My guess is that Parrot Key's percentage of return customers is pretty low and they probably rely on nonrefundable prepay package bookings to stay afloat, thus the aggressive sales tactics. We were enticed by the too-good-to-be-true offer and promptly booked a three night stay. Our mistake was not researching this property more thoroughly. Parrot Key is nestled between a Home Depot, Walgreens, and a host of other chain establishments and located nearly three miles from Duval Street on the busy US Route One. It is in a very poor location due to surroundings and noise. I was not even able to find a cup of coffee to start the day in this neighborhood. After a 15 minute wait for the front desk agent in the makeshift lobby, we were handed several lose Xeroxes of the restaurant menu, list of rules and fees for breaking said rules, and an out of date map of the property and a key to our King room. I was quite disappointed to find we were located on the 1st floor in a room with dirty grout on the floor and in the shower. In their brochure, Parrot Key describes the property's rooms having "spectacular views" of the pool and waterfront. Our room, a pool view, overlooked a plywood structure and mangrove trees. I couldn't see the pool at all. We immediately returned to the front office and requested a change of rooms. We were given a much cleaner two bedroom suite in exchange and it was the saving grace of our stay. The 925 square feet almost made up for the nonexistent waterfront view and noisiness of the busy interstate. Unfortunately, we were unable to use our two patios as the noise from external air conditioning units and traffic from road completely prohibited any relaxation outside the unit. Singh resorts owns the Parrot Key resort, along with a handful of others in the Florida area. The night we were forced to park in the Walgreen's parking lot next door really piqued my curiosity on the motivation of these people regarding their business practices. Clearly, they make little effort to disguise their lack of commitment to service once a guest at their properties. There are only 74 or so parking spaces for this 118 room property, not to mention that some of these units have two or three bedroom. The "restaurant" is open only 6 1/2 hours out of the day (11 to 5:30 PM) and serves microwaved fish (where do they actually cook this stuff? kitchen is outdoors with no real cooking facilities), there is no jacuzzi or hot tub on the property, and guests who don't check out at 11 am are charged a $50 an hour fee if they aren't checked out by one and a full night's stay thereafter. Guests who violate the no smoking rules are charged a $500 PER DAY cleaning fee, and don't expect the luxury of daily housekeeping. Trash is emptied and towels are delivered on a daily basis but that's the extent of it. This place is woefully understaffed, cramped and definitely not a resort or hotel. It barely qualifies as a motel. I am certain staffers are padding these reviews. Do yourself a favor and spend a little extra if you are looking for service, much less luxury ...