I stayed at this hotel last summer with my family and this was definitely the single most unpleasant vacation hotel experience I have ever had. Let me just point out that when my family and I stayed here last summer, we called Parrot key before booking a room to make sure that they had a working TV in the room. (*Note: We were looking forward all day to watch the Olympic soccer game that night in which one of the two countries playing was our home counry. Yea, now you know why the tv was so important to us) We were assured a confident yes, and we booked the room through phone and we got there pretty late on a weekday. The room was decent(I remember it was kind of expensive though compared to other similar hotels in the area, but this one was the only one with an available room). As soon as we got there, we eagerly turned on the TV, and it didn't work. So we call the reception desk and they told me they would send someone. No one came. We then call again. They tell us the mechanical guy left for home so the receptionist would come herself soon. Oh what a surprise, she doesnt show up, so we wake up the next day and try to talk to the manager- shes not in, so the reception dude asks us what we were having a problem with. So we tell him the tv problem then he tells us that it was our fault and that the tv was actually working. Really? Really?? No apologies, whatsoever. I have never been treated this way for something they were negligent for. I mean, the least they couldve done is have one of the employees just come in for a minute and show us the "right" way to turn on the tv. COME ON STUPID PARROT KEY EMPLOYEES/MANAGER, it doesn't take an Einstein level genius to work a TV-- I highly doubt we were turning it on the "wrong way." and after I specifically asked them before booking the room if they had a working TV, I could not believe they were so rude and inconsiderate in handling the situation. I was almost resigned to the situation and just decided that this was an unfortunate hotel experience, but I called the hotel again later that day to speak to the manager and get a sincere apology and a partial refund. However, one of the employees refused to let me speak to the manager, and was unbelievably rude. Wow, thinking about that experience now makes me mad even today. You are much better off spending that money for another hotel in Key West.