To quote my husband Mr Singh must have a very large extended family to get this hotel ranked No. 3 on the list of hotels in Key West. We booked this hotel through booking.com for one night on a road trip around Florida with the intention of seeing Key West. Please note this hotel is at least 6k from Key West and they do not provide a shuttle. We were surprised to find the hotel was essentially located in what was a shared parking lot with the adjacent Walgreens. This was all the more amusing as when we asked what the $24 dollar resort charged covered - car parking was was top of list (did they not notice the rather large and free car park next door). Not only was our query in relation to the resort charge met with derision but also what could be described as a "get lost and just pay up" attitude; this was merely a prelude to what was to come. We had a double room which I must admit was furnished appropriately and looked the part and the outside deck was a nice touch, however both my husband and I agree the beds were the most uncomfortable we encountered over our 2.5 week road trip. The following morning we discovered there were no glasses/cups in the room. There was no phone to call reception so I walked up to enquire if they could arrange for same to be sent to the room. On entering reception there was a full scale argument ensuing between a guest and the girl behind the desk. I won't go into the details on this as it's not my story to tell but it was inappropriate and unprofessional. Once the argument had finished and the guest had left I was shouted at for my room number and had a invoice practically thrown at me. When I explained that we weren't checking out quite yet and I just need two cups or glasses there was a big sigh and much scribbling of the required items on paper. I asked it it was possible to get them now as we planned to check out within the next 30 minutes. Needles to say "help" wasn't high on the agenda, I got the required items from one of the housekeepers who I noticed on the way back to the room. I could out it down to a bad day but all in all two reception staff with serious attitudes means we would not recommend this hotel. Nobody deserves to be spoken to the way I or the other guest was spoken to. I think the Singh resort needs a brush up on customer service and dispute resolution.