So I am so over not being able to recieve wifi here (front desk: "I've heard that the signal is stronger at the pool. You might want to try there." Umm .. yeah. NO. It's 7pm and pouring rain. ) That is the final straw to make me write this review. But NOW I'm getting one bar. Haha. Irony. (Update: Lost the signal a couple minutes later.) So good things first: We had a 3 bedroom cottage at $399++ night. ($24 resort fee). Theplace is amazingly beautiful! Only 2 years old and filled to bursting with hanging vines, flowers and tropical trees. I mean really, really beautiful. I've traveled over the world and stayed in $1 rooms in Asia, 5 stars in Europe and I work at a 5 star myself. This is one of the most beautiful properties where I've stayed. Free laundromat. Gorgeous rooms. Beautiful home-sized granite and stainless kitchen. Easy to find. Lots of basics nearby, groceries, gas, franchise restaurants.  Now for the bad: There are a bunch of little things which happen at places. (for ex, front porch light was out. 'Course there was no bulb in it!) and no bellman. (We were told they "can provide that service if we need it". So the super nice male desk clerk did it. He was great our whole stay.) These things happen. NBD. I'm just gonna list the unacceptables. Like the desk clerk who acted like I was stupid (remember, I'm in the business) and said, "I can help you over HERE", though there were already guests in front of her terminal. Umm... could she just have walked back and forth the 5 feet?  Note these are facts: trying to keep my opinions on the side. 3rd bedroom was naked. Like they ran out of decorations. (OK, this one was acceptable but just weird...) The other reviewer was right. We were NOT waterfront. We were Mangrove-front. They were also right about proximities. The drunks next door were REALLY loud. Who ever heard of a resort pool closing at dusk. This was just plain wrong. (I tried to stick to facts but that is my opinion. Sorry.) No food service from 10am until 11am while they "switch over" to lunch. No food service at all after 6pm.  They advertise luxe iPod clock radios. 2 bedrooms had no clocks AT ALL. Forget the iPod radio. (They brought us 2 when I asked). No hair dryers in 2 or 3rd bath. No bath mat in master or second bath. Only 1 bar of soap in baths. So if you want to wash your hands later, like I did, you have to step into the wet shower to get the soap bath. No mat inside of front door during rain Super safety hazard. I got an extra bath mat when they brought the missing ones.  No place to set soap on sink. Just lay it on the counter. NEXT TO THE PLASTIC CUPS! Excuuuuse me? Isn't that a classic joke about CHEAP hotels? I went downstairs and got glasses out of the kitchen. Geez. If the parking lot is full they have "arranged" parking at Walgreens next door. It was pretty funny to see people pulling expensive luggage across the Walgreens parking lot. They explained that with multiple bedroom units, each unit will often have several cars. Ok. I get that. But could ya save me ONE SPOT to go with my $400 room? Couldn't every room have one reserved space?? SO I saved the worst for last: First, the shampoos and lotions were not full. They were all at different levels So they were either (1) refilled or (2) used by the prev guest and not replaced. Either way UGH. Second, the the little area where you keep the dish scrubber on the front of the sink cabinet had water and ants in it. DOUBLE UGH. And last, the dishwasher had food stuck inside and smelled Luke fish. OMG UGH. 