We arrived on a saturday afternoon in what seemed to be a monsoon. The person checking us in told us we were the last of the wedding party to arrive and that the hotel was 80% booked (he said this with so much pride that i gather they rarely get to this level of capacity). We went to our room which had two beds, when we specifically asked for one king. We walked back to the check in desk which was in a separate building (thus requiring us to once again traipse accross a bridge over a lagoon that smelled distinctly of diarrhea in the pouring rain). At that point, the manager told us they were at capacity and that even if we had booked a king room, what we were given was all they had. When I pointed out that the snide gentleman who had checked us in mentioned that they were at 80% capacity she retorted that "we have a limited number of king beds". Well, then don't guaratnee people king beds. At that point, after having traveled for 12 hours we were in no mood to argue and returned to our rooms in the pouring rain over the lagoon that smelled of diarrhea. Some of the light bulbs in the room didn't work. We were at the resort for two nights and our room was not cleaned once. The housekeeper did knock on our door on our first full day at 5pm (after we had been out all day, giving her ample time to clean) and we told her to come back at 6pm. We made sure we were gone by then. When we came back, the room was never cleaned. The resort was beautiful, but it all seemed very surface. The resort is a giant "Monet". The closer you get to anything, the more you notice it is crumbling, there are little ants crawling around everywhere, and dishes are cleaned by hand outdoors with no soap. The beach was nice and the service personnel were extremely hard working, and attentive. They deserve all the credit for making the stay bearable. The front desk people were completely rude, disorganized and uninterested. They also cursed at me in spanish under their breath. But, luckily I understood them and cursed right back. Now, the icing on the proverbial cake. The FOOD: As I mentioned, the servers were amazing. But the food they served, awful. The pasta with tomato sauce that we ordered in room service was actually pasta with tobasco sauce. The pizza was inedible, even after 15 tequila shots. The Buffet restaurant was equally terrible and frustrating. The "cold cuts", I kid you not, was spam, and turkey spam (at least they gave a choice). The breakfast consisted of runny eggs that were clearly powdered, and french toast, waffles and pancakes that were so hard they would literally shatter if you banged them on your plate. Even though the resort is all inclusive, they wouldnt let us bring any snacks from the buffet to the bar to watch the Giants/Packers playoff game. Even though EVERYONE IN THERE WAS PAYING THE ALL INCLUSIVE. No one I spoke to out of the 150 person party I was with had anything good to say about the food. It was literally inedible. If we had been there for a week I don't know what we would have done, other than lose weight (a secret benefit!). Do yourself a favor, avoid this place, unless you are on a diet. Key Takeaways: Horrible food Smells of Diarrhea in certain spots Pretty surroundings (visually) Great service at the bars/restaurants Front Desk staff will call you a bendejo if you ask them why they screwed up your confirmed in writing reservation.