On the last night of my honeymoon, I somehow randomly ended up at the beach after talking with a nice older couple in the sports bar (right within the lobby area)...... the last thing I remember is putting my husband to bed and going back to look for something I'd forgot & thank the older gentleman for helping my husband to our room, whilst he was intoxicated and sleepy. I brought my own bottle of water from my hotel room. I wasn't drinking at this point and next thing I remember after the older couple left and after I was having a few shots at the pool table was blacked out and I'm on the beach being held from behind by someone. Scary as all hell. The only reason I knew it was a wait staff/hotel employee was due to the fact that I spotted another man to the side with their hotel uniform on and the one behind me holding me, just kept repeating, it's okay, seniorita.... okayyyyyy seniorita, as i was fondled below. Coming to at that point was extremely frightening and I bolted for the hotel lobby. I have blood all over my jean capris.... which have been thrown out due to the memory of it all, and am recovering from a large gash going from my knee up my thigh..... possibly from falling upon escape. I did look up on google and found similar other stories horror stories from Mexico Mayan Riviera area. This was reported to my booking agency, as I do not want this to happen to anyone else. I'm traumatized. And it was my honeymoon. The best they could do at the front desk was offer me tea.... I got no check up by a doctor (they claim to have one on site) and that's when I went back out to the front desk to try to get somewhere. Pretty much nothing happened. I barely wrote anything about it on a generic comment sheet they make you sign on the way out..... because who the hell wants to relive that the day after the event!?! I was told the employee would be found and fired and I'd receive an email shortly from them about what was happening. NO EMAIL..... I'm sure it wasn't reported. This is a "5 star resort" - they must want to keep up their good appearance. Now let me tell you about the resort..... it was beautiful, sterile like a hospital inside but beautiful. Stocked fridges in rooms w soda and corona. I preferred the coca cola. The entrance LOOKS heavily secured, they check all in going and out going vehicles and room #s. But that doesn't mean that they check their employees with the same security so watch out. Also if you are a female.....( with curves, or even with just 2 legs and 2 arms I'd say), several of the male staff will look you up and down - very uncomfortable. Word of advice, do not leave your hotel room after 11pm as most people have gone to bed and it's like a ghost town on the premises. With it being a so called 5 star hotel, and the appearance of security and the fact that you're on a gated in community, you'd think you'd be safe. But please please don't take your chances..... I can say as many great things as I can think of about their food, the bed, the shower, etc...... but it doesn't change the fact that it doesn't feel safe after 11 when restaurants are closed, etc. Now, for the rest of my review on the hotel itself......... Hotel inside was always freezing...... beach looks nothing like the web pictures.... it's pretty but not swimable for the most part. The pools are freezing..... hot tubs aren't hot enough in the pool area. Drinks aren't blended well enough by 8/10 of the staff and you get big ice chunks in a smoothie/slush drink. Other hand, drinks were never watered down - good ratio of alcohol to non alcoholic contents. There was one lady with a blue skirt always walking around pool area but mainly beach waiting on people out on the beds..... she was excellent - quick, friendly, even took me and showed me where I could find a bathroom - ps. no close bathroom to the pool - gotta hitch it to your room or inside the lobby - imagine that with a kid!!! I don't want to imagine that. Food= Buffet..... if you're a vegetarian like myself, plan on eating meat, eggs and stuff with cream in it all week - you can't survive on just melons & local fruits at breakfast and you'll find only a weak flavored salad at the Grill restaurant outside at night. Or you could eat guacamole 24-7. So anyway, not being a strict strict vegetarian, I went down the seafood route - I do eat some seafood - and had omellettes in the morning. Omellette lady's awesome. So is the lady in the coffee shop. So, this resort offers very few seafood dishes.... no shrimp cocktails!!!!!!! WHAT?!!!! Kotori was amazing and probably had the BEST service of all places, that goes for the pizza place outside as well. The outdoor grille was good on service, average on food. Buffet food for 8/10ths was a complete joke - barely ever changing. My husband tried the kiddie nuggets they have there and couldn't eat them because they were rock hard. Juice therapy is a joke - they make everything seem a gazillion times better on the site. And I was promised champagne, etc in room for honeymoon - NEVER got it and never got it after talking to concierge. If they want to tell you about the resort - tell them you have to go to the bathroom or meet someone, because it's a half hour of them trying to sell you tours ranging from 60 to 100 ea outside of the resort and by the way - we did the tour in Tulum Ruins for $6 American Dollars a head & walked at our own pace. Those tours were so large, I'm guessing most except those directly next to the speaker would be disappointed. Must warn you about the guys on Sun/Tues nights..... selling stuff there - local vendors - they WILL harrass you as you walk through the main area. Nothing is priced. A man tried to hock off a $35 gift store mask to us for $140 USD! WOW! We took it for $40.... he wouldn't stop hassling us, threatened us about his kids and family and had his vendor-mates circle around us. Avoid the main walk way on those nights like the plague or walk through without looking up or side to side. I'm going to give major thumbs up to the 2 or 3 youngest tour guys and gal for the little on site free expeditions...... speak English extremely well, one was FROM the states, extremely nice.... give thumbs up to the pregnant coffee barista in the coffee shop (ps coffee shop is similar to a large Keurig & snacks on plates comparable to vending machine or cafeteria food. Give a thumbs up to the lady at concierge we dealt with.... tall blonde haired lady - very nice...... Angelese in the Spa she was amazing....... our waiter in the Kotori Japanese restaurant. Mariaches on Mexican Party night were awesome. They make some good martinis, AWESOME Mojitos & strawberry daquiris and requested drinks. Request your drink, cause most often if you don't they'll put this white cream looking stuff in it and it's very milky.... they try to put the Pina Colada in everything! Burgers suck..... nachos were great and I ate probably 20 lbs of guacamole. PS....... book for 3 days max - after 3 days, if you aren't blowing away all your hard earned money on tourist traps, you will most likely be bored. Better for older couples, seniors and children. Was very pleasant however - up until my ordeal on my last night there. If you're going after reading the good reviews - most are accurate on here, both good and bad I have to say after getting back...... protect yourself, don't let your teenagers out at night by themselves, don't stroll the beach at night or partake in the sports bar after 10pm, which is when kids and under 18 are asked to vacate and the creeps (most of them are creeps) show up for their into the morning hour drinks.