Pretty property located in a secluded jungle area but offers a terrible beachfront of river run off silt. Not sure who planned this eco resort but to have an upscale hotel where there is no real beach to swim in, only look at from oversized beachy beds, defeats part of the purpose of going to a beachfront resort. Upside is the wonderful staff. Jose at the pool should have his own reality show. Rooms are spacious, but it would be great if the hotel provided the rooms that were made in the reservation. Although reserving a two bedroom timeshare we were told upon check in that wasn't available and we were downgraded to a one bedroom for the first night then got two studios for the rest of the stay. There were no sheets, pillows or blankets for the pull out couch on the first night. No drinks in the mini bar. No coffee or water. Food in most of the restaurants was either mediocre or so adventurous that it was just not hitting the mark. The chefs need to rework the menus. Activities on the property are ok, from biking to kayaking but there is no warning that the hungry mosquitos will eat you alive in the river. Or you will be going upstream for the return trip which is very exhausting in the hot weather. Our kayak was leaky and taking on water which made it twice as hard to manuver back up the river. Pool area is nice with plenty of chairs and towels. Staff very attentive offering drinks. Nice wildlife including exotic birds and coati mundis. Not much to do after 8 pm unless you like hanging in a sports bar with random karaoke singers. Service in all of the restaurants was excellent though the welcome party dinner played music so loud most of the families with kids left covering their ears. Caribbean night could have had a more authentic menu rather than repeat of the daily dinner buffet. Finally the resort does not offer any evening transportation to Playa Del Carmen and it is a $25 (w/tip) taxi ride each way which makes for an expensive time nightly if you want off the property. Definitely not a five star, more like three and a half star resort.