Not typically one to write a review but I hope this spares some other poor soul from the Hacienda Tres Rios. We have been to several properties (Cancun, Cozumel, Riviera Maya, Playa Del Carmen and Puerto Vallarta) and the food and service in Mexico is fantastic and I've never had a complaint. Hacienda was awful. We were suppose to have transportation from the airport and was left there for 3 hours and then ended up taking a taxi anyway. The front desk was not concerned whatsoever with the delay, they're main interest was selling time shares even though they claim they don't do that. They would not give us our room keys until we sat down and listened to the thirty minute presentation about the hotel (after already being delayed several hours). We were were suppose to have a two bedroom suite with a dining room and they put us in two separate rooms, like we wouldn't notice and when we told them this wasn't right, they said there was nothing they could do, the hotel was booked for the week. Again, no concern or "I'm sorry, let's make this right for you". They gave us a blank piece of paper and said to write it down?!? Later in the week we talked to some residence and found out that everyone is given different bracelets based on whether you have a time share or not, if you are looking to buy a time share or if you've just purchashed a time share (or residence as they call it) and you are treated accordingly. We had another couple join us later in the week that booked their vacation through an on-line vacation site so were assigned a different color bracelet, the servers at the restaurant actually commented that our two groups shoudn't be sitting together based on our bracelets. Unreal. I can say that for the most part, the servers in the resturants were very pleasant, the servers at the pool were a crap shoot, one day you would get a great one, the next you wouldn't see her for hours and it doesn't matter how much you tip. We were actually told at one point a manager instructed one of your servers to leave and go fold napkins instead of wait on customers at the pool. The whole area was lining up in the grill resturant for drinks. The staff never really knew what was going on, you could ask a question to three different people and get three different answers. The staff at the front desk were rude, the managers walked around all day but were rude and the service in the rest of the resort is sporatic. This was a bad experience and unfortunately, two in our group will probably never go back to the Cancun/Playa/Riviera area because of this experience. You can find a much better place for the same money or even less.. try Palace Resorts or Dreams Resorts instead.