Where can I start with how bad this hotel was. We were supposed to stay there for 5 nights but packed our bags and got the heck out of there after 2 nights. Here is a list of complaints we have. 1- From the beginning the reception staff was not very friendly nor did they smile at their guests. 2- Rooms were given late to us. We arrived tired from our flight around 1pm at the hotel and they said the rooms would be available by 3pm. We did not get our room until 3:45 after we yelling at the reception staff to give us a room 3- We were promised an ocean view but this hotel is not on the ocean. The ocean is a five minute walk away from the hotel itself. We enjoy looking at the ocean from our rooms but all we could see was a bunch of trees. 4- We were told that there would be snorkeling provided for at this hotel but they have not finished that section of the hotel grounds and even told us that they have quit make a snorkeling section because of the expenses. 5- The food was below par. We have stayed at other all-inclusive hotels in cancun and the buffets at these other hotels were amazing. When we got to this hotel we were shocked to see the limited variety of food at this buffet even though they claim that it is a five star hotel. 6- The raccoons and coatimundi were everywhere. The most shocking thing we witnessed at this hotel was at night while we walked around the empty hotel grounds, we witnessed around 10 of these animals eating leftover bits on the countertops where chefs and bartendars prepare food and drinks. These animals may have diseases like rabies and this is a great health violation. When we asked the receptionist about this, she said 'What do you expect? We are in the middle of a jungle'. I did not know that I can stay at a five star hotel in the middle of the jungle. 7- We decided to take part in the bicycle tour around the hotel grounds. The 'mountain' bikes that they provided us with were in the worst condition possible. The bikes looked like they were from the year 1900. They were dirty, rusty, not taken care of, very uncomfortable to sit on, and extremely unsafe to ride. One of our friends fell off the bike twice because of how horrible the bikes were. She got a huge bruise on her thigh which pained her for the rest of our vacation. 8- The hairdryers are worst hairdryers I have ever seen in my life. They are very weird shaped, turn on in a very weird fashion, and do not dry hair properly. 9- This hotel felt like a prison. The security guards at the entrance make you feel like you are entering a jail when they inspect the vehicle and none of them speak English. 10- This hotel is for really old people. The hotel does not feel alive. There is no one to be seen at many times in the day and was not a fun atmosphere for kids. 11- The hotel is far from the city where all the shops are located. Each way to and from the hotel costs $20. 12- When checking out, they made a big deal because my bracelet got ripped off while canoeing. Apparently we have to return the bracelet to them at check out and were going to charge us $20 since I didn't have it but I got into an argument with the receptionist and they waived the bogus fee. We really could not take it at this hotel more than two nights. We called the booking company, complained about the hotel and they switched us to an amazing hotel in Cancun named Riu Palace. With the money you pay at this hotel, you can have a much better stay at a different hotel. The manager really seems like he has no idea what's going on in the hotel and it is a very badly managed hotel. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.