The wait staff at the pool and the maid service was very good. The facilities were nice. The checkin staff and regular concierge staff rude. The wait staff in restaurants were so anxious to please that they removed dishes before we were finished. The food was average if not out-right poor quality. We had two very nice meals in the evening out of the entire week. The couple we vacation with every year said it was the worst buffets ever. We have been going to Mexico for 25 years, and in fact, we were celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary. The rooms were ok but nothing special. A microwave in the room would have been nice. There is a shuttle that runs from the hotel to Playa del Carmen but you are only allowed to use it for one trip to and from. The taxi fare from the hotel to Playa is $20 each way so it made the trips to Playa for evening entertainment expensive as well as to Cancun being expensive to get to and from. When we arrived at the hotel our room was not ready and we were not offered a place to change from traveling clothes to beach clothes so that we could at least wait at the pool. (There really is no beach at this hotel...rocks, seaweed primarily.) The room was supposed to be ready at 3:00 p.m. but we did not get our room until 4:15 p.m. When we got to the rooms, we found that they were not connecting rooms. We had specifically asked for "adjoining rooms". When we asked to be placed in adjoining rooms, we were told that we should have asked for "connecting rooms" and because we only asked for "adjoining", they would not change our rooms even though there were rooms available! They didn't want to be bothered! There apparently was not enough staff to accommodate incoming guests in room preparations. We were not traveling in high season either. The activity people tried to keep people busy and were enjoyable. The Spa receptionist was rude. The prices were higher than normal. We were each entitled to a massage. My husband didn't want his so we were told at checkin that I could use his. When I tried to do so, I was informed I could not nor could I combine the two and pay the difference, which would have netted the Spa an additional $65.00! After much hazzle, I did get the second massage. The massage therapists, Josephina and Leah (not sure if the spellings are correct) were excellent. As with most timeshare presentations, it took twice the time 180 minutes not the 90 you commit to do. PLEASE DO NOT LET THIS RESORT SERVE AS AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT IS AVAILABLE IN MEXICO. We own two other timeshares in Mexico and love them both. We just decided to try somewhere different and we will never come back to this resort or any of its affiliates. I am thankful that we were vacationing with friends which made all the difference as to whether this was going to be just an ok vacation or a better vacation. To say that we were extremely disappointed would be an understatement!