This was an RCI Exchange - it was easy for us to secure a 2 bedroom for a 2 bedroom. We have been exchanging for all-inclusives since 1989. This place reminded us of the very first few exchanges we made way back then when the concept of all-inclusive was a new one and everyone had to work it out. HTR has a lot to work out!!! 1.) Drinks - advertised international premium brands but even when you asked for Jack Daniel they still gave you the local brand, and that was true at every restaurant and bar. Their failure to produce as advertised caused you to continually confront and get into arguments. 2.) This is an all-inclusive that advertised tips included. But their workers all expect tips per duty performed even miner ones, which again is something we saw way back in the beginning of all-inclusives. Not to say through the years we haven' tipped at all-inclusives but it was for exemplary service, food and drinks. 3.) Food presentations were truly lovely but choices were really out there. My family eats simple meat and potato things. We all went to the Mexican Restaurant and no one could find anything that they wanted to order from the menu. I had to ask what could we have that was just plain simple beef? We were then offered beef fajitas and my kids were happy. We never ate at the Asian Restaurant because my husband and I scoped out the menu ahead of time and found nothing to order as written. The Italian restaurant entrees were our favorite, but we all created our own combos from the menu choices. Their desserts were the best!!!! Ask for Gabriel - he does a great flaubee. The Hacienda Grill was my husbands favorite cause you could dress casual there. 4.) The Mexican, Asian and Italian really make the men and the teenagers dress to eat there....but their flexibility is a little off. They insist on pants but jeans are accepted. As for tops, my guys got in with polo shirts, and even solid v-neck t-shirts. For shoes, dock-siders were allowed but not sandals or sneakers. 5.) The Paris Cafe was a favorite. Xavier could be bribbed to produce a plate of chocolate covered strawberries just for me for a $5 tip nightly. Well that were some highlights - all in all - the hassels that you had to go through all the time were frustrating!!! As for value this was the most expensive time share all inclusive we have ever spent. Definitely not worth the additional amount. Perhaps if it was like a $1,000 dollars cheaper than the others then maybe the shortfalls could be justified. We love the Palace Resorts and have stayed at 3 different ones for a total of 7 times to date. We kind of wanted to try something different and regretted it totally all week long. If you are pleased with the Palace Resorts such as Moon Palace then do not go to HTC - you will be dissapointed.