My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for four nights. We had several issues that kept building until our final straw the last night. On the last day of our stay we visited Playa Del Carmen for the day, and upon returning to our cleaned room in the evening my wife discovered a pair of dirty ladies underwear that did not belong to us beside our bed on the floor. We were disgusted and concerned. We did not know how they got there, and thought that perhaps someone had been in our room. I immediately called the front desk to inform them of the situation and they sent someone to the room. Ten minutes later, still no one had arrived. I then received a phone call from the operator informing me that I needed to take the "privacy please" sign off the door knob so that the concierge could knock. Really?!?! I called you to tell you there is a problem, and you came all the way to the room, saw the sign, and turned around and went back to the desk? That is incredibly ridiculous and embarrassing to your service. Finally, the gentlemen came in, "surveyed the situation" and removed the item and apologized. We went to bed, angry, and disgusted. We checked out the following morning, and upon receiving our bill I inquired about what would be done to resolve the issue and what type of compensation the hotel would offer from this glaring problem. The front desk staff looked through the concierge log book from the evening before, and found no indication of the incident. Therefore, there is no proof (beyond my word) that it ever happened. I fought this for a short time, and was asked to fill out a comment card. I did this, and told them that I would never recommend this hotel. I was told I would be contacted about the situation after a manager could review it. Suffice to say - I have not heard from anyone over a week later. My main issue is that I was treated as though I was lying, and that I had to leap through hoops in order to get an apology or even a sniff of compensation (still nothing). Customer service is key in this industry, and you have proved that you hold no value in your customers experience. This situation could have been easily resolved. I felt disrespected and did not appreciate the resistance from your staff to rectify the situation. This will not be the final review I submit, and as a result I hope you appreciate the value of your customers input now.