My husband and I just returned from Hacienda Tres Rios after attending a wedding. We did not choose your hotel but the Wedding was taking place at your resort and the entire group was staying there and it was convenient to be in the same location as everyone. The positive about Hacienda Tres Rios is the beauty and cleanliness of the outdoor locations available to the guests. The pool area and the lounging beds on the beach were wonderful and the beachfront was kept clean and debris free. The bed in our hotel room, even though we did not receive a king bed was comfortable and provided a nice place to lay our head at night. The steps the management is taking to keep the hotel green and environmentally friendly are commendable and the staff was always quick with a hola wherever you went. Unfortunately, thats where my positive comments end and my challenges begin. The remainder of our stay was very disappointing. I must first preface my comments with the fact that my husband and I returned from a trip to The Dreams Resort in Puerto Vallarta in February. The two hotels are on opposite ends of the spectrum which is certainly not what we expected, given the price we paid was comparable. That was the only thing Hacienda Tres Rios had in common with Dreams Puerto Vallarta. It all began at check-in when there was only one person at the front desk checking in guests when they should have been aware of the arrivals for the day and been staffed appropriately. We were expecting a welcome drink upon our arrival when exiting the vehicle, like we did at Dreams, but instead had to chase down a waiter that was walking aimlessly around the lobby with the signature drink. There were fresh moist towels behind the front desk that once again we were expecting to be handed upon check in (like Dreams) but they just sat there and never got offered to any guests. They must be for the Front Desk staff and Bellmen to use throughout their long exhausting day. All over the resort the service was non-existent unless you tipped heavily. We booked the Endless Luxury All-Inclusive plan for the value and convenience it offered and it clearly states on your website that service tips and taxes are included. We definitely are not against tipping when the service warrants it and in fact tipped heavily on our Dreams vacation, but at Hacienda Tres Rios we consistently got our own drinks and food no matter if we were at the pool or on the beach. In our book tips are earned, not expected! Service was consistently slow or non-existent in the outlets as well. One incident I remember vividly was during breakfast at the Casa Las Islas buffet at 8am when the restaurant was not even half full we were seated and waited 10 minutes without any servers approaching us. After getting frustrated, I proceeded to get up and pour my husband and me our own coffee and my own mimosa. When the server did arrive he didnt look surprised at all and didnt even apologize for the wait or lack of service. We had another disappointing encounter in the Mexican restaurant, El Alebrije on our last evening. We arrived at 6:30pm when the restaurant opened and there were only 4 other tables occupied by resort guests. We were seated and waited 15 minutes to even be approached by any servers to give us water and take our drink order. We finally ordered our three course dinner at 7pm, an appetizer, Soup and Main Entre. Our first course arrived 45 minutes later and was to be a hot appetizer and it was ice cold. Our second course was skipped completely (not at our request) perhaps it was just too much for them to handle. When the main course finally arrived the veal was overcooked, crispy and cold as well. At this point we left the restaurant and told the hostess of our disappointment. An hour later, we received a call from the Restaurant Manager apologizing and offering us a free dinner! Did you get that, A FREE DINNER . . . remember we booked an Endless Luxury All-Inclusive plan, how generous of him! Perhaps he could have taken a little time to research our reservation and not have made such a ridiculous offer to us the evening prior to our departure. All around the food was mediocre at best and honestly we get better Mexican food locally here in Colorado. However, we did have one spectacular dinner at the Porto Bello Italian restaurant. The service was good, the waiter was pleasant and the food was delicious. Unfortunately, it couldnt make up for the other unfortunate dinning experiences. The guest room halls were always littered with room service dishes and we often would see the same dishes in the halls for up to 24 hours. We had to get our own amenities from the housekeeping carts since they are strictly one use each due to their small size and the housekeeper did not replace daily. Our room was consistently not made-up until at least 4pm and one evening we came back from a day at the pool, showered, changed for dinner and had to go to the front desk at 6:30pm and request our room be cleaned. There was always a moldy stench in the air that we could not get rid of, and clothes never really dried due to the humidity. All of our clothes returned home with a horrible smell . It was just an all around disappointing trip. Perhaps the part that truly upsets me the most is during the wedding reception we attended, I glanced up to notice the Bride cutting her own wedding cake while the servers stood at the bar chatting. Please tell me this is not your policy. I am a Wedding Coordinator myself and was appalled at this site. I quickly took charge and cut and plated the cake as your servers ever so graciously held out plates for me  seriously? I finally put the knife down and politely asked they finish with serving the cake. I am from a Hospitality background of over 15 years and perhaps this is the reason I am so critical of service and attention to detail. Perhaps, we were unlucky and just caught your staff on a bad week, or maybe you were short staffed due to illness. I dont feel these to be true, but I do sincerely believe your hotel has some serious service issues and your employees need to be reprogrammed that no matter what kind of tips come their way (if any) each and every guest deserves to be treated equally, their needs met, and more importantly exceed all expectations! Being a Wedding Coordinator I frequently have brides that are looking for destination weddings and I am positive that Hacienda Tres Rios will not be one that they choose. I wish your property success in the future!