We stayed here because our friends were getting married, and this is where they had their wedding activities. If we stayed any place else we would not have been able to 'hang out' other than the wedding activities, so since we didn't have much of a choice, we decided to stay here. Upon check in they had us in a king oceanview room which was fine but we requested a jacuzzi. Upon inspection of the jacuzzi suite room, we found two double beds. When we inquired about a king jacuzzi, they stated that the rooms with jacuzzis only have double beds. Which sort of confused us, but OK we settled on the king ocean view. The first morning my husband woke up with bites all over his stomach and chest. I quickly stripped the sheets to look for bed bugs. We went down to the front desk at 7:30am to ask them to change our sheets (Including the comforter) immediately. We originally were going to change rooms, but we got the 'last' king bed ocean view. We explained we were going to the spa, and would not be back until 10am, so if it could be done by then, that would be great. We arrived back in our room at 10:30am to find it just as we left it. It took them a second reminder to change everything out, and then they put the same comforter on the bed.. I called for a new one immediately and stripped the old one off the bed. The old comforter remained on the floor for the remainder of our stay (5 days). Thankfully no bugs after that. I found the food here a disappointment. The Italian resturant is the only place where I would suggest to eat. For the $185/nt per person, we paid, we did not come anywhere near that with the food due to the fact it was just poor quality. I will say the food that we had for the wedding related activites was very good. They had a welcome buffet on the beach with a bar-b-que theme which was very tasty and edible. I didn't care for the fact there was one bar on site, it was a sports bar, which is fine if you are a sports fan. They permit children in the bar, which was a bit of an inconvenience due to the fact they played with the pool table, thus leaving any adult wanting to play out of luck. There was no lounge/bar where you could just go relax have a quiet drink. We didn't like the fact that the jacuzzi's by the pool were in the 'children's pool' as well as the bar was in that area as well. So you had to make a trade off, either an easy walk to the jacuzzi and easy access to the bar, or an quieter pool. The ocean is as bad as every review states....brown..unappealing. We didn't even attempt going in. I have to say one huge plus was the spa service we recieved. The spa Director, Astrid was very pleasant and set up our appointments prior to arrival. We recieved hot stone massages, and I have to say they were the best I ever had. I am an Event Manager and I have traveled to many hotels with fancy spas, but this treatment was the best ever. I have to say the one 'upside' of the trip. All in all I would not recommend this hotel, I was disappointed.