I thought for the price of the stay and the mandatory all-inclusive of $125 per person per day, it would be so worthwhile. Instead, we started our stay with pure disappointment. We got to the resort early moving from another resort the previous week. I'm OK with not getting the room until 3pm but we waited for about 4 hours. The concierge gave us the whole rundown of the place and that if we wanted to eat at the restaurants, we have to make reservations by 3pm. And boy, are they strict on that! We didn't get to our room until 330 and when we tried make the reservation, they pretty much said tough luck. I guess I'll chalk that up to experience. We also asked for a single king bed for our room and we ended up getting 2 beds instead. So another zinger there. Even though technically all the restaurants are open, not all are open simultaneously. On some days, only 2 out of 3 are open. On others only 1 of 3. And you really had to get the schedule and book early so you don't forget in case you do a tour or something. We booked for the rest of the week after the first dinner to avoid having to go back and forth and/or make calls. The computers in the room aren't always right. The menu does not change between the days they are open during the week either. We did a short presentation even if we're not planning on buying. So much marketing spiel said to promote it but it's really just another BS story in the end. They pride themselves of having in-room dining 24 hours and can get you ANYTHING you want. We tested that by asking for just desert from one of the restaurants and the in-room dining folks said it's only off their menu. Kind off odd because some other guests said the same thing, but I suspect they did not actually try it and it was hearsay or they also did a presentation. That is why I think the Sunset Group has such a bad rap among lies and scams written about them. The staff is filled with many lies. Lastly, we wanted to have a drink while just waiting for some food by the pool. The bar tender by the other pool was conducting a drinks class. OK fine even though another American gives U.S. folks a bad rap by being such an asswipe by saying "how about this for a lesson, jack and coke. And then looks at the crowd to try and get support as he's not taking a no for an answer." I go by the other out door grill and they said "use the waiters." I'm like.. I"m here? Why can't you just give me a simple lemonade and a soda? They are so understaffed and probably only have 2 total handling both pool areas. Other negatives. - we found a t-shirt under the sheets with it saying "sorry" in the front. thought it was a joke or something. but the shirt was used. We had to get the sheets changed. I'm not sure how this could happen but it did give me the hibbie jibbies. - you're locked in the resort. they do have 3 shuttles to down and pick you to bring you back. But they're not early enough if you wanted to do activities like go to Cozumel. Most of those tours usually want you at the dock like 8am. And the first shuttle does not leave until 8:30am. Taxi is $10-$20 from resort to Playa del Carmen. - If you don't buy the all-inclusive, it's VERY expensive to eat. I saw this was rated 4 stars and they got some awards for best all-inclusive. If you're familiar with Vegas, this place has nothing against Wynn, Bellagio and the Venetian. I mean.. nothing. It's over priced food that'll probably be $60-80 tops for both people sans alcoholic drinks for dinner. OK.. .maybe even $100 but that's really pushing it. There are some plusses but not much. - bed sheets are super high thread count and very comfortable. - there is a pillow service if you want different pillows of different firmness - they turn the beds during dinner time when you're out. They clean in the morning but you have to be very good on your door sign. Else, they can come knocking as early as 9am. - The beach is not as clear as most in Playacar and Playa del Carmen. Not even against Cancun. There is still another corner that has some dark crap floating around. It's not very clear water on the majority of the beach but the water is clearer on one portion on the left side. Not quite swimmable since it's shallow and quite a few reefs or rocks with lots of algae on top. - There are activities to do, but they repeat themselves daily. So again, you can be bored very quickly if you're not the sit by the pool/beach and lie down type. - We had 1 very attentive and very good waiter so far out of 3 dinners from 3 restaurants. The other 2 were just OK. - Tip is supposed to be included in the all-inclusive already, but you're still kinda guilted into giving by the concierge when we validated. I would've given anyway but just kind of sucks you are guilted into it by the concierge when they explain. I'll say if you're seasoned enough or do internet research, you can do just as well for a fraction of the price. Do searches on Sunset Fisherman, Sunset Royal, Tres Rios and you can read many horror stories on their scams on time shares selling. Now take those lies and apply them to when you're actually in the resort. It's too bad. The place is a little charming and does try. It's small compared to what they try to compete against like Mayakoba and the like.