First off the bat, My wife and I and several other couples have been taking a fall vacation to the Cancun/Riviera Maya area for twelve years and haven't missed a year. So, I feel qualified to rate this resort in comparison to several others in the area. And, in fact, I felt so "taken advantage of" by Hacienda that I've waited over a week before writing this caveat and review. Now I've cooled off but I'm still disgusted with this place. 1. We paid well more than twice what we had ever paid for seven nights all-inc. 2. The food is very good but the restaurant schedule is more limited than anywhere we've ever been, partly due to the fact that the Mexican restaurant is never open for breakfast unless you're willing to sit through their time share/membership/vacation club sales presentation. There are no restaurants on the beach (I don't care what the web site says). 3. There are no bars on the beach. Beach service is pretty good -- limited number of lounges, beds and no palapas. But the drinks are very good -- better liquor than anywhere we've been all-inc. 4. Beach itself is worse than Cancun after the hurricane! Looks pretty good but a few steps into the water and there is debris all over the bottom, dead mangrove and other vegetation. They are literally trying to reclaim some of the eroded beach with trabajadors and wheel barrows, one load at a time dumped onto dead flora. 5. Now, trust me on this one; if you look at the photos on the web site you'll see the pools and you'll see what looks like one of the three rivers meandering through the manicured grounds. Well... not exactly... there are three little creek-like rivers on the property; however, what you see on the brochure is a man-made canal cut into the limestone. It does connect to what they call river number 1, circles through the grounds within the semicircle of buildings and rooms, and exits back into river number 1(rio numero uno). The hotel workers seem to be perpetually trying to vacuum up the silt from the bottom and sides of this "artificial circle" so at least half of the circle is so muddy/silty you can't see more than a few inches into the water -- and it stinks! Okay, you with me so far? Well the pristine cenote that you snorkel in and the little stream that flows -- maybe four hundred meters -- out to the sea is the same river number 1 that they draw water from and pump their trapped circle water, silt and sludge back into. If you happen to be enjoying your snorkel run down this pristine, eco park water way, it really is beautiful with Peacock Bass, Snook, Mullet, and colorful crabs until you get to where the filthy water from the inner circle is surging back into this little river. Now you can't see your own hand 12 inches in front of your mask and you'll notice that you smell like the dregs from your old aquarium that you should have cleaned out months before. Bottom line is this friends; I got dying dog sick the night after swimming/snorkling through this waste, was sick all the way home and now, after more than ten days I'm still under the weather. I'm a damn seasoned traveler, a backpacker, always carry doxycycline, and treat questionable water with iodine. Last time I was this sick was in the bush in Vietnam as a Recon Marine. My advise: don't trust Hacienda Tres Rios with your health. 6. We all thought we were hip to the time share pitches. Wrong! We got suckered in at check-in. The young concierge we were told would "brief" us on the resort and eco park and give us our armbands, actually sent us to a time share presentation (breakfast in the Mexican Restaurant) When we made it known that we were not interested, we had to almost become belligerent to get out of the room. Four different sales presenters cornered us. And we never got our armbands. We were also told -- and this is still on their website -- that guests at Tres Rios are welcome at any other Sunset Group Property. However, after a fifteen dollar cab ride into Playa to the Sunset Fisherman, we were asked for our armbands to be admitted to the property. We explained that we were not given any and would not need any. Wrong! We were not admitted; we walked back into Playa, and caught a $14 cab back to Hacienda Tres Rios. We confronted our "personal" conceriege about the situation. She checked with her supervisor who told her to tell us that the armbands and other facilities were for vacation club members only. In spite of our $1300 per person/per week we were commoners intruding on the elite. I felt like Rodney Dangerfield at the Groundhog Day Country Club -- think I've got my movies right? In all fairness to this resort, the food was great, the staff were the best we've ever been served by, the drinks are top notch, and the rooms are perfection. We had a good time, all in all. If management was the same caliber as the staff this could have been a world class facility... maybe..... Do yourselves a favor and book a place like a Sandos, go to a great restaurant in town with call brand liquor and go to a real eco park like Xelha or Xcaret. You'll be dollars ahead and better served.