Just got back from a weekend stay here. Was greeted on my floor by some light-to-moderate construction. The hallway was noticeably dusty, and there were exposed wires coming down from the roof. Though it was wrapping up, we weren't warned at all by the staff that we'd be walking into an environment that even the men working in it admitted wasn't safe at the moment. (They insisted they finish sweeping before we walk from the elevator to our room.) About fifteen minutes later, the smoke alarm went off, and we evacuated. The staff was very sarcastic, and unhelpful. When I asked the woman if the construction would be going on all weekend, she got very short of with me. When I asked if I could switch rooms she let me know the hotel was booked. When I apologized for bothering her with what probably wasn't that big of a deal, she told me that she didn't care anyway, that people's problems "amuse" her. Additionally, their internet does not work. I don't know if it was because I was on the top floor, but I got nothing. When I first showed up I could connect to the network, but would get the "You are not connected to the internet." message from Safari. I went downstairs to ask about it, they insisted it was my computer, offered little to no help (one guy sat with me for a moment, his diagnosis "you've gotta pretty old mac, huh?"), and left me to my own in the lobby to figure it out. I logged on momentarily from the lobby (The guy pretending to help me left for a second to "check something", and it suddenly worked) , but once I got back to my room, my computer couldn't even locate their network. The room was fine. The TV was big, but the cable was shaky The breakfast was make your own waffles, and some cereal. I don't mean to pile on, but the creamers were bad so my coffee went down the drain. Even with the fact that I had to deal with some issues, it wasn't terrible if you consider the price/location. If anything, I guess I can be happy for them that they have to try so little to please their customers, because they charge so little. Good for them!