We booked 2 rooms in advance for an overnight stay in Philly. On arrival, the Reception area is pleasing, if a little bit small. On checking in we were "told" that we knew our rooms had separate bathrooms, but not to worry, we would be the only people with a key and they are totally private. After a quick debate, we decided this was fine and checked in. We then went to the lift - an experience in itself, not for the faint hearted, and checked out the room with separate bathrooms. The bathrooms were ok, but could have been cleaner, and our toilet had the wrong lid on it. This was nothing until we went out for the day, returned in the evening, and decided to inspect the bed. To our horror... BED BUGS.. We slept on towels on top of the bed, and on closer inspection, the room was totally shoddy. The curtains were held together with safety pins and they were filthy. As it was 1am, we called the night porter, but there was no answer. After trying for 20 minutes, we decided to "sleep". In the morning, I spoke to the receptionist, advising of my complaint, and that I didn't think I should pay. She advised me to Speak to the General Manager who would be in at 11am. I returned at 11am, and was met by the most arrogant, rude and dismissive indivudual I have had the misfortune to speak to. An English man with total attitude. He was not prepared to listen and I was told that he would not refund my money as I had used the services of the hotel - and the Bed Bugs. He then asked if I reported it to the night porter, I explained the situation, and he confirmed, that I should have asked for a refund at 1am and the night porter would help me find another hotel. A heated debate ensued, and I decided to walk away for fear of saying something I would live to regret, hence this review, and a formal complaint to Rodeway Inn. I always praise good service, and reflect on bad service, so this is not a biased comment. Please do not use this hotel it is totally appalling, and they don't deserve your hard earned cash !