Yes a great location and acceptable rooms but not worth the unpredictable stress. I've never written a bad hotel review but had to take the time to do so in this case. The planned 2 night stay here was a nightmare. On arrival we were told the elevator wasn't working (this is not uncommon) .My mother is disabled and the best they could do was place us on the 3rd floor. The stairs was extremely steep and posed great problems for my mum who walks with a stick. We arrived with cases and were unable to take them to our room because of the broken elevator. We were told that there were no staff available to help until 11pm. As a result our cases had to be left in the lobby until the following morning. The following day we returned to the hotel at 9.30pm after a day of sightseeing and were told the hotel was now closed to guests due to electrical safety. We were told we needed to relocate to their sister hotel . We had 15 mins to pack.The sister hotel was the Comfort Inn that is located across the freeway and was not convenient to our following day onward travel. We were told that our stay would be complementary for the trouble caused and that a shuttle service would bring us back to downtown in the morning to aid us in onward travel. On arrival at the sister hotel (Comfort Inn) were were told that we need to pre-pay for the room . Our room at the Rodeway had also been pre-paid but this was irrelevant (even though it is a sister hotel?). A number of guest transferred from the Rodeway had been promised the same complementary accommodation and refused to pay. No management were available and after many call back to the Rodeway by different guests (getting nowhere )it was now midnight. We had no alternative to check in and pay again. We have still not been refunded by Rodeway for our pre-paid night that the hotel was closed. The staff at the Rodeway were liars (they just wanted an easy way to empty the hotel) the complementary shuttle and accommodation promised didn't exist. In fact i'm now out of pocket after paying two hotels for the same night. Still waiting for my money back . Please don't risk the unpredictability of this place.