The Hotel that makes one appreciate the comforts one has... IN THE AVERAGE ROAD-SIDE PORT-O-SAN!!!! This place was a hoot!!!! It was so bad I couldn't help but laugh!!!!! I must've gotten the same room one earlier reviewer did-- the one with the door that you had to pull up on just to lock it. My favorite part was the complimentary coffee carafe with a plastic spoon that had coffee grinds still on it from earlier use! The television channels were never the ones that were listed at the top right corner of the screen!!! ESPN was actually some food network type channel and CNN was some public access channel with some charming guy ranting on about Socialism! The guy at the desk couldn't even use the credit card machine properly! I thought it was his first day, and then later on I realized that is just the type of surreal experience taking a room in this place offers! I took the elevator/coffin-on-a-rope ONCE before deciding to use the stairs! My "No Smoking" room had a cigarette butt in the bathroom toilet!!!! The bed was a mess, with various suspicious spots and stains, though made-- I'll give them credit for that. I found a lone clean sheet in the closet and draped it over the bed and slept like that. The bathroom wasn't bad, although the shower curtain didn't reach all the way down to the floor and let alot of water escape out into the toilet/sink area. Being up on the fourth floor I decided to come down the stairs and investigate a bit. Each floor as you went up got progressively shoddy. The hallways were all extremely narrow and you really felt that if you didn't look where you were walking that you might fall through a hole and down to street level! It was almost like walking through some unreal funhouse! The following morning I checked out as early as possible and asked for a receipt and the guy at the desk gave me one... PRINTED ON THE BACK OF SOMEONE ELSE'S!!!! This hotel would be a great setting for a low-budget surrealistic indie movie. But I wouldn't recommend staying there unless your company's footing the bill and the only other place to lay your weary head is curbside.