Over all the hotels I have stayed in, Angsana Dubai is bottoming the list in terms of every criterion. I am a frequent traveler to Dubai, and having stayed in other hotels, I can compare to what I saw elsewhere. Angsana is definitely the worst by far - the rooms are incredibly small compared to same priced and supposedly same service elsewhere (if you want a One bedroom apartment, check Somerset: Same price, and rooms 3 times as big - the staff is the most incompetent and unfriendly I have had to deal with. An example would be when I came back one day and found out that an item of mine was missing. I had to speak to at least 10 people, who would eventually be very affirmative in telling me that they did not loose anything, and would refuse to pass me to their manager even after asking 5 times. An example of incompetency would be how poor the cleaning of my room is done every day: If I do not think of putting a used glass in the sink, it would stay dirty as it is on my bedside table, or if I leave a trunk in the bathroom, I would find it hanged with the face towels instead of in the bedroom. I could also cite the time when I gave a suite to the cleaning and when they called me at 11.30pm to ask if it was a right time to bring it back, or the time when I requested breakfast at 7.30am, and the kitchen woke me up at 6am to apologize they did not have Frosties and wanted to know if I was fine with Chocopops (What the hell???). Not to tell the time where I put a Do not Disturb on the door and that someone knocked the door and in a gasp entered the room. I did not have the time to react or say anything after the knock and he was already in while I was naked off the shower. This did not seem to bother him as he barely apologized. I have enough stories like that to write a full book on hospitality services. - The lift are simply the worst I have seen in my life: As experienced by other guests here, you could be waiting sometimes up to 20 minutes, and see lifts passing by your floor both up and down and not stopping. Basically, if you are planning on meeting someone at the reception, better plan on taking the elevator at least 15 minutes in advance, and there will still be good chance you will be late. Also, prepare yourself to meet with as many staff in the elevator as there are guests in the whole hotel. Every time I take the elevator, I have to prepare myself to meet with at least a dozen staff, both in the corridors of my floor (why would there be almost permanently 5 or 6 staff walking around doing this and that on a floor where there are only 10 rooms?), and in the elevator (the architect must have forgotten to put elevators for staff in his blue prints. Consequently, you would ALWAYS meet staff in the elevator with various cleaning items. Ultimately, you will end up with the feeling you are actually disturbing them. As stated here by others, even if at the time I write this review the hotel has been open for more than 6 months, no taxi seem to know what or where it is. This is mainly due to how bad designed is the entrance (the hotel is indeed on Shekh Zayed road (main road of Dubai), but the entrance is hidden on the behind, inside the parking. Nothing on the roadside indicates what the building is and that it is actually in use. The direct result is that you would need to walk cab drivers to the hotel every time, and people coming to visit you will have difficulties to find the place. Really: Dont go to Angsana. There are loads of apartment hotels and hotels in Dubai, plenty much better on any possible criteria in the same price range. I though that Maroj Rotana was the worst in Dubai and the world before I can here, but I found that Angsana did so bad that I think it would really be impossible to anyone even trying to do worse.