My sister and I were celebrating our 10th wedding anniversaries. We found the dana hotel. I thought it was a bit pricey, but my sister thought that to stay in a great downtown location we might have to pay to play. So she booked two rooms online, one for her and her hubby and one for my hubby and I. Our stay was on a Friday through Sunday. We also, booked a couples massage. After making the reservation, my sister called the next day to make sure the hotel got the resevation and to see about the spa accomadations. Well, to our surprise, the spa did not have any openings for our stay. Although the computer excepted our reservations for spa services. We asked the staff to try to fix that situation. We told the concierge that we were all celebrating our anniversary and we would like to know if the hotel did anything special for special occasions. The hotel assured us that they would do something special. Well, to make a long story short. The hotel did nothing special. We had to remind the front desk on Saturday evening that whatever the hotel was planning, that our check out was the next day. My sister told the front desk clerk that she did not drink champange and if the hotel was going to give that out, do not send that. An hour later, my sister called me in my room and told me that room service just sent them champagne and strawberries and wanted to know if we got any. Well, we did not. I called the concierge desk, and no one answered. I left a message. In the morning there was a letter along with our bill. In short the hotel appolgized that they forgot about our anniversary and gave us free breakfast in bed. They also comp one nights stay. Wow, was my reaction. I was pretty happy about that. Well, the story is not over. The next day, while I was at work my husband called me and asked what was going on with our money. He wanted me to check our bank account. I checked it and to my surprise, not only was the monies taken out for our stay but an additional $600.00 dollars was taken out. Because of that, it caused my account to be overdrawn. I of course was in shock. I called the hotel and asked to explain the charges. They could not. They said they do not have charges taken out for the $600. Over and over the Dana claimed that there could not be any such charges. I made a copy of my account and faxed it to the hotel. I had to call my bank on Monday and had them to cancel the charges. My bank did, fortunately. However,the Dana still did not own the costly mistake. When I called to talk to managment, no one was hardly ever available to talk to me about what had happened. Moreover, the bed was wonderful, the view was spectacular but the only breakfast they offered was roomservice or continental. The dinner was overpriced and not that great. The housekeeping was also a bit lousy.