I barely know where to start with this one, so let's aim for something positive as I do like to be fair. Was it clean? Yes Breakfast? Basic, but really nice bacon, well cooked. Anything else? Not really. I gave up on Travelodge a few years ago in despair at the meagre nature of the offering. I accepted this hotel (work booked it for me) because I'd heard that they'd been upgrading and I assumed that with all the competition, e.g. Premier Inn, that they would have upped their game. How wrong I was. My room was a spartan box. I'm struggling even to describe it. How do you describe nothingness? It gave the impression of a place where they are accustomed to having things stolen so that the default position is to strip everything back to the barest of essentials. A bed but no bedside tables. No proper furniture to speak of, just planks screwed into the wall to make a narrow shelf under the mirror which had to serve as dressing table and shelf, the usual open box with a hanging rail ~ and that was it! The towels were thin and meagre. There was no mat to step out on to from the shower. A two inch sliver of soap was the entire provision in the bathroom. Oh yes, there was a little telly, but I had to lie on my side on the bed to be able to see it. My blind did not block out the light, and the noise from the street was a significant irritant. There were holes ~ yes, holes! two of them ~ in my thin duvet cover. I do hate to whinge, but this was not my best stay in the area. If all you want is close proximity to London Euston station, you might actually consider staying here. It wouldn't entice me. There is a better option just around the other side of the station at MIC. If I'd been on one of their 19 deals I'd have considered that I probably got what I'd paid for. But at 92 I think they could do better, much better. Were I a Martian arriving in London, this would persuade me that the Brits are a mean and miserly lot or that we actually enjoy discomfort. I'm booked for another Travelodge tomorrow so probably too late to change ~ oh dear. Another one bites the dust.