Went to London for a concert and picked the Travelodge for its convenience to Euston Station, however with not knowing London very well, I found out while there that there were plenty of other places close by I would rather have stayed. We got there at around 13:00 and asked if we could book, neither assistant looked up and asked 'you pay early check in', I replied I hadn't, the reply was (still with their noses at the desk) 'you come back at 3'. OK I said 'is it possible to put this small bag in your storage till we come back' the reply (still with their nose at the desk) 'we do not keep luggage', at this point I made a comment about their attitutde and that I am a paying customer, it was like water off a ducks back. Anyway we found a pub for a couple of hours and went back at 3, only to find one of the assistants greet me when I went and ask would I like to try their self service check in, the other assistant was behind the counter, I said if 'no thanks, I have paid for someone to check me in therefore you can do that simple thing can't you'? Again it was if they didn't understand, probably my northern accent! Went to the room, it was about 12 by 12 including the bathroom (the picture in the brochure did not look like it at all), the TV was on the wall it had no remote so you had to change channnel blind, I asked about a remote but was just looked at blankly, again must have been my accent. The carpets were stained and the windows did not open, the bathroom was a little grimy in areas and hadn't had a thorough clean for some time. The bed was OK, had to get additional pillows as there were only little thin things on the bed when you went in, that was a chore in itself trying to get them. We decided to laugh it off, it was only somewhere to put our heads down for the night. Breakfast was continental style, nothing special but adequate. For a 110 in the middle of London I wasn't expecting a lot, but was expecting a little more than this, would not return. If you are going for 1 night and need somewhere to put your head down then it is adequate, not ideal for any longer, the rooms are small, there is limited space for storage, and the rooms are a little stuffy.