The hotel is a bog standard business hotel, but takes the biscuit for cost cutting. No staff on check in desk (ring the bell style if problems with the automatic ticket machine that dispenses a room key). Didn't feel particularly secure - as noone on check in desk and you could literally walk in to ground floor and lower ground areas without keycard. My keycard was issued with a label that said B on it - with no signs to a B floor (the guy who emerged at the desk to deal with another problem directed me to go to Lower Ground - guess people complain about being put in a basement!). I struggled to find the hotel from Euston station. It was not on a map in the station, nor did my cabbie (with all his knowledge) know where it was [because there are lots of Travelodges around the area!]. The room itself was fine - nice big TV with plenty of channels, clean, your typical business hotel. LG still had a window. No sign of a telephone, or the possibility to set an alarm (thank goodness for my phone). No shower gel - which is pointed out on the website as a "people prefer to bring their own, so we're passing on a cost saving"... don't know what people they are talking about, and I don't see much of a cut in a 130 room fee coming from such a measure. Honestly, I brought shower gel just because I'd noticed this - but my guess is most end up buying it from a machine in the lobby. What a swindle! Slept really badly. Got up early to get to breakfast at 7am to take it leisurely - find a queue of 4. Someone is remonstrating with a cleaner who clearly isn't paid enough to care about serving the customers, but is more bothered that she can't clean the carpet outside the breakfast room. 10 minutes late, the door opens with not an apology but "I'm not quite finished yet, but I thought I'd let you in" - charming. Breakfast is simple - too simple. Muffins, cereal, toast. Why was it 10 minutes late? Is this really breakfast in London now? Checkout - still noone on the desk. Please do not roll this model out to other hotels... what exactly did I pay 130 for? Only if really desperate to stay close to Eurostar would I stay here.