Being greeted by a rude desk clerk who directed us to the automated check-in kiosk which didn't acknowledge our booking wasn't a good start, but things went significantly downhill from there! An insistence that the two receipts clearly stating "paid in full" did not mean we had already paid for the rooms and ened up extending the check-in process to about 2 hours. During this time, a refusal to ring the manager and constant attempts to serve other guests while not resolving our fairly major issue was especially annoying. We were told that we had to pay for the rooms a second time before we could check-in. After finally caving in and paying again, we heard other guests saying the heating was off in the hotel. We asked if this was correct ad the clerk confirmed that it was. We also asked for heaters but were informed that they did not have any. This seemed slightly worrying in london's worst winter for over 20 years and below freezing temperatures outside. We took to our twice paid for rooms and shivered the whole night through. In the morning, the breakfast staff threw our 2 day lunch passes in the bin and immediately threw pineapple on top of them, despite there still being another day when we needed them. He smirked when told of this. We reported the cold issue to reception again and were promised that the heating would be fixed soon. We left for the day and felt slightly warmer in the London snow than we had in the rooms the night before. When we returned 7 hours later, the heating wasn't fixed but we were promised portable heaters. We again went out and when we returned to go to turn in for the night, half of our rooms had heaters, the others were like large refrigerators. We again asked for additional heaters or some alternative and were told they would send a repair man. When he arrived, he removed a fuse, replaced it and said it should be ok now. It wasn't and when I reported it again, I was told the repair man had gone now and they couldn't do anything to help. I explained that this was now 2 consecutive nights in below freezing temperatures and I was informed that I could get a refund when the manager came in the next morning. Guess what? No refund but an email address to explain the problems and they would decide what should happen. If you want to pay too much, get sub standard accommodations, rude staff who would either lie to get rid of you or laugh at your predicament then stay here. But if you want to feel that you would not be better off sleeping on the streets and giving lots of money to the homeless then go somewhere else. Just please do not stay here!