We stayed here for two nights for a family leisure break in London and chose the hotel being near Kings Cross and the zoo as with a 4mth old baby and preschooler we didnt want to go on the tube too much. We arrived early evening and used the automatic check in to get our key, this didnt work so then waited for someone to come to reception desk. A girl eventually came and dumped a key on the desk then went off again, so we guessed the location of our room ourselves. Our room was fine for the price we paid we werent expecting great luxury. The room was in the basement and rather muggy so we put the air con on and went out for tea. On return from dinner we got back to the room and it was stifling! The air con, reading 18 degrees was pumping out very hot air. My husband went and managed to find a maintenance chap who agreed that it wasnt safe to sleep in there with two young children so told my husband to report to reception to get a new room. At reception the girl on the desk was extremely unfriendly. When my husband explained the problem she asked why we had put the air con on in the first place (it was summer?) and then just suggested we open the small window. Now bearing in mind we were at traffic level in the heart of london I wasnt keen on this and didnt believe it would make a difference seeing as how the room was scorching. Eventually the girl gave us new rooms as they had run out of family rooms (although the hotel was deadly quiet). So we spent the first night of our family trip with my huysband in one room with our eldest and me in another room with our youngest, with no phones in the room to talk to each other or reception and no tv remote in my room, it wasnt the most amazing night ive had. We didnt appreciate having to lug our luggage and two very sleepy girls around the hotel at way past their bedtime. On our 2nd night they moved us again, this time into a family room with working air con, and aside from the many people on the buses that passed outside being right next to our window (and so either had a very dark room with curtaain perm shut or felt like we were on display at the zoo) the room was fine. Having said this the toilets in this hotel are extremely dangerous. Of the three rooms I had all 3 toilets in the bathrooms had really loose seats and i can see someone esp younger children hurting themselves. It goes without saying we wont use this hotel again there are others in the same price bracket where you get that bit more.