We were so excited about staying at the Hilton Downtown and what it would seem to be a nice hotel but we were wrong. Do NOT stay at this property. Let me explain that the staff of this hotel is the worst I've seen in my entire life. From the moment you arrive at the Hilton Downtown Miami you will realize how bad everything is here. First you will have to get passed the infinity of teenage groups, you will arrive, eventually, to the lobby. At first, we thought we had arrived at the "wrong time' and things would improve later...we were wrong. This is a nightmare. The lobby is constantly busy with teenager groups. The lobby is the only area where there's free wi-fi (and they call themselves a 4* property !) so expect tons of people, sometimes on their pijamas (!!) in the lobby, some of them, sitting on the floor with legs spread, etc. Just awful. The rooms size is good and views are nice but it ends here how good these rooms are: housekeeping do not clean these rooms, they "tidy it up" and that's it. There were breadcrumbs in the desk, the sofa, etc...and we had just checked in! Our friends had other 2 rooms which had pretty much the same housekeeping issues: weird smell from the closet, rooms hadnt been properly vacuum cleaned, etc. Want to move rooms? Good luck, staff the front desk are the worst I've seen in my life in the entire world. I do not share the same last name as my husband, so I made sure when I called from our room that they'd be ready for me at the front desk...my husband had already left instructions about my coming down to get new keys...yet, to my total surprise...they almost did not let me back to my own room despite my calling to reception a few moments earlier from the room AND my husband's instructions, and that's because I had my id with me, I can only imagine what else would they have me submitted if I didnt have it with me. The lady who had talked to me on the phone was just as obtuse as the clerk at the front desk. I had specifically called from the room, informed of the last name difference, they confirmed that I could come down and yet, after 2 minutes at the front desk...they act like they dont know anything! Outrageous! As to breakfast...this is another marathon...if you still decide to stay at this horrible property, make sure you hit the breakfast before 8.00am...afterwards is mayhem. Evidently I am aware that sunday breakfast at hotels can be busy...but to run out of milk ?!? It's insane. Staff try to be courteous but I suppose there's little they can do without the basics ! The only exception is a waiter of the restaurant, at dinner time, named Andre fernandes. He went out of this way to accomodate our request, very polite and quite frankly deserves a better employer as Hilton doesnt know what a gem of employee they have on their hands. My impression of this property is that they have a love and hate relationship with groups, expecially from Brazil. Hilton likes the fact these groups keep their occupancy high but equally hates them and have no idea how to manage such groups. Sadly, they extend this prejudicial attitude against Brazilians to other guests of the same nationalily. I was apalled to see how they mistreated another Brazilian guest, who was not part of the groups. As soon as he left, staff simply said comments like " oh well...these brazilians are terrible"...this is awful. The gentleman was just asking for directions for heavens sake. Our friends had to stay for a few more nights on that properly as it had been prepaid and they had no way of cancelling or getting a refund. Luckly for us, we managed to stay the rest of our stay in Miami at the Four Seasons (what a classy hotel!). I have no idea why and how the other reviewers have had a good experience at this property. Do not spend one single cent on this property. There are other hotels downtown Miami with much better service.