I have stayed in many hotels in my life. In my experience, a less than perfect hotel is greatly improved if the staff is helpful, friendly and accommodating. By the same rule, a decent hotel can become The Worst Hotel EVER when the management treats their guests as if they should feel blessed just to be there, and gives no guidance whatsoever to their staff. This is the perfect example. After a long day of travel, I arrived at the Hilton Miami to check in. I gave my name and confirmation number. A young man behind the counter turned and asked his 'manager' a question in low tones. The manager looked us up and down, checked to see the name of my company (I assume to see if I was important enough) , whispered something back and left the room without looking at us. The young man, visibly upset, turned and informed me that there were no rooms at all in the hotel. He told me I would have to be 'walked to another hotel'. I insisted there must be a mistake; I clearly had a reservation. I also told him that if he planned on moving me to another hotel, it would be one of my choosing. He fussed and asked me to wait. He asked me to sit in the lobby. I refused.Ten minutes later, he takes a brief call, looks up and tells me that his 'manager' says there is a room. Not a bay-view, upper floor premium room as I had booked, but a 3rd floor basic room overlooking a cement roof. No explanation how they went from no rooms to having a room. Just the overall impression that I should be thankful to have a room at all. I accepted, mainly because was exhausted and didn't want to fight. But what continues to irk me is that management had obviously screwed up and couldn't even be bothered to manage the situation. They made some poor new employee bear the brunt of an awkward and frustrating situation. I won't even bother to describe the bland room, the noisy old air conditioner or the desperate need for a paint job, because my stay was ruined before I even made it past the lobby. There are a lot of hotels to stay in while in Miami. In this economy, why wouldn't you work extra hard to make your guest feel welcome?