This is the best word I can choose for this Hilton. I stayed at this Hilton because of the rates and the reputation it has with its name, along with the location, but was very disappointed. The water in the shower was weak, and would cut off every 20 seconds or so for about 4 seconds. The housekeeping would show up after 3pm and whiz through the room, vacuuming, making the bed, emptying the one small wastebasket in the bathroom, and not picking up any garbage I left next to it (which was in a plastic bag and tied neatly). They also did not replace the glasses, mat towel on more than one occasion and had to have them send it up to the room. On one occasion, they didn't vacuum at all...the Frito chips on the rug from the night before were still there! Internet: POOR. No free service unless you go to the lobby for wireless, only other option is a 9.95 rate for daily use of a slow throughput, sporadic connection. I called guest services and they comped me one day, transferred me to tech support which had me run a repair on my wireless connection, then ping Google, then told me there was nothing wrong on their end. Also, my laptop would pick up a wireless signal named "Free The WiFi" which was a third party offering connections to hotel guests for $35 for a week I believe, It was named Meraki and would offer different plans with different throughputs, the faster connections being the most expensive. When I looked them up, they would ask for a login name creation and your credit card number...YEAH Right!!! Not a whole lot of trust with that. Whoever offered this service must be aware of the fact that the Hilton charges for theirs. They have a business center in the lobby with about 8 terminals or so, which I went to use at 11pm but couldn't because a family with what seemed like there visitors (kids) were using them to watch Youtube. Valet service: $28 a day, unless you choose self parking which was $25 a day but if you take the car out you need to pay the $25 again....this in essence forced me to go with the valet. No qualms with the valet guys, they were great. The room itself was fine cosmetically, the view was great also, but the little things were what put me off. I've had better service (and free in-room internet) at the Marriott in Tarrytown, NY, and the Radisson in Harrisburg, PA...places which are far less exotic then Miami. Who knew? I won't rule out the Hilton because of this one, but it won't be my first choice going forward, and it won't be a choice at all at this locale ever. Shop around.