Well, I'm in the hotel (checked-in last night) as I write this review, and it's perhaps the worst Hilton I've stayed so far in my life. I don't even refer to the construction noise racket going on - I was kind of somewhat mentally prepared after the reviews I had read but its the other things - a good number is small little things but very irritating and I'll try to list them in the chronological order. To begin with you should be prepared that the driving into the hotel in the makeshift lobby (motor lobby as its called in here) looks so uninviting that it reminds you of a third world hotel. I say that based on my travels - I've seen hotels under construction but they make it a point to make the construction area more lively and appealing to take focus away from construction - here, they seem to focus on the distraction itself. After you get off the car, you proceed to a small lobby with elevators - since the valet doesn't tell you that its not the main lobby so you look at the empty desk to your left, scratch your head and decide to push elevator button anyways, wherein you discover a button for the Lobby to proceed to main Lobby. The man I met at the reception area was as dry as they come in customer interactions - no smile, just questions and then I was handed the room key. He did tell me though that there will be construction noise from 8 am to 5 pm, more of that later. Elevator seems a little slower than other hotels but its only a minor irritation. My first impression coming off the elevator onto my floor was that someone has scrimped on money - its most dull carpet that I've ever seen - sure, it doesn't cause you any problem and looks and feels new but someone has gone horribly wrong with the aesthetics here. This theme continues into the room. My first impression of the room was that it was spacious but with the most dull looking furniture. The elctric outlets are curiously unavailable. There is a small coffee maker but no where to plug it in except maybe on the study desk or in bathroom. The internet router was all set except that it didn't have a power supply. The bathroom is ordinary with cheap looking wood work but with nice faucets, The house keeping may not have been very attentive when they cleaned my room - a half filled bottle of conditioner was right up on the counter - mind you, there was a filled in bottle too along with shampoo and body lotion but why leave the half filled bottle - Just to annoy the visitor. Later when I called housekeeping for some cloth hangars - the lady picked the phone and went "Yeah"! in a screeching voice as if I was an employee and not a guest and then as I was talking to her, without stopping me or saying hold on, just shouted" Gregory" - take some hangars to 12th floor and as I pondered on what my next move should be - started talking to me back again. Of course, I had nothing more to ask for except thank her for trying to help in her own style. By the way, the sound from the grinding and cutting machines is very deep and very real and you can't escape it during the day so plan to stay away in the day time - you can;t even have a decent conversation on the phone within your room while this continuous work goes on. All in all, my impressions of the hotel so far - find some other place if you can. I'm here to attend a conference being held in the hotel and that's why I had no option but if you do- stay some place else. On the plus side - The conference area is decent for this size of the hotel and I found nothing wrong with the area. The concierge in the main lobby is also helpful. The metromover train is practically next door so going to Bayside park or other areas in viccinty is easy and free. I have not checked the gym or pool yet so I'll post a review if I get a chance to visit those. By the way, I'm in room 1207 if you have stayed here and wondering what floor am I talking about