Based on mostly good reviews, we booked our family of 6 in three rooms 6 months in advance. Noting there were one or two reviewer complaints about being shifted to another hotel, and traveling with children and an elderly gentleman needing assistance, I inquired and was promised in writing three rooms near each other. But on arrival, we were told that they had a "problem", and only had two rooms available in this location, and wanted to split up our party with one room in another hotel at some distance. This was unacceptable, so we ended up squeezing 6 into two rooms set up for four people for one night. This hotel had the nerve to charge us for three rooms for that first night, supposedly because they booked a room elsewhere. Not my problem! I received no compensation or consideration for our discomfort. Thus, my "poor" rating. In the absence of this annoyance and disappointment, I might have considered "average" to be appropriate. It was not that clean, and expanding on the infrastructure issues mentioned by others: Every visitor has to deal with some steps, starting with several up to the very small elevator (only accommodating 2 or 3 people - without bags! - 1 or 2 with bags), and a number of steps to get to breakfast, and many rooms have steps to access. Certainly not a good place for anyone with mobility problems, or if trying to push a stroller. None of the rooms in one portion of the building have telephones. Breakfast is adequate, with all drinks (including coffee) coming out of machines. As noted by others, entrance is a plain wooden door (looking like a commercial loading dock), where one must press a button to be let in each time. The upside - location is great, being only a couple blocks from the Pantheon, and only a little further to the Piazza Navona. Walking distance (if athletic) to the Coliseum/Forum area, and other central Rome features. Would I stay here again? I might consider if booking one room, but my wife certainly would not based on the poor service!