I chose this hotel to finish off our around the world trip as Hollywood/LA was our last stop before heading home... We were very disappointed! We arrived late after our flight was delayed only to encounter a young lady at the reception called "Mickey". We didnt even receive a hello or welcome from her. Great start I thought, it appears we were disturbing her for checking in so late (which was beyond our control). We inquired about late checkout only to be told that the latest we could have the room for was 1pm and 1 minute past that time we would incur a full day rate and not the rate you received when you booked our normal rate but which would be $199 US Ok so no late check out off to a great start. Don't get me wrong I don't judge a person on first appearances so I thought I would cut her some slack as she might have been having a bad day etc, But it appears I was wrong she speaks and treats everybody the same way! The hotel is located on a very very busy road (6 lane highway) that bad that on the second night there was a car accident directly out the front of the hotel in which a car completely uprooted a steel street light and mounted the hotels front garden, luckily no pedestrians or on coming traffic were in the near vicinity. Breakfast was included in the room rate which was very basic by American standards It appeared it was cooked off site and brought in every morning, the same thing everyday except that every second day it would be sausage instead of crispy over cooked bacon! The cook even pre-salted the scrambled eggs for us..... too much some mornings. One morning we decided to have cereal but couldn't as the milk was past its use/best by date not good for a chain hotel! The one and only positive I can say about the hotel was that the beds were clean and comfortable. During our trip we have stayed in various rated hotels even older style hotels that weren't as modern looking as this one but this hotel was the worst by far, so when you look at the greeting from the reception staff, the busy road outside and the same breakfast with poor quality basic food I would not recommend you stay here.