Just returned from four 4 nights at this hotel during Mardi Gras. First, I gave them the the benefit of the doubt when I arrived with a confirmation in hand and they told me they had given my room away. (This was due to their error keying in the wrong credit card # I found out). No apology. The hotel crammed six of us in a single bed room for the night and promised our larger room the next night. Of course they made our party ck out at 11 of that room the next morning and wait until 3:00 that afternoon to ck into the new room. No help was offered or received for the transfer. The hotel then began to randomly charge our credit and debit cards. (over $1000) When we went to the front desk, they simply denied this was happening until we printed out bank statements to prove it! The debit charges were so much that caused overdrafts and guests without cash. Couldn't get anything from guest services, so the General Manager was asked to help. Totally incompetent, rude, and just did not want to be bothered with his duties. Again, not accepting any fault or an apology. Called housekeeping to ask for additional rollaway, including blankets, pillows, etc. Not going to happen. If they knocked to clean at 7:30-8:00 and you were sleeping, you got skipped until they next day. They did, however, let us have a couple of extra little bottles of shampoo from the cart, since there were six of us. Thanks. The front desk day clerks were the rudest and most uncooperative I have encountered. Mardi Gras is a busy time, but there is still a job to be done and customer service should still be a priority. The General Manager, however, just needs to get into a new line of work. It has taken three more days to clear up the overcharges. Not worth the trouble, even for the location, there are much better choices. We did have beds, a room with a door and a bathroom, but the inconvenience, no maid service, extra bedding, and billing errors that were quite questionable, along with a staff that lacks any sort of professionalism, is just not acceptable. What a nightmare!