My husband, daughter and I arrived at SuiteDreams the night on Nov 18. I booked this hotel based on the recommendations from TripAdvisor. I was really excited to get there and had even email Pier prior to our stay. Being a small boutique hotel, they did not have vacancy for all of the nights we would be in Rome. Given that this would require us to pack/unpack an additional time, I asked if it was possible for them to offer some kind of small discount to incentify us to stay. It is important to note that I was completely ok with them saying no and told them that. Heck, it was our decision and we could have stayed somewhere else if it was that big of deal. I really just thought I would ask - thinking it wouldnt hurt to ask. Pier did offer a discount, which I thought was excellent service. Above and beyond even. Fastforward to Nov 18. After a long day of travel with our 1.5 year old daughter, we get to the Suite Dreams. At first, we didnt know if we were even there but saw the small sign. We were travelling in Europe for a few weeks and had a lot of bags. So I ran up stairs to check in. Pier said "ah, we were waiting for you". Then he said he needed my husband and I to both be present with our passports to check in. I went back downstairs and helped by husband put our bags into a very small lift. I carried my daughter upstairs and waited for my husband to return. It was then when I got the look of death. Pier spent the next 30 minutes lambasting us for bringing our daughter. He accused us of purposely not telling him in order to get a cheaper room. He said "you managed to ask for a discount, but failed to mention that you had a 3rd person". Now, I had booked 5 hotels in Europe for Novemeber and NONE of them told me to indicate an additional person with a 1.5 year old. In fact, I was advised not to. With kids this young, their presence does not have an incremental cost anyway so it is generally a non-issue. I tried to explain this and he said he didnt care how other hotels operated. He was being so incredible rude. In my mind, I was thinking - holy crap, is he going to kick us to the curb? Where in the world will we stay on this short of notice. It looked like it took everything he had to let us stay and he started showing us around. He was still shaking with anger. My opinion is that if was going to permit us to stay, he could have saved the half hour reaming upon arrival. I sat in my hotel room completely unravelled. The next day I asked the receptionist to remove the discount. I felt so uncomfortable. **The breakfast was nice, the rooms were nice but I felt like an unwelcome guest. And this is very much a feeling of a bed and breakfast- so if you dont like those, you will not like this hotel. The reception area is a small desk in the 1 hallway of the hotel. Rooms are along the hallway. You must walk by the reception area to get to the breakfast area. Everything is on 1 floor.** We ran into Pier one other time and it was upon checkout. He had acted like nothing was wrong and asked us to stay again. He helped us get a different cab since the one we got was too small for all of our bags. It was a complete Jekyll & Hyde scenerio. It was hard to rate this hotel. Given the horrible way my husband and I felt upon arrival and service that is unprecendently low - I have to give this a 2 rating. Had it not been for the seriously foul attitude of Pier upon arrival, I would have rated it a 3.5. In closing, I really hope that I dont get a smarmy response from the SuiteDreams. It would really just make matters worse in my mind and lower my opinion of the hotel.