Complaints: The biggest complaint about this hotel is that for four days our room constantly reeked of cigarette smoke. There are NO SMOKING signs all over the hotel ... it must have been due to the ventilation system of the building, even during most of the night it was almost as if somebody was in our room smoking. The breakfast has a lot of variety, but they put things out day after day to the point that there were always some stale items. And when we got down to the breakfast room a bit after 10, although the food was all still laid out, we were told quite rudely that we could not have any. The staff need to be trained not to stare and glower at guests. On the third and fourth floors, on the street side you get a view of the Blue Mosque, but also street noise and the loud call to prayer. As mentioned by other reviewers, the rooms and bathroom are small, but not tiny. There is no place but the floor to put down a suitcase -- the safe takes up room in the wardrobe to prevent being able to set down a suitcase in there. As mentioned they only changed towels and linens every other day. If our room hadn't stank of tobacco and the breakfast had been fresher, we'd have been satisfied for our $120 a night. Best Point seemed perhaps overpriced, but to be fair, we did not look at the other hotels in the area to get a fair comparison. The good things: Excellent location for the big tourist sights - a very short walk to Blue Mosque, Topkapi, Hagia Sophia, several museums, and plenty of shopping and restaurants. This is a mixed blessing, however. We felt like we were living in a tourist trap. In this part of Istanbul, f you acknowledge in any way people's greetings, they don't let up. It's annoying to have to be rude and ignore everyone, but EVERYBODY in this neighborhood is touting their shop, or guide service, or something and it really gets old fast. It's not like that in the rest of the city, so the location is great for a very quick sightseeing visit, but definitely wrong for a longer stay. Umit at the front desk staff was nice, no pressure, and very helpful when a taxi driver was ripping us off -- I asked what the fare should have been, and he helped me pay only that and get the driver to go away without any troubles. (Beware - the meter was on, but the driver somehow pulled a fast one) Free wifi was reliable with my own laptop. Free CPU terminal in lobby looked like it was busy most of the time, but still a nice thing that they offer it. There is a roof top terrace we discovered by mistake when we overshot our room going up stairs, where you can sit and enjoy views of the Blue Mosque to one side and the Bosporus to the other side. Speaking of stairs, there is no elevator. The staff are eager to help with luggage, but if stairs are a problem for you, a room on the 3rd or 4th floor would a bad thing.