Online Days Inn/Super 8 Website made this place look wonderful - rooms looked nice on pictures, as did building. Then I arrive right off I 55 and the building looks dilapidated and run down. Adjacent to this motel are boarded up houses, a closed down factory, and a closed down motel. The area looked blighted. The building I believe was built in the 1950's...renovated in areas but renovations were very inconsistant. Checkin took 15 minutes as the person was slow in dealing with the people in front of me. I checked in and went up the elevator which did work. I did see the pool which was cloudy which meant PH was way off. The room had a television that did work, plumbing and air conditioning worked fine..Bed seemed okay..but furnishings seemed worn, plaster falling slightly from cieling...Internet reception was poor. Then behind the bed was a hole in the wall which the concrete frame showed. I was going to reluctantly stay until my friend that was with me insisted otherwise. I was affraid I would not be able to get my credit card credited back from the staff. I looked online in the hall for another motel and decided to stay at the first Best Western I could find in the area. As soon as BW indicated a room was available I decided to check out. I attempted to ask for my money back to my credit card and the clerk spent 30 minutes checking another guest in and was unable to enter their license. So I waited there. Finally she did credit my account. Now I feel that bugs and rats are a bit of an exaggeration. Stuff in the room did work but the environment was unacceptable and the condition of the building and pool and internet service was very poor. I was uncomfortable there while my friend refused to even let us stay there. Unfortunatley when booking online you risk this sort of thing. So reading these reviews may be the best way to assess the situation. because of this I will steer clear of Super 8 and when booking with Days Inn will only use Days Inn or better names under Windham. This motel was not even Knights Inn Quality..