IF ROACHES & RATS COULD TALK, THEY WOULD TELL YOUR CUSTOMERS TO STAY AWAY!!!! What a DUMP!! FILTHY, FILTHY, FILTY.....hotel was stinky - the absolute worst experience I've ever had with a hotel. Requested a non-smoking room but the sheets had burns in them and the room smelled of smoke. Lots of mold in both of the rooms we stayed in - dirty carpet, peeling wallpaper AND paint, bugs, TV didn't work right, all lights didn't work. Even after requesting a different room, it wasn't any better - just as terrifying!! IF YOU BOOK ONLINE, NO REFUNDS!!!! And that was the reason why we stayed. ... Unless you like creppy crawlies things like roaches, rats, etc....RUG was so filthy, I would not walk on it without wear shoes or slippers. Complaining does not help - complained about first room (back side of the building) because we saw roaches at 11:00 P.M. - second room did not have working lights - went back and given a third room, not any better than the first....mold, dirt, filth, bugs, bed spread not clean, heater did not work as it should, leaky fauset, toilet handle broken, sometimes did not completely flush, exposed light and wiring above shower where it could be splashed by water. We would have left the first night - but guess what - no refund do to on line reservation and could not find other motel on late notice that was affordable and in the Memphis area. I am notifying Super 8 corp. office and the Memphis dept of tourism to complain & I have a large number of pictures to support my claims. THIS MOTEL IS RUN BY 3rd world people as though it is located in a 3rd world country. When I checked out, I asked the manager if he has EVER inspected any of the rooms?? With a dumb founded look on his face, he said "no - Why?? The people who operate and run this DUMP don't care about cleanliness or you as a customer. I am going to my family doctor for a tetinus shot and antibiotics....just in case we might have caught some infection after staying in this hell hole!!!! HIGH LIGHT OF OUR FIVE DAY STAY - GRACELAND TOUR - other notebles..........first ten minutes in Memphis, stopped at the vistors center for info - we got hit up by homeless beggars - same for BEAHL STREET AREA - couldn't walk downtown like we planned do to many requests for hand-outs.................SAD !!!! DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL EVER!!!!! Stay away from Super 8 in downtown Memphis/Graceland on Illinois Ave. Pictures on thier website is NOT what you get. They will gladly take your money and never apollogize for the 3rd world conditions.