On the face of it, this is a new 5-star hotel which looks gorgeous. And it is indeed gorgeous. However, I'd never go there again. There are 3 classes of problem. 1. facilities - one small lounge-bar with seating for about 20 people to eat: not enough for a 28-floor hotel! - six lifts (elevators) for 28 floors. This results in long waits (several minutes sometimes) for a lift. - public areas are small and narrow (bar, lobby floors) due to the tall thin tower shape of the building. A lot of people can stay here, but they can't all use it at the same time. 2. room usability - the only full length mirror in the room is behind a low-hanging pendant light, and a bedside table, meaning you can't see yourself in it! (I've uploaded a picture of this). - the lighting (halogen downlighters) and the surfaces (black polished marble, black reflective glass) actually mean you walk into things because it's visually confusing! The public toilets on the lobby and bar levels caused almost everyone I spoke to to walk into the wall as they entered. - although free, the WiFi ran very slowly (less than 1Mb/s) and ceased to work completely on the afternoon of my 2nd day there - the sink in the bathroom was a free standing bowl with a mixer tap high above it. The result of this design is that everything, the floor, the mirror, your belongings and you, get wet if you even run the tap very gently, due to the large area of splashes this creates 3. location - it's in Madrid - but only just. It's in a peripheral, suburban area with no bars, restaurants or cafes that would cater to tourists, and non-Spanish speakers. It's about 7.5km from the city centre, which is a quite expensive taxi ride. There's a Metro station near-ish, but I guess you probably aren't thinking about public transport if you're staying in a 5-star hotel. Then there are little things, which even in 3-star hotels, you really expect. No box of tissues in the bathroom - just a plastic packet of 4 tiny tissues. A tiny folding ironing board which is awkward to use, and has to go on the desk, meaning you need to rearrange all the stuff the desk is already loaded with. (There's a picture of this). And not quite so little things. The TV is about 26". Small by modern standards and hard to see from the bed 10 ft away. There is no alarm clock or stereo or radio. Nothing to plug an MP3 player into. This is very unusual. The Hotel Arts, a 5-star place in Barcelona, has a Bang & Olufsen stereo and TV in every room. And every Hilton, Marriott, Crowne Plaza (etc.) that I stay at in the world always has a clock and a radio, and sometimes an MP3 speaker. Noise is also quite a problem, due to the hard wooden floors in the rooms. You can hear your next door and upstairs neighbours walking around, quite loudly, which isn't again what you expect in a 5-star hotel. Overall, the hotel is beautifully designed, and certain to be of interest to architects and architecture students. However, it's not practically usable by guests in my opinion, at least not as an expensive 5-star hotel, and in any case, it's location on the edge of the city near nothing in particular makes it fairly pointless. I can't see why it was built like this, here. Sadly, I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone, and I can usually find at least a few positive things to say about everywhere I've stayed.