Every year, I take my Mom downtown for Mother's Day weekend. We try to stay at a different hotel every time to experience all the fun things to do in Chicago. I decided on the Avenue hotel this year because of its location (which is excellent) and its price happened to be within my budget. I called the hotel directly to find out if they were doing anything special for Mother's Day as most hotels where we've stayed over the years have done. They explained to me that they had a special package deal that weekend (for an extra charge) that included complimentary brunch and mimosas. I thought, "My Mom will love that" and made my reservations. When we got there, we were immediately surprised at how small the lobby was compared to all the other places we have stayed in the city. When we got to our room, again, we were dissappointed by how small and dark it was. I had brought an expensive, special bottle of wine to share with my Mom over the weekend only to find that in order to keep it cold, I had to pay $25 for the USE of the refrigerator. Keep in mind, I wasn't planning on consuming anything FROM the refrigerator. The special wine is a tradition and I have NEVER been charged for the use of the refrigerator in any other hotel. The first morning, when we got up, we were excited about having our complimentary brunch and a mimosa and headed to the "Sky Lounge" to eat. The front desk had given us vouchers for the two days. The brunch was just ok (definitely not worth the extra money I paid). What really irked me though was, when we asked the semi-comatose and unfriendly "waiter" for our mimosas, he said, "Uh, we don't serve alcohol until after five." Now this is an orange juice-based drink (that we already paid for, mind you) and is traditionally drank during, I don't know, BRUNCH-THE TIME BETWEEN BREAKFAST AND LUNCH. We were very dissappointed as my Mom had her heart set on the extravagant drink. We ended up going down to the neighboring Elephant lounge and ordered them there. When we complained to the front desk, absolutely nothing was done. We weren't given our money back for the cost of the drinks (which would have been four total). Later that week, I contacted the manager who credited my credit card $50 for the mixup. Of course that was appreciated but it should have been addressed when we complained. The one bright spot was the concierge who was incredibly helpful in suggesting where to have dinner. All in all, it wasn't a horrible experience but it wasn't a memorable one. IF you're not planning on spending much time in your hotel room, the location is great. But if you're going for the whole stay/eat/drink experience, for the money, stay somewhere else.