My husband and I stayed at the Shoreham during our first trip to Ocean City and Assateague. I love older, locally-owned places and gave this place a try despite mixed reviews. Here are my own... Pros: The staff were all friendly, and the woman who booked my reservation by phone was really nice, answering a bunch of questions. There is a typical Irish pub below the hotel; I was afraid it would be noisy and it wasn't. The food and service there were pretty good. The location is great - right on the boardwalk near several restaurants/bars/stores/the beach, etc. Cons: This place is need of some serious renovation and upkeep! The decor is lacking, but that's nothing too major. The floors, however, are slanted enough that I was seriously concerned about the building's structure. The mini fridge didn't work and smelled awful. The bathroom was TINY! and the shower only trickled. The bathroom door didn't shut well. There were no curtains - only cheap slatted blinds - on the windows, so the east-facing room was incredibly bright in the morning. The walls are very thin so we could hear neighbors easily. Housekeeping never came (we were there for two nights). The remote control didn't work. There were stains on some of the furniture. And worst of all, we paid extra for an ocean-front room that was 1. obscured in part by a roof below us and 2. totally not worth it - I was picturing a balcony, or at least a window that opened up so I could feel the breeze. The window opened only a few inches, and we were so on top of the boardwalk people just stared in when the blinds were drawn anyway. Do NOT bother paying more for oceanfront!! The building's entrance is on the side, in a parking log. It's near the staff entrance of the Irish pub - so you walk in amid a parking lot, garbage, and people hanging out smoking. Also, I was told there's a public pool across the street. I'm not sure if it's technically public - it has a public entrance because it's adjacent to a bar that's open to the public - but it's part of another hotel! If this were a hostel I would think it was alright - but for a proper hotel, for the price, I will not stay there again and would not recommend it to friends/family.