I booked a night for a standard room with large advance for a romantic trip and with great disappointment I was given a room for disabled. With all the due respect for disabled people, you can imagine that the situation can be awkward on a romantic trip. The room has the door just next to the reception, so literally anybody look at you as you move in and out and stare into the room where there might be your partner in underwear. I have never seen anything like that in my entire life. The room is obviously sub-standard and shouldn't be used at all if not for people with handicap. Suggestion, avoid booking standard rooms in this place as you will pay crazy money for a substandard hotel, I had a 2 stars experience at most. As we settle in we soon realize it is freezing inside. I call reception and mention the issue, the answer is "yes I can see that, it is 17 degrees C in there as it was unoccupied before your arrival, we'll put the temperature up immediately". Shouldn't have they prepared the room for our arrival? I don't work in a hotel but it seems pretty basic common sense to me. We had to stay in the room with coats on and eventually had to live as temperature wasn't building up, the building is very old and very poorly insulated, especially if you are on the ground floor, in the corner of the building. The free WI-FI didn't work, not in the ground floor at least, and I tried with both PC and mobile. They charge local taxes even if your booking clearly include them. Buffet breakfast is full english but very poor. Fruit juices are not freshly squeezed and are horrible, a freshly squeezed orange juice is charged 5 Euro. Fried eggs 8 Euro, 10 with ham or bacon. Very poor representation of italian salami and cheese in terms of quality and selection (1 salami, 1 cooked ham and 1 cheese). During the breakfast the staff in the kitchen was clearly arguing and the whole atmosphere was pretty annoying. The room was poorly furnished and had very low ceilings, to the point that I wonder if they meet the health and safety regulations. Had to take the shower on my knees, it is supposed to be for people on wheelchair probably. You need to keep lights on as if you open the curtains you are in the middle of the square. This hotel has probably a lot of good reviews because of the people who chose a suite. For standard rooms go somewhere else or you might ruin your trip like it happened to me.