I stayed at the Hotel Seref twice in a month, once for a week and a second time for a couple of days. In my first room the hot water was intermittent in the bathroom, but I figured I could live with cold showers for the low price of the room. I was woken up two nights in a row by people having loud sex in neighboring rooms. Other than that the stay was uneventful. The breakfast included in the room price is basic. The staff are young guys who are pleasant but don't seem to know much about running a hotel. Ask them a yes or no question and you will invariably get "maybe" for an answer. Against my better judgement I made a reservation to return to the Seref a week later. I told them I would be arriving late in the morning and they told me they would have a room ready for me. When I arrived the room was not ready. Several hours later when they gave me the key I went to the room and noticed a putrid smell as I stood at the door. I opened the door and found black mold on the bedroom ceiling and walls, and all over the bathroom. The ceiling was stained from water damage and appeared to sag in a corner of the bedroom. I alerted the desk clerk to the environmental and structural hazards in the room but they didn't seem to phase him. He said he knew my room and few others on my floor had "problems," which begs the question why he gave me the room in the first place. He offered me another room, which of course was not ready, so I had to wait while they prepared it for me. The new room had traces of black mold in it, but the walls weren't coated with it like the last room and I was leaving early the following morning so I took it. But the bedroom flooded out when I took a shower. I discovered the threshold of the bathroom door was lower than the shower drain, essentially funneling water straight into the bedroom. The going rate for budget hotels in Beyoglu is currenly about 40 USD . The Seref charges 35 USD a night, but hassles you will endure staying there are not worth the small amount of money you save. Spend 5 USD more on another hotel. You will be glad you did.