I only spent a weekend in Montreal, so I stayed here for one night. I got to Montreal early in the morning, but spent the entire day out and about taking care of what I had come for - I ended up checking in around 5:00pm. I freshened up a bit for an hour or two, then left for dinner and a night out. I ended up getting back to the hotel at around 4:00am - so my experience was really limited to only Sunday morning - and yet, I still ended up with a really bad taste in my mouth. I had really unpleasant interactions with the hotel's staff from the moment I arrived, and was barked at for stopping in front of the hotel to unload my luggage (in the guest load/unload zone), all the way to check-out. I didn't take any pictures of the room, as it was identical to the pictures that are already up on this site. Instead, I have provided here two very condensed anecdotes of what I am referring to when I say that my experience with this hotel's staff was surprisingly disappointing. The information booklet in my room listed no information about room service for breakfast, but it did indicate that there was a little shop in the lobby that sold food. I just needed something quick and easy, so I figured I would just run downstairs and grab a muffin or something. The shop ended up being a closet and not having any food, which is fine. So I checked with the front desk if there was any way to get something sent up to my room. I spoke with a certain Andrew, who was incredibly condescending and rude. I was told that the only way to find out about what is available is to physically go to the restaurant and talk to them, as "there is no food at the front desk that I can eat, clearly". He said that he could not call the restaurant on my behalf and that if I wanted food, I would have to call from my room. On the way back to my room from this unexpectedly rude experience, I got stuck in the elevator. Now I realize that this is the fault of no one, I certainly do not blame it on the hotel staff. However, it is the way that they handled the problem that was so disappointing. We called on the emergency phone in the elevator and were connected to the front desk - they were rude and failed to appreciate how inconvenient (and potentially frightening) being trapped in an elevator for 30 minutes might be. The other guests and I were told that they would send someone to verify...The elevator continued to run up and down to various floors by itself, but would not open its doors. In the end, we got off at the 11th floor - and in the mean time, no one had been notified. More rude staff (cleaning) were trying to get in the elevator as we were getting off - indicating that not even staff had been notified of the situation, and providing yet another opportunity for unpleasant staff interaction. Look, the hotel itself is fine - the location is great, the rooms are clean (except for some unpleasant long hairs found in my bed), and the price is right. Just don't expect any more than that. Honestly, it takes very little for a hotel to be clean and well-located - it is the service and attention to detail that distinguishes one hotel from another. The staff at this property were more akin to an interstate motel than a four-star Hilton.