Don't Stay Here This is my third day at the resort and I wanted to write my thoughts about what's going on. Check in was easy. We were greeted with cold towels and a nice fruit drink. So far, so good. That's when the problems started. Although we requested a room with two double beds, when we arrived at the room, there was only one bed. The bellboy called the front desk while we waited outside the room for fifteen minutes. We dragged our carry on luggage back to the front desk (which was quite a hike since the property is quite large) while one of the manager apologized for the mixup and handed another set of room keys. Unfortunately the second room that we went to was occupied (oops, that was quite a screw up). The third room was ok, although it had some issues (which I'll discuss later).Pros: The bar and restaurant staff is great. They jump over backwards to take care of you. Slip them a few bucks and they'll remember you and take care of you. No one seems to tip here, but a little money goes a long way. They're hard working folks and do the their best to take care of you. The grounds are beautiful and they're always maintenance people cleaning. The pool is nice and big although you've got to be crazy to swim in it because the water's sub-zero. The lobby bar and piano bar are beautiful and elegant. The beach is pretty.Cons: I don't know where to start, but to sum it up, they never should've opened so early. Half the rooms aren't finished and there is construction all over the place. Our room, in particular has many problems. When you take a shower, the toilet (which is adjacent to the shower) floods halfway through the bathroom area. The floors are made of marble and an inch of water on the floor can be quite nasty and unsafe. The tv is on the desk (not mounted to the wall as it should be), there are several open electrical outlets, there is no outside handle to the patio door, the room is halfway painted, the A/C doesn't work half the time. The food is terrible (PLEASE don't go to the French restaurant) and I think I will be losing weight on this trip (which may not be a bad thing but considering you paid a premium amount of $$ for a vacation it would be nice to eat well). The elevator was broken for two days. They clean the room really late in the day (after 6, which I think is completely unacceptable). Today I called housekeeping for extra towels three times (which I need to mop up the flooding floor). By 11:30 p.m., there were no towels, so I dragged myself up to front desk and yelled at them. I waited a half an hour at the desk until they brought them to me. They pump seriously annoying music through a sound system that runs through the entire property (mostly by the pool area). Drowning it out with a iPod is the only answer or else you will go nuts. The beach is narrow and crowded.I have spoke to several people that I've met and most of them have had problems, some worse and some better. My advice to anyone considering staying at this hotel....DON'T. They might work out the kinks in the next 6-9 months or so. Then it will be a fabulous hotel. Management cannot cope with all the problems. Worse, they just don't care. They NEVER would consider comping your for anything, refunding your money or apologizing for what's going on. If I could, would leave right now. It's that bad. Save your hard earned money and go somewhere else and don't make the mistake I did.