While I quite like the W concept, in this case they didn't deliver what they promise and less what they charged. It starts with a reservation confirmation signed by the General Manager, you reply to it with a late check out request you receive an answer "Dear Valued Customer...." outlining the cancellation policy but nowhere near your request! Computerized customer relationship management of it's finest. One of the best experiences was the porter, he didn't only deliver the luggage to the right room but added quite some nice destination info. The "wonderful non smoking room" bed was smelling of a solid smoker staying in the room before! The harbor view we reserved was the view on the back of the Ritz Carlton! Why the suitcase provision in the room to unpack if you can't even get a regular size Samsonite opened on it? Quite some fancy schnick schnack in terms of merchandising but this most important feature used by probably each and every guest is under-designed. I quite liked the room design but opening a coke a few drops went onto the floor. Like a good guest I got a wet cloth from the bathroom and removed the drops from the carpet realizing that there was truckloads of hair all over the floor! Disgusting! That was not the only spot where hair was to be found. The stone used all over the room is quite nice but if not treated the right way like the shower in my room this can be a counter productive feature looking dirty. Also the shower ceiling was damaged. The sound system was quite cool although the TV speaker covering textile was full of food or beverage splashes. The moveable light attached to the beds headboard made a horrible sound turning it. The TV at the bathtub could be a nice feature....provided it works! Calling my colleague to pick me up at the room resulted in a workout as you can't get on another floor without being escorted by the staff. The living room was quite poor visited despite it being a Saturday, staff here was stone cold. The rooftop bar was closed "open only in the summer", we had something like 25 degrees.... The SPG TV is one of the nicer features, nice information about the city but an overdose of Starwood! Upon check-out I commented on the internet being a workout to get it going, my colleague had the same issue, the Front Office staff nodded but didn't even bother to ask for details. Although the attached shopping mall and underground connectivity the location is still a little off the beaten track, this despite the hotel being on Kowloon side and close to the harbor. The concierge team was quite helpful but the best part of the W experience def was the breakfast buffet.