Me and my husband did a quick two nights trip in Hong Kong. We usually stay away from Kowloon Island but since what we wanted to do this time was mainly on the Kowloon side, we thought we would give it a try and stay with W. First, the location is OK. It's right above the Kowloon Station BUT, if you have a lot of luggage and planning to travel to the hotel with the Airport Express, then we won't recommend staying here coz you'll need to drag your luggages from the station to the hotel. A lot of walking and very confusing like the other people have mentioned. And personally, we hate the mall downstairs (The Element). It's huge but confusing. We don't like the shops there anyway. It's mainly design for the mainland tourist with heaps of luxury shops but to be honest, not that something I will go shop at regularly. The location is not like other hotel in Central or Causeway Bay where you can easily walk to the city and find nice local foods or restaurants. So not recommend to those who are new to Hong Kong and planning to do a lot of sight seeing. Now the room. The room is nice coz we got upgraded to the Fantastic Suit (I was upgraded because my check-in was delayed and was frustrated with the slow check in process). However, we were told by the staff, during check in, that we have 29,000 points with our SGP membership and that we can redeem the rooms for free. I told them that we didn't think we have so many points but if they see it on the system, it can't be wrong and yeah.. why not. So, when we check out, the staff now told us that we don't have enough points to redeem and that redemption needs to be applied online in advance. To be honest, we don't care about paying and we were planning to pay but it tells us that how messy their system is. Worse, their staff never admit that they make a mistake. They make it sounds like it was all our "miscommunication". Why can't they just admit and say "I'm sorry". Another incident was that on Day 2, we got a message from the hotel saying that our airline trying to contact us. When we called, it was the Lufthansa hotline and obviously the message wasn't for us coz we were flying with Cathy. So, another thing telling us that the system screw up somehow. Oh, did I mention also they sent us the wrong luggage to our room. When I told them that it wasn't our luggage, the staff was like "oh. where are your luggage". Hey, you tell me where my luggage were coz you have my stuff at the first place. So all in all, nice room but bad systems and services to live up with the big name. Not a fan of boutique hotel and definitely not W Hong Kong for that kind of services.