We booked through an Australian Travel Agent and made sure we had an organised tour for Mexico which included accomodation at 3 Star standard and above. We were very disapointed and scared because we were supposed to be on a tour but we had no english speaking guide unless we did a day tour which we finally found out. The hotel itself is ok but the street outside and the surrounding streets are not. The hotel is located in Reforma. Most of the streets are named after major cities around the world. If don't speak any spanish or very little spanish, its even scarier. We barely stayed here for three nights and really had no choice to move hotels because it was prepaid. Here's the good points and the bad points of our stay here: PROS (not that many....) - Bed, TV - Card Access to room - In hotel restaurant - Room service - Tolietries - House Keeping Daily - Free Wi-Fi Access in room (if you have a laptop) CONS - No Iron and Ironing Board in room. - Safe in room had the lock cut out off it and broken. - Remote control for the TV was bolted to the wall above the bed. - No Alarm clock. - The staff were rude even when you tried to speak spanish. - Poor-No English speaking staff - No Access to Cooked Food except in the hotel restaurant which was overpriced and very bad food. - Hotel restaurant served Breakfast daily which was so unedible we did not eat. The coffee and juice was passable. - The lobby is overun daily by other tourists waiting for tour buses all morning. - For a supposed 3 star hotel which has recently had "renovations", the decor and furnishings were outdated by 20 years. - The bathroom smelt like mold but was clean. - Lift was tiny, couldn't fit your luggage in. - Spanish speaking guests and most locals were extremely rude and didn't help at all. - The street outside the hotel is constantly busy 24 hours a day with tour buses, deliver trucks, cars, police sirens and anyone who wants to beep their horn. The windows of the hotel we so bad the noise is amplified whilst trying to sleep. - It was not safe to walk outside the hotel at all. - No access to drinking water. TRAVELLER TIPS - Do not stay Mexico City, very dirty and dangerous despite the presence of thousands of police. If you need (or want) to stay in Mexico City, stay around Zona Rosa as there are many westernised restaurants within walking distance in this area. - Stay in at least four star accomodation. - Do not drink the tap water. - Do visit Teotihucan and Anthropolgical Museum they are awesome. If you do stay at this hotel: - Learn spanish - Use the OXXO (like 7-eleven) on the corner for bottled water, incidentials and snack foods (across the street at the end). - Stay out on a tour for as long as you can so you keep your presence in the hotel to a minimum. - If you must eat at the hotel restaurant "Kortina", stick to westernised foods and remember that they automatically add the tip to your bill if you dine in the restaurant its called "propina". Usually 10 - 15% of your total bill. - Don't leave anything out and lock everything away. Take valuables with you at all times even on tours. We were fightened every day and never felt relaxed or calm. Nothing happened, but the threat that something would was enough to turn us off the place. Please be very careful.