DONT STAY HERE!!! I only give 2 stars to this hotel because the staff was friendly and helpful, and because they have free internet. They also were very punctual with wake up calls. Otherwise, the place is horrible! The claim that the hotel is a 4* is laughable; I would not give them even 3*. First of all, it is FAR! Realistically, it takes about an hour to get from here to anywhere in the center of the city. I usually dont mind using public transport if it saves me money, but buses in Rome get packed to the gills even on weekends and you will have to make at least one transfer on your way, so using public transportation here is not a good option, especially if you spend the whole day walking around and don't need strain and stress of riding in a packed bus for an hour. It is not feasible to return to the hotel in the afternoon, relax and go out to eat in the evening. Secondly, you can not call out, both internationally and within Italy, even using a calling card! They blocked phone lines, and I was not able to get an explanation as to why. This is unacceptable, and is a failure to provide a basic service. Also, midway through my stay something happened and I could not get connected even with the front desk, and had to come downstairs whenever I needed something. Third, you can not set a thermostat to your liking. The default setting was full blast heating for some reason, and I had to sleep with open windows, which let in mosquitoes. Also, sound insulation is insufficient, and I was getting woken up by people walking in the hallway. Fourth, the room and bed are tiny. Sheets are well worn and have holes. They give only one towel, but it is changed daily and was nice and clean. The shower is OK, also. However, they do not provide shampoo. Some rooms are even tinier than the one that I got! Fifth, the rooms are not clean. There is a lot of dust, and they dont get vacuumed regularly. Also, the hotel is very far from the airport. You will have to pay E65-70 to get there. Taxi fare to the train station is about E20. The chair is very uncomfortable. Breakfast was blah. There is no clock in the room. There is no suitcase stand. They dont provide a pen and a notepad either. The only non-Italian channel is BBC. There is only one elevator in the building. I could go on, but you get the picture! I would strongly recommend to look for another place in Rome.