The location was good for getting around Sydney by train and by bus. The hotel itself is old with a small clean lobby directly open to the restaurant and just off the streetside pub. We arrived early AM from the airport after spending 23 hours straight on planes and in airports. We were looking forward to showers and a change of clothes so we were grateful when the desk clerk very graciously put us directly into our room without waiting for the 2 o'clock check-in time since the room was already made up. Then there's the rest of the story... We stepped out of the well maintained elevator into a rabbit warren of dark and dirty passages that were littered with dirty dishes and linens to find a tiny, just barely clean, shabbily furnished room with the smallest bathroom we have ever seen. We almost had enough room for both of us to move around the bed to the closet at the same time. No way were 2 people going to fit in the bathroom at the same time; Just 1 person could barely squeeze in! There was an "inside view" of what amounted to a large airshaft that housed the utilities for the hotel. The sun never found it's way into our room. The air conditioning unit in the room thankfully worked but it was extremely noisy and a bit smelly. Well, to be fair, it may have been the carpet that smelled bad and the air conditioning unit just recirculated it. Hard to tell. We had noise from the hallway and other rooms that came right through the walls and closed door at night. The bedding was old and well worn but it was clean and there were no bed bugs...We'll give them that! We spent very little time in our room except to shower and sleep so we stayed put for both nights of our reservation instead of trying to leave. This was our first experience with an Australian hotel so we were concerned at this point about other "4 star" hotels and resorts that we had booked before leaving home. We're glad to say that the rest of the 4 star ratings were fairly awarded but how The Great Southern Hotel ever earned this rating is a complete mystery to us. Great it is not.