We stayed here for only 8 hours and only because all of the Changi Airport terminal hotels were full (the terminal hotels would have been vastly cheaper - they say book two weeks in advane - we tried much earlier than this but they were all full). Check in time at the Crowne Plaza is 2pm so we stored our luggage with the concierge when we arrived at 6.30am, then returned at 2.30pm, hoping to sleep for 7.5 hours before our next flight. When we got back we were told our room (triple room - two double beds) was not ready. When I expressed dissatisfation with this we were offered a double room in which they would set up a trundle bed. I agreed to this and our luggage was promptly dispatched to the room. We sat in the room for an hour waiting for the trundle, during which time my teenage daughter tried to have a bath, but the water was not sufficiently hot for a bath - probably would have been okay for a shower. At 3.30pm I went back to reception and complained - LOUDLY that we were unable to sleep, which is what we booked the room for, when not everyone had a bed. At this stage the manager shifted us to a different room with two double beds (why weren't we given this to begin with?) In fairness, they gave us a free meal just before we left to get on our flight (this was a lineball decision for me as I had to wake up early to eat it and I really preferred the sleep, but I woke up to eat the meal just on principal). Additionally, I had actually booked a room on another date for another family member as well via the hotel's website. I checked the refund info on the website before I finally committed to it. It said that there was a non-refundable deposit that would be payable on cancellation. I couldn't find the amount of this deposit but decided to risk it anyway. The total cost of the booking was debited to my card immediately and when I did have to cancel the booking a couple of weeks before the booked date, I found that the "deposit" was the total cost of the stay! I engaged in email correspondence with them but they were immovable. I argued that a "deposit" is, by definition, not the total cost but this got me nowhere, although they offered to change the date of the booking (as if we swan through Singapore on a regular basis).