I had great expectations for this hotel since it's in our home turf. During Christmas Eve, I decided to stay at the Crown Plaza Hotel Changi Airport for a night with my mom. Each of us got a room. We were charged for the room days in advance and we were told to arrive after 2 pm to make sure our rooms were in place. We also requested a high floor and a view of the planes taking off, which we were told could be arranged. At 2 pm on the 24th of December 2010, when we arrived, only one out of the two booked rooms was ready for checking in. This was at 2.30 pm. We told the front desk clerk that this was unaccepted. That's when we noticed the room given to us was on the fifth floor. We had been told when we made payment, that our rooms would be the the seventh floor. So not only was our room not ready, what was promised to us was not give to us. They managed to get the details of our booking and confirmed that we had, indeed, made a request for the seventh floor booking. But the rooms were still not ready. So I told the manager that we would take a step back and go for lunch. It's time like this this you have to let go and be less demanding. We came back at 4pm that day and were finally checked in. The room was gorgeous. The view stunning. Yet when I tried to get my laptop to surf wirelessly, it turns out the wifi is unavailable in this room. I would have to use a cable provided. On top of that, I would have to pay $30 Singapore dollars to surf the net. This was unacceptable. I spoke to the duty manager named Nadia and she agreed that many of her guests had commented about this. But the management refuses to give complimentary internet service because internet service is not managed by them. What a ludicrous reason. I don't expect them to be an internet provider but surely they could give free internet if they wanted to. Finally, in view of our tardy check in, she decided that to waive off the internet connection cost. We shall see, since I haven't checked out yet as I am typing this. Breakfast: It's quite bad. My mother went down alone to have breakfast first and was given a lousy seat right in front of the restaurant, just beside the usher. The entire restaurant was free! But because those were "4-seaters" at the back, she wasn't allowed to have those tables. When I finally came down to the second floor to join her, I noticed how strange she looked. The entire restaurant was so bare yet she's there sitting right beside the usher. She also wasn't offered coffee when she sat down and had to ask if cofee was self service. I ordered french toast with the chef and it wasn't properly cooked. The toasts were not uniformly coated and they didn't taste good at all. I returned the remaining french toasts, had some fruits and left. Oh, the papaya tasted like garlic cause I think they used the very same knife to chop up garlic to slice the papaya. Ewwwwww. I know garlic is good for you but mixed with papaya, that's just gross! I wouldn't come back for this kind of sloppy "hospitality"even if they gave me free accommodations. Did you know that you don't get newspaper in the morning. No sir. It's not free unless you are a VIP and stay for more than 2 nights. Oh, and it's Christmas Day that we stay. What a wonderful way to spend Christmas. I was told we could check out at 4 pm today, but seriously, I would rather go back home than waste more time at this God-forsaken place. The infrastructure is wonderful. Room is gorgeous. View is fantastic. But service sucks big time. These people are vampires. And I am nobody's victim. I hope no one has to suffer like I did. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!