Stayed here for two nights in the suite that came with my wedding package. Was extremely disappointed with the event-support by the hotel, and many of my guests had pretty negative feedback as well, which is a story for another occasion. In essence, even things that are stated in the agreement may not necessarily be delivered, and they are not in the least apologetic about it. I had written in to complain but have yet to hear a response a week on... And counting... As for what is more relevant to travellers in Tripadvisor: Room was pretty good--clean and well-maintained (probably because they are relatively new). Service, however, left much to be desired. Lack of consistency was one of the gripes. Several of the guests to my wedding had also booked rooms to stay over after the wedding banquet. After the event, we realised that some rooms had bottled water provided, some had not. The same went for fruit baskets and the morning papers. We found it interesting that for my own room, I had none of those, except newspapers which were delivered on only one of the mornings. Housekeeping did a pretty good job of cleaning up the room, but strangely enough, they looked like they wanted nothing to do with the used tray and dishes from room service from our first day, which was left there till the time we ordered room service again just before we left, when the person delivering room service finally asked if they should clear the tray from the first day of our stay. In any case, room service is not recommended. Food is not fantastic but grossly over-priced. The eateries in the airport building serve food of the same quality at half, or even 25% of the price. Staff service was also inconsistent. Staff in the restaurant where we had breakfast were great. However, some others were not so. The most disappointing was when we were checking out, we were lugging quite a few bulky items from our wedding between the both of us. Along the way to the lobby we came across at least 3 members of staff. All said "Hi". None offered any assistance. One of the "highlights" was parking. We were issued with wrong parking tickets, a fact which was verified by the hotel staff. While they admitted that someone in the hotel had made a mistake, nobody was willing (or able, as they claimed) to help me, saying that I had to go back to the person who had issued me with the tickets to get replacements, as nobody else present in the entire hotel at that time was authorised to rectify the problem. Coincidentally, the person who had issued us with the wrong tickets had gone out of office after our wedding event. In the end, I had to pay for my own parking as everyone I had spoken with claimed to be unable to help. In summary, Singapore is small. Getting to other hotels from the airport does not take up too much time. I do not see any particularly good reason to stay in this one.