We did our reservations via the Priority Club website and made sure to place our check-in and check-out times according to our flight arrival and departure. Our flight was to arrive at midnight and then depart 18 hours later at 8pm. I stay about 30 to 60 days a year in hotels, so I know that this isn't a common hotel check-in and check-out time - *BUT* I expected a hotel *WITHIN* the airport to be more understanding. We arrived at 1am, very tired, and were told that our pre-paid reservation was for the upcoming day, and that we couldn't check-in for another 10 hours! Finally, the girl (Jamie) at the check-in counter agreed to let us check-in but charge us an extra $100 on-top of our already paid room! This is ridiculous! I expected more from an "airport" hotel! All we wanted was to have a place to sleep during our short stay. We ended up being FORCED to pay for 1 and 1/2 days worth, when we got only 1/2 day worth. Internet was supposedly included, but it showed just 1 bar! -- I was unable to access anything. The WiFi page that loaded asked me to call some 1800 #, etc. but I didn't bother. If it's that difficult to access the Internet (something that should be as standard as running water), then I don't have time to waste. The hotel amenities showed that a "business center" is available. I decided to go there to access the Internet. I was charged $0.80 PER MINUTE to use (slow) Internet at this business center. And another thing that annoyed me profusely was the $12 tag on a bottle of water in the room. $12 for a bottle of plain water! In the hotel "feedback" form, I wrote: "I would have been happier with a TV 2" smaller, if it allowed you to afford a bottle of water. In fact, I would have been happy if you didn't insult me with a $12 price-tag on the water bottle and raised the room-rate by $12". This hotel is either very low on cash, or they expect to charge one of the highest rates in Singapore and STILL rip people off. The whole idea behind charging more for room rates is that there are more amenities and services included. I've stayed at hotels for half the price that offer free bottled water, free no-hassle WiFi, free breakfast, and even bell-boys to handle your luggage. Don't get me wrong. The hotel is magnificent - furnished beyond expectations and with great views. It is just that the customer service at this hotel tarnished all that - and we couldn't really enjoy ourselves with the bad "ripped-off" feeling.