You would think that the Crowne Plaza line would have some real consistency, right? And you'd think that anything in Singapore would have top notch service, right? And certainly something associated with Changi's T3 would be world class, right? And being a Priority Club Platinum member the experience should be great, right? Well, if you said yes to any of these, you'd be wrong....... like I was. Let me explain.... I arrived about 1:30 pm and frankly the first thing that struck me was how dark (foreboding?) the entrance is coming in from cheery T3. But no matter, I knew that things would be great once I got situation. What? Room not ready? No worries, I wait 30 minutes and a helpful young lady says room 629 was ready, and here was my key. The bellman was helpful to carry my bags up, and life seemed good. Walking to the room, I was reminded of a 1960's type motel. The hallway was exposed, and frankly, all of the concrete and black and brown sheet metal really seemed cheap. In fact, the cast iron "bars" that surrounded the facade added to the "cheap" feel. But no matter, off to a shower and a nice bed. What? Door was bolted on 629? The doorman knocked on the door, and finally a young lady answered. Unfortunately, she was not my wife and probably wouldn't take kindly to sharing a room. So the bellman runs back to the front desk, leaving me and my luggage in the hallway for another 20 minutes. OK, new room 644. OK, thanks. Now to be fair, the room was OK, not overly warm, but OK. Bed was decent, and they did have a nice LCD TV and I-pod docking station. Shower time. Hmmm, nice shampoo, but what's this-no hot water? Brrr.. OK, forget it, I'll try in the morning. Zooooooom Zoooooom planes sure run late here at Changi, but it's 6 am and time for my nice hot shower. But what? No hot water again? That's it, I'm checking out. Yes, I left my key card up in the room. Yes, really I did. If you need to charge me for it, send someone up to check I can't get in again. Yes, really I left it there. Seriously folks, they blew it with this property. Hopefully they will get the bugs worked out, but really as cheap and dark as this place feels you woudl be much better off to spend the S$3 on a train ride into town. For S$300 you'll get a much better deal at the Conrad, HI Atrium, or even the old HI Parkview.