HEED ALL THE WARNINGS! We didnt. Unfortunately, we decided to ignore the bad reviews on here and give the Hotel Re a try. It looked really cool and was close to China Town and a metro stop that would get us into the center of town quickly. Thats all well and good, but the actually hotel was a DISASTER. The staff was extremely rude and unaccommodating. And they lie. We didnt have a reservation and decided to just show up (because there were vacancies online). When we got there, they told us everything was booked. Then they said they would call a hotel down the street to see if there was anything there. Um, right. The girl picked up the phone and didnt even hit any numbers. She replaced the receiver about 30 seconds later and told us the other hotel was booked too. (Was there some sort of recording to tell her that right when she picked up the phone??) Then, as we got to the door to leave and find another place, a room magically opened up for us! Wasnt that convenient. We were told we could have that room for one night and then we would have to change rooms (fine). When we went down the next morning, the woman at the front desk told us we could just stay in that room but for the third night we would have to change rooms. Ok, fine. Well we went down the next morning and there were only the most expensive rooms left and the young man at the front desk, Benjamin (not his real name, Im sure), told us we had to take the room which was more than double the price we were currently paying. (The woman the day before had told us this wouldnt happen.) When I asked for a manager, Benjamin LAUGHED at me. Im sorry, I asked him, is it funny that I would like to speak to a manager? When the manager came, I had to argue with him for 50 minutes until we finally agreed to what we had been promised the morning before. In the midst of the argument, he told me they had no other rooms (sorry kiddo, we heard that lie the first night we were there). We should have left the minute the first lie was told. On top of that, toiletries were not replaced every morning as promised. There werent the right number of towels. I have stayed at MANY hotels and hostels during my travels and this was by far the WORST, MOST FRUSTRATING experience and I wouldnt recommend it to anyone. Maybe my worst enemy, but thats being generous.