Perhaps reviews are still alright because of the low rates and many promotions that come with the hotel packages. I booked a rejuvenate package that comes with a 60 min massage for my spouse's birthday celebration. The exterior of the hotel was gaudy, had mismatching lights greeting us before we stepped into the hotel lobby. The duty manager didn't know his stuff well and had to keep asking his colleague that caused both of us standing there for so long. We wanted to book the massage time and he told us that we didn't have to book because there will be available masseurs when we walk in to the massage place. So we didn't. Plus he didn't know how to swipe my card as well. Had dinner at the hotel, though we had 30% off food menu and 1-for-1 drinks all night, the food was terrible. Staff was polite but kept forgetting our stuff like utensils, plates etc. Oh but the only good thing was that they upgraded our room to the suite or 2nd biggest room due to available rooms. Room was alright, kinda small but has a bathtub. Gave us l'occitane shower gel and shampoo and bath salts too. Bed was comfy! The next morning we woke up in the morning to book our massage for 2pm, and the duty manager said it was fully booked till 6pm. We related what the previous duty manager told us, that we didn't have to book, so why could it have been fully booked? He was nonchalent and replied: I can't help you, Its really fully booked. What can I do? Was obviously shocked to hear that, and after explaining the situation to him for a longer time, he said he'll call us back. We waited for about 15-20 minutes, before we called him back. The first time he didn't pick up, the second time he picked up and said: Yah you want to ask regarding your massage thing right, it's fully booked I told you. Why did he needed to 'call me back' and tell me the same thing??? Which he didn't call as promised too! He told me to go back another day and said he couldn't do anything about it. Another staff took over and finally came up with a solution to extend our stay till 6pm so we could enjoy the massage at 6pm. Massage wasn't 60 mins, it was about 45-50 minutes. Masseurs seemed to be in a rush, they just applied pressure on my body, didn't seem too professional, think I could do this myself. We agreed we'll never go back to hotel Re anymore.