Thought it was fun to get hotel room just for an overnight stay with my gf, and found Hotel Re!'s 50% on its room rates. Hence I decided rashly and booked a themed suite (the one with the jacuzzi) for a night's stay. Till now I am still wondering why I did it. The hotel was a little too challenging to find. Gotta thank Mighty Minds for the trusty old street directory. Upon reaching Hotel Re!, I must admit their front desk staff (2 friendly ladies when i checked) was its only saving grace. They made check-in a breeze, not much of the "er"s & "huh"s like other 5 star hotels I have stayed with. The 1st suite I was led to, had a faulty card slot i.e the "thing" tat you slot your hotel key into when one enters a hotel room. The door stopper was also dislodged, exposing the sharps screws which were in danger of piercing my bare feet. Waited a good 10-15mins before I confirmed it was genuinely faulty. So I proceeded back to the front desk to highlight this matter, since it took quite a while for help to come after a call to the front desk. Btw forgot to mention one of my key cards was faulty as well. The front desk tried to expeditiously resolve this matter by offer me another room. Though the 2nd room did manage light it up, it came with problems as well. The 2nd room did light up (Huge sigh of relief!) But after a look around the room, it also came with major faults Firstly, there was a misplaced ceiling panel, leaving a gaping hole above my head. I would have been fine with it, if helmets were a prerequisite to enter a hotel room Secondly, my jacuzzi was unusable as its stopper was missing!! Argh! Back to the front desk I went to highlight these matters. Thank God I was smart enough to leave my stuff in the car before proceeding to my room. Anyway decided not to wait to settle down in my room and left the hotel compounds for dinner. This time I discovered things that I took for granted in my other hotel stays. The toilet didn't have any soap, ended up washing my hands with the L'Occitane body wash.. The room also didn't have any utensils like fork or spoon, only teaspoons. Mind you, not all food products can be consumed with a spoon! Sadly I also realized later in the night that computer usage is also chargeable, regardless of room type. Guess the only benefit of having a suite was the jacuzzi. Finally, I was late for check out, over slept due to all the disappointments I had the day before. Thankfully the front desk staff was flexible enough not to implement any surcharge, which I am definitely grateful for. For cost of this room, even with 50% off, I would have gone to any other hotel and gotten a premium room or club room. Hotel Re! Re!fund - I don't think so Re!imbursements - Guess "I am sorry" is pretty much it Re!gret - Definitely