Located at the West Coast, at the far end of Pasir Panjang Road, near Clementi Road. About SGD25 taxi fare from Changi airport and SGD8 from shopping centre VivoCity (which is near Sentosa Resort Island). Hotel is convenient if you want to be near NUS or NUH. That's about it. That's the only reason I stayed there. Walking around the area, I saw another hotel called Santa Grand. Had a look inside the hotel and it looks better. Check in was uneventful. It was already booked online and charges were already deducted from my credit card. Do not expect any staff to help you with your luggage. Check in time is at 3pm. If you want to check in early, pay a charge of SGD 77. Absolutely ridiculous cos it means that the room was ready but they make you wait til 3pm. But you are willing to be ripped off your hard earned SGD77, then you get a room immediately. Rip off!! The rooms/corridors on Level 1,2 and 3 smell of cigarette although it is supposed to be a non smoking hotel. People will come check in for casual sex. Hourly rate is SGD20, minimum 2hr. So couples pay SGD 40 to have fun there. However, it didn't affect me cos I was placed on Level 4. So choose the right floor or be prepared to hear noise. Room was small. One queen size bed which is covered with a protective (against human bodily fluid, I think) layer of PVC then a super thin bed sheet. Even old torn bed sheets are still being used. Management choose to save environment by using cheap thin old torn bed sheets. Two extremely uncomfortably soft pillows. Toilet and shower all in one. Water heater functions well and hot water was not a problem. After shower, the floor gets very wet which I overcame by taking extra towel from the cleaners trolley. Bring your own soap. Hair dryer, kettle, complimentary water and coffee. Room is small but good enough for a single person with average sized luggage. Iron and board can be requested, pay a deposit of SGD10 and get it back after you return the iron and board. Difficult to do ironing due to the fact that the room is quite small. No fridge inside the room. Wall is paper thin. Every cough and sneeze can be heard through the wall. Difficult to sleep because of that and door closing was heard and felt in other rooms. Bring ear muff or ear plugs. Eating outlet nearby. Few restaurant, eg a 24 hr prata shop, two Chinese, one Malay/Indonesian, one Indian. Bus stop right in front of hotel. So relatively easy access to nearest MRT (Clementi MRT) which took around 5-7 min on the bus. Overall, I didn't like it. I moved out to another hotel after several days because I was NOT able to sleep peacefully. For young solo travellers, it may be ok but considering the price, I would definitely go somewhere else. I paid 153 per night. Not worth it.