Severe problems I always stay at Super 8 when traveling, so I know the quality of Super 8 you should expect. I love Super 8's and have never had a bad experience until now. Here's my experience, factually:- We stepped into the room, and the hotel room was the same temperature as it was outside. The management turns off the a/c and heat when no one is using the room. So the room was 45 degrees when we arrived. - We cranked up the heat. The unit in the window was very cheap so it never got above 60 degrees in the room. Ver uncomfortable.- I tried to take a shower. The shower was a maximum 90 degrees or so. It never really got hot, just very lukewarm. I couldn't stay in the shower for more than 5 minutes due to the coldness of the room and the coldness of the shower. I had it turned ALL the way on for at least 15 mins tryng to get hot water. Never quite worked. - Tried to get the network working. They had the router connected but no internet service. I called down to the desk and they literally told me that they didn't know how to fix it and that I was out of luck.- The bed was comfortable. No visible stains. However they did not tuck in the bottom sheet (they didn't have fitted sheets) so we ended up sleeping on the matress as we tossed and turned at night. - Someone broke glass and ice down the center of the stairway. They did not clean it up and it was a definite safety hazard. - A baby cockroach crawled out of the alarm clock in the morning. - The microwave and fridge did work quite well. - They said that they do not accept pets. Every website and even the Super 8 catalogue says they accept pets. So don't take your pets there because they have not updated their advertising. They DO NOT accept pets. Overall this was the worst quality hotel I've ever stayed at. I will NOT stay here again. The only thing that worked was the microwave, fridge and TV. The beds were clean. But they cut corners to save money and it made the room very uncomfortable. We almost went to sleep in our car for heat because the room was so cold. It was a bad experience overall and do not recommend it. Stay at your own risk!