I must state from the start that our apartment at the Worldquest Resort was booked via a third party & the cleaning company used to maintain the property we stayed in was not the resort's regular staff ... we booked through Sky who I understand look after the nearby Lake Buena Resort. We've stayed in and around Orlando approximately a dozen times & this was the only time I've been truly disappointed with our accomodation. We're not overly fussy, always look for the good in things as opposed to hunting out negativity & in fairness had arrived at Worldquest after a wonderful Disney Cruise so we'd gone from being pampered to looking after ourselves but ultimately, we just couldn't settle at Worldquest. The location is very good, whilst the nearest stores or restaurants are a couple of minutes drive away it is incredibly close to Walt Disney World & sits very much on it's own in a wooded area at the end of a quiet road. I think this was a small part of the problem with the resort in fact in so much that due to it's location & position around the lake there were far more bugs around than any other place I've visted in and around the area. I'm very aware that the whole area has ultimately risen from swampland but it's the first place we've ever stayed where we felt it a nuisance. Whilst we never spottted any cockroaches or larger bugs in the apartment itself, the public areas around our block were constantly teeming with insects & we'd wished we were staying closer to the pool & further from the lake which may perhaps have led to less bugs (and itching !). The single worst problem with our stay was the level of cleanliness in our apartment but as already stated, this may well have been down to the alternative cleaners. Whilst it wasn't dirty everything felt like it needed a proper clean & the bedroom drawers, kitchen cupboards, etc were dusty. We took to cleaning all cutlery & tableware prior to using them which we would not normally do on vacation. There was a cigarette butt smack bang in the middle of our balcony which again isn't the worst thing in the world but shows the total lack of care when the apartment must have been cleaned. The apartment itself was a good size & nicely laid out but the level of furnishings & fixtures were mixed. Whilst the washing machine, tumble dryer were top notch & beds & sofa comfortable, we had leaking taps, torn bed linen & pathetic water pressure in the shower. Large unsightly stains on the cream-coloured bedroom carpet also meant you couldn't help but think the place needed a bit of a refresh which is a shame as generally it didn't need a lot of work. The pool area & main buildings were truly lovely. Well kept, beautifully laid out & extremely spacious, all adjacent to a lake (in which we enjoyed spotting the resident alligators). Overall we got a good deal on a 3 bedroom apartment at the WorldQuest but soon wished we'd booked into a similarly priced hotel as the quality & upkeep of the apartment meant we'd have foregone the benefits of a larger accomodation in favour of a well kept hotel with regular cleaning.