Im a big traveler, and a resort expert here in my hometown of Orlando, Florida, Ive been to almost every one. Please read carefully. My mom and her husband, both seniors, booked this resort as part of a package deal from Expedia. They stayed 5 days 4 night. My young daughter and I stayed 3 of the nights with them. We had a 2br suite, with kitchen, washer dryer, all the stuff you would expect from a resort. I looked up the resort here on Tripadvisor, and saw overall excellent reviews, so was happy for my folks. That was short lived. The place was built 5 years ago. It is a Mediterranean style complex with 5 separate 5 story buildings. Half face the massive pool in the center of the complex. The ceiling fan in our living room did not work. The rooms were dark, not enough lighting, and we don't use alot of light. The dryer did not work, and that sucks for families with kids as us. The 2 single beds in the guest bedroom were of the lowest quality I have ever slept on in a resort. Most regular hotels are far superior in bedding. The plastic mattress wraps did not fit the light weight, cheapo mattress and platform. the wheels were not lockable. There are no blinds on the windows, which is VERY odd for Florida. Only curtains, and not even a light blind on the curtain rod. The windows themselves are cheap, and the whole building had a feel of super cheap construction and materials. I know that line of work well. The window in the guest bedroom was literally falling apart, we attempted to open it, and the entire window came out of the frame. You cant make this stuff up. The doors were louder than one would expect, the elevators were unacceptably slow, 2 minutes in one example for only the 3rd story. The TVs were old school massive units with crappy pictures, all 3 of the,. All TVs had mismatched remotes, which barely worked. Breakfast was below poor. No waffle machine, Only 2 types of semi stale cereal. None for the kids. A weak assortment of ultra small bread items that were all obviously past their freshness. Old fruit, a not much of it. Very small, luke warm yogurts. Just not cutting it. It was an embarrassing breakfast. We had to go eat out every day, so that alone takes a ton of time, and value, away from this place. The dining area was woefully small, more than half the people who came down to eat this pathetic cont. breakfast left, or stood up sipping coffee, which thankfully was adequate. The coffee that is. There were plenty of towels at the pool area however, a plus. The pool cabana has drinks, but they are way over priced, even for a tourist corridor resort near the attractions. Simply not an option. The jacuzzi was massive, uncomfy, luke warm, and not bubbly. The pool is a walk if you get placed on the parking lot side of the pool , there are no walkways through the building, so you have to walk all the way around the building to get to the pool, again, simply not practical for families, or anyone really, what were these designers thinking? Finally, the place is located on a dead end street which is poorly lit, and in the middle of the woods, it is VERY hard to find, and I'm a local. I cant imagine having to GPS your way to this place. Considering the overwhelming assortment and quantity of resorts near Disney, this place strikes out on all levels. It is the first unpleasant surprise for me regarding an undeserved rating here on Tripadvisor. I have ever had. I cant explain how other guests have enjoyed this place unless they simply do not stay at many resorts. This place sucked, and bad. Over all, this place is a huge, disappointing thumbs down.