For family vacations we regularly use VRBO to book our condos. We chose World Quest Resort due to it proximity to the Disney World Parks and it ability to easily accommodate a family of five. We also wanted a condo complex with a bit of a resort feel. I was already in town for a conference so I arrived at the location a day before my family. Stay USA managed the particular unit we had booked so I had to check-in at a location which was over three miles away from the resort. Check-in time was at 4pm and since I was an hour early the told me they could not check me in at 3pm without charging me for an additional day. I told them I would leave and come back at 4pm. When I got back I was informed that the computer was down and that they could not check me in until it came back up. After waiting in the lobby for an additional hour for the computer to begin working again they told me I would have to wait an additional hour since my room was not yet ready. Finally at 6pm I was given the key (singular) to the condo. I asked if I could have an additional key since there would be five people in the condo and I wanted to avoid a lockout situation. They told me that there was only one key per condo. I will say that upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised. Each of the three bedrooms had its own television and bathroom. The kitchen was well equipped with granite countertops and had a sufficient amount of utensils. The tile floors were nice, thought the carpets did seem a little dirty. The best feature was the patio door that could be retracted to expose the condo to a nicely screened patio. We also found the pool area to be a great feature. The pool was large and lightly heated for the cooler nights. There were ample towels and the hot tub was roomy. We also liked the Tiki Bar which had daily drink specials and a very reasonable happy hour. As predicted on our second to last day, the key was accidentally locked in the apartment when the wind blew the door shut. Unfortunately, the car keys were also trapped inside. We went to the front office and were told that they could not help us since our unit was run through a different management group. We called Stay USA and they told us it would be an hour before they could get someone out to us. After four additional phone calls and three additional hours a maintenance man finally showed up and asked us for our key to the unit so he could see what the problem was. We informed him that the key was locked in the unit and that was the problem. He looked at us dumbfounded and said if he had known that he would have brought the spare key. After an additional half hour of waiting he opened up the unit for us with the spare key. I called Stay USA the next morning to see if we could move our check-out from 10am to 10:30am. The told me that that would not be possible since they needed to get the room ready for the next guest. When I told them that I got the unit two hours late, could I get at least an half an hour of it back, the told me that policy required them to charge me one more day if I wanted to do that. All in all, it really is a lovely place. It is a great value for what you get and the pool is very nice and relaxing and not at all crowded. However, the customer service was so horrendous that I am not sure I would stay again. Hopefully Stay USA will get their act together because it could be the perfect place to stay for your trip to Disney.