I wish I could find something positive to say about my recent experience at Worldquest Resort. After arriving in the early evening, it was nearly impossible to find the "skimpy" sign directing us off of International Drive to the Resort. Upon arriving, the gates to enter were down and the guard gate apparently unoccupied. I pressed the call button....no answer. No guard and no answer, so I called the hotel and asked how can I get through the gate? About that time an older gentleman sheepishly poked his head out of the guard shack and proceeded to take down my information. Once in the lobby, I approached the desk and proceeded to check into our rooms (I was traveling with 3 other associates). The associate was by herself and began to check us in. The phone rang and she excused herself and took the call. Several minutes later she returned to complete our check-in.....that is until the phone rang again. Finally we had our two rooms and we headed to drop our luggage. My 2-bedroom suite was ok, however the 2 ladies we were traveling with were checked into a dirty room...dirty towels, dirty linens, etc. Of note is the 2 bedroom suite has one King bed and 2 twins...twin beds in a Resort? I called the Front Desk and explained what happened and was placed on hold.....for 10 minutes...until I eventually hung up and walked back down to the desk. Evidently if you call from your room you get put on hold, if you call from the outside you get serviced. I went back down to the desk and requested a new room and suggested it would be nice to have a 3-bedroom suite for the ladies since they were checked into a dirty room. This request was met with "I can't do that without creating a whole new reservation". I then asked to simply have a clean 2-bedroom suite and one was located.....in another building. I asked who the manager was the next morning and was told the desk associate would leave a note about the problem we experienced. The manager did call me back.....the next day at 2:53 PM. She offered to move us into another 2-bedroom suite....an odd gesture given the fact were already in a 2-bedroom suite. The next few days were met with no housekeeping service on one day, service on one day in which the towels were not replenished and no in-room coffee being replaced. Given the fact this resort charges a "Resort" fee, is it not too much to ask for a new coffee packet each day? The coffee pot sat half full for 3 days. Continental breakfast consisted of some pastries, bagels, Diet Pepsi and some other sodas. If you are expecting fruit, granola, juice of any kind, or anything resembling a Continental breakfast, you will be sorely disappointed. Check out came and our "Quest" for good service had come to an end......the journey will continue, but not at this Worldquest Resort.