This is a hotel that could be nice with some effort. The good points were the staff. Across the board they tried to be as helpful and kind as possible. Unfortunately they were the primary good point. The second good point was the Lobby, it was beautiful. Another good point was the food at the hotel was hot and tasty. My bed was comfortable. Now, the bad points, which unfortunately could not be ignored. 1. There is a Krispy Kreme donut stand that was supposed to offer donuts and Starbucks coffee featured prominently in their ads. I never saw it open even though I came down for breakfast quite early and walked by it numerous times. 2. There was a nice restaurant, but it was only open in the morning. The buffet was not as elaborate as some previous guest seemed to indicate. Since I have special dietary needs, I requested a menu. This was greeted with suprise. I got the impression more than once that the guests were encouraged to eat off the buffet for breakfast and lunch. However, I did eat off the menu which was short, but the food was fine. 3. If I wanted to eat dinner since I was stuck at the hotel, I had to go to the sports bar since the restaurant was not open. I did, but I did not feel comfortable in such a place even though it was quiet. Many of the venues touted in their information were either not open or very minimal at best - such as the gift shop. 4. Past the Lobby the hotel is plain and slightly shabby, two star in room decor. 5. The elevator had a musty smell. 6. The room was very plain, clean, but the bathroom needed to be remodelled badly. The fittings and fixtures were obviously old. The TV was only a 24 inch screen with bad color. 7. The hotel had a weird vibe past the lobby as I never heard or ran into a single guest on my whole floor. There's quiet, then there's creepy quiet. I felt like I was in the movie "The Shining" and I was in the hotel alone. This was very, very unnerving as I was a woman alone. The first night the only people I saw in the evening seemed to be staff, and even in the day there weren't many people that seemed to be staying at the hotel. The only time I saw anyone was for the seminar I attended. I was not the only one who felt this way. The only other person from the seminar I found to be staying at the hotel was another woman, and she expressed the exact same feeling of creepiness that I did. 8. The biggest disappointment was the so-called "business center" that was nothing of the kind. There was one computer, and ATM, and a conference table. No fax, no phones, no coffee bar, and worst of all, no printer. The internet was slow and had annoying pop-ups whether you wanted them or not. This resembled nothing like any other hotel business center that I have ever been in. The staff are trying their best, but this hotel is like being on a sinking ship, they don't have a chance. My recommendation would be to go elsewhere. If I had not been flying in for the seminar, I would have stayed somewhere else.