Vile. Disgusting. Gross. Nauseating.... Are you getting the picture yet? If not, read on... We stayed for New Year's Eve & the New Year's Day game at Texas Stadium. We'd had confirmed reservations for 3 weeks, which had been double-confirmed just before we headed to Dallas, as was our shuttle from Love Field. When we arrived, no shuttle. We called. No shuttle. We called again. No shuttle. We called a third time, and after almost 2 hours of waiting, a van picked us up (but WE had to find the tiny computer-generated paper in the window saying "Sterling" because there were no logos on the van & they wouldn't take OUR descriptions to look for us - even though we were the only ones being picked up). Ok, next... We check in. Fairly smooth process. We go to our room on the 8th floor. It's somewhat smelly, but we can handle it. It was really pretty dirty, though. Again, we're just going to handle it. There are hairs in the bathroom on the floor, as well as in the tub - and a towel. (And by later that night, hundreds of tiny ants in the bathroom - remember, it's the 8th floor!!!). The 3 "parties" the hotel offered that night were run by private groups & we wouldn't have "fit" for any of them, so we used the computer (the ONE computer they have) to look for alternatives. No printing services & the computer is slow as dirt. We find a newly opened restaurant throwing a party "in town" - roundtrip, it was over $50 in cab fare, because the sterling wouldn't transport us... They would have to the West End, but would've charged extra. No thanks! Did I mention that the front desk staff could have cared less about how dirty our room was? Refused to move us or let us out of our reservation w/o charging us! Oh, and backing up... the ONLY thing around this place is... NOTHING!!! There's a really really nasty dive to eat at across the street, but even it has extremely limited hours. There's a Jack in the Box, if you want to walk down the road a little bit, but it's slower than anything I've ever imagined (we stood in line for over an hour for food!!!!!). There's also a restaurant in the hotel, but it's SOOOOO disgusting that BOTH of us got sick after eating it. Nasty. Nasty. Nasty. There's also a "sports bar" if you want to call it that - more like a little hotel bar with a couple of tv's and booths - but you let me know if you like it, or dare eat at it after seeing how dirty and unkept the rest of the hotel is. One plus - the beers were cheap! But, the place closes really early. Arcade? Yeah, that's a joke. I think it had maybe 1 machine in it from the early 1980's, and I'm not even certain it was working. But read on if that's not enough.... We booked reservations on the "shuttle" to and from the game at the Texas Stadium. It cost extra ($30 to be exact). Getting on the "going to" shuttle was no problem. A little crowded, but nothing too bad. Coming back, after the game?? Haha We actually left the game EARLY to find the shuttle. It wasn't there. We saw all the shuttles from all the other hotels, but nothing from the Sterling. We kept being told it would be coming or that the Sterling was borrowing the Marriott's shuttle and once the Marriott was done with the shuttle, it would let the Sterling use it. We waited and waited, along with 100+ other angry people who were quickly gathering as it went on 11, 12... Finally, almost all the shuttles for everywhere else were gone, and we saw a bus approaching.... We RAN as fast as we could & jumped onto it. Fortunately, they were there for the Sterling guests... However, they only had room for about 25 people, if that, and we had to almost barricade the doors to keep the mob of people trying to get back to the Sterling from coming on board, and the driver made "promises" to them of another shuttle coming right behind him. I'm not sure what time everyone got back, or if they did, but for us it was almost 1am - the hotel is 1.5 miles from the stadium, and we were waiting at the gate for the shuttle at 9:45pm. Hmmmm. I also heard people the next morning saying that they didn't get back until 2:30am. I'm not sure what time the last "shuttle" rolled in. Oh, and the best is now saved for last: Under our bed, there was a certain kind of toy - use your imagination. I am still cringing at the thought of seeing that there. And, upstairs, there is a nightclub, but BE WARNED - it is a swingers only club. If you don't plan on leaving with another couple, I wouldn't bother. And, you can hear the pounding bass from this club story upon story down very very late into the night (or early morning)! Good luck if you plan on staying here. I wouldn't stay there again if it was the Sterling versus a cardboard box in the worst part of town! When we wrote to them to express our disgust over the way we were treated, the condition of the place, and the game day experience, we never heard back. I've worked at hotels in the past and good ones will respond and USUALLY refund some, if not all of your money for an experience such as this. At a minimum, you would get a huge apology from the corporate headquarters. We got nothing... except perhaps a few very scarry memories!!