OK, the thought is good. A nights stay, free shuttle transportation to and from the Cowboy game, and free breakfast the next morning. The idea is good, but the reality is HORRIBLE!!!! First off, when we arrived it looked nice for the mere $100.00 that we were paying. Check in was very slow, and our rooms were not nice at all. It was a very basic Motel 6 room, and I would not even dare my worst enemy to get into the shower. GROSS! But, we start with a few drinks down at the Sports Bar (which was the best part of the whole trip)! So were watching another game on the big screen, having a few drinks, and my husband orders some food. We are planning to take the 6:00 shuttle over to the game. Well, at 5:00 (just after my husband ordered his food) the shuttle organizer comes to the bar and tells us that we need to get on the shuttle now. I told them that we were waiting on food and that we were planning to take the 6:00 shuttle. She said that we were the only ones scheduled for the 6:00 shuttle so the bus was not going to come pick up just the two of us. SooooThe bartender goes and rushing my husbands food into a to-go box, then were boarded on a tiny overcrowded shuttle with standing room only! Needless to say, my husband couldnt eat standing up! So, were taking it all in stride. We arrive at the game and we wait outside the game so that my husband can eat his $8.00 hamburger. The game was fun, had a few drinks, and when it was over we headed out to gate 8 for the shuttle to pick us up. This was around 10:30! Marriott shuttles kept coming and going for an hour with no Sterling Shuttle in sight. By this time an angry and tired MOB of people have formed waiting for the Sterling Shuttle. My husband calls the hotel to ask what the issue is, and they tell him there is a shuttle there and to go find it. Obviously there wasnt a shuttle there so about 45 minutes later he calls the hotel back and the guy screams at him and hangs up! Finally I push our way through the crowd, board a bus that wasnt ours and begged for that driver to take us to our hotel! HE DID! Wonderful man! And guess what time we arrived.12:30AM!!!! 2 hours after the game was over! We could see the stadium from our hotel so its not like its a lonnnnnggg drive! When we arrive at the hotel there is a HUGE mob of angry people trying to go up the elevator to their rooms. Theres only one working and its barely working. So, after another 20 minutes we get up to the room! The next morning were still optimistic and are geared up for the free breakfast. When we arrive downstairs, we find out that breakfast was only served from 7-9! Ok guys, lets get realistic. A late night at the Cowboy game where youve been drinking, how many can get up, get showered, and be ready for breakfast by 9:00??? WHAT A JOKE! So, for our $100.00 that included the room, shuttle and breakfast, we only received the room! I would definitely recommend the Marriott (because they seem to have it together) or stay at a different hotel and call a cab! It will be less hassle!!! We will never go back to the Sterling EVER EVER EVER!!!!!! My husband jokes that we may buy it next year because with service like this, its sure to go under QUICK! Save yourself the headache!