This place makes Motel 6 look luxurious. My wife and I had made last minute reservations, so that we could be in Dallas for 2 days on buisiness. We tried to make reservations at more dependable hotels, but they were full for that week. We accepted what we could get. BAD MISTAKE!. We would have been better off sleeping in the car, under a bridge! When we arrived the first thing noticed was the stale, dank air in the hallways leading to the room. Later, when we were dressing to go back out for dinner, we found that housekeeping had given out only 1 wash cloth and two towels for 2 people. Then, when preparing to go to go to bed, pulling back the sheets we found human hair in the bed. The next day, again when housekeeping cleaned the room, and now knowing better, they left only 1 wash cloth. Three request and 3 hours later, we recieved 1 additional wash cloth. That evening as we were preparing to go out to dinner, we noticed loud music and hollering coming from outside of the hotel at the pool. It was obvious that a party was preparing to start. That was at 6:00 pm. Later when we returned, it was obvious the party was in full tilt. The music was so loud the room was vibrating. To try to drown out the niose we put the room A/C on high and turned up the TV. At 10:00 PM we placed a call to the front desk. They told us that we were not the only ones complaing. but the party would go on for a while. The person said that the manager would go out and tell them to start to wrap it up. It did not happen. At 10:30 and 11:00 two more calls were placed. They finally got tired of accepting calls and would only put us through to voice mail. We ended up calling the Dallas Police Department, to see if we could get them to stop the loud noise. I finally was able to confront management, where he took the attitude, and stated that the partiers would be allowed to continue and that the room guest would have to toloerate the loud noise. We immediately packed our bags and left. We are now trying to get our money back for the last nights stay. DO NOT STAY AT THIS PLACE!