This is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed at  and I didnt even spend the night! My friend and I arrived at 2:00PM from the airport knowing very well that the check-in was not until 3:00PM. The hotel was buzzing because there was a cheerleader competition in town. When we arrived, the gentleman at the front desk informed us in a very rude manner that the rooms were not ready stating and check-in is actually until 3:00PM. Though we felt this comment was unnecessary, we shook it off, asked them to store our luggage, and were informed of a good restaurant where we could walk to get something to eat. When we returned a little after 3:00, we were informed that only one of the rooms was ready. The room was in the WORST location of the hotel  in front of their indoor swimming pool on their first floor. I could only imagine the screams I would be hearing from the cheerleaders later on that day. About 30 minutes later my friend decided that he better stop by the front desk to check to see if his room was ready. By this time, the front desk had changed shifts and there were two girls there. A few minutes later I got a call from him asking me to stop by because they were relocating him to the hotel next door. Apparently the hotel was undergoing a renovation and they were not going to be able to provide a room for him. One of the girls was very understanding of the fact that we wanted to stay close together, but I cannot say the same for the other girl. She was literally scowling at the fact that we were asking if they could move both rooms. How was this not more of an inconvenience to her guest who had already unpacked most of her stuff? The whole issue could have been avoided if they would have just told us when we arrived. In the end, my friend ended up getting upset and it was only after this that she agreed to change both of our rooms. She, however, never apologized for her attitude. If I had to recommend something from this hotel it would be  stay next door! The Courtyard by Marriott was in MUCH better condition. Unfortunately, they are owned by the same company, so they share front office staff. Our friend at the desk was ready to meet us with her scowl once we moved over. I am a very easy person to please, but there were just too many things wrong with this stay  and I didnt even get to experience the loud noise from the pool! I hope very much that management find ways to correct these problems. Why spend so much money on a renovation when the front office staff is not properly trained in guest service? They should visit the Embassy Suites Near the Galleria. Now THAT is a hotel who properly trains their staff to be courteous to ALL guests.