***Warning*** First off, I want to say that this is not the first time I have stayed in a Comfort Inn. I have stayed at Comfort Inns and/or their sister hotels in several other locations. I hope this helps others. I went on this trip to attend a wedding. I had my 2 children as well as my younger brothers and sisters. We requested a 2 rooms with double beds and instead we got king beds...oh ok...so we dealt with that. The hotel sits off a service road in between two other buildings. It is not the most safest location, that's for sure. When we arrived (4am), the front desk reps did not seem to know what he was doing. It appears he was in training. I had asked for joining rooms when I made the reservation approx 3 wks prior but when I checked in the front desk told me that they were booked and I should have made a request when booking...(WTH? I just told him that.) So needless to say, we were on two opposite sides of the building. Mind you, I had minors with me. The parking lot was not well lit. And when we first pulled in the parking lot, we were approached by this guy trying to bum money off of us and checking out our cars. The hotel had cameras but they didn't take any action on ppl loitering in the parking lot. So we parked, and checked in. It was late and we were tired. When we got to the rooms, it smelled like damp towels...both rooms did. We had to air out the rooms and spray something just to make it tolerable. That night after returning from a wedding, we went to our room to find out that housekeeping never cleaned our room as we asked prior to us leaving for the wedding. So that aside, approx 2 hours later when my brothers came home, they felt uneasy about the loiters so they parked their car in front of the camera and went to their room, to discover the roof (they are on the 2nd fl meaning the 3rd fl was leaking a yet noone knew about it) was leaking and had leaked onto their bed. The room smelled even worse than it did, it got on their bags, it was leaking on their bed, sofa, etc....we told the front desk clerk that was on duty and they said they would not charge us for that nite. But they had no more rooms so the boys had to sleep on the floor in my room. (Ridiculous!) but we had to do what we could for the time being. The next morning me and my children and younger sister went to have breakfast. Then I went to the front desk clerk to tell them that I was getting ready to check out and about not charging me for the room. The guy tells me he knows nothing of that claim and that he will have to see with the night crew before committing to it. I told him to go check out the room if he didn't believe me. When I came down to check out, he didn't charge for the room and was quick to shoo me out the door. i didn't care, i was ready to get out of there. It wasn't until I left, did my brother call me to tell me his car was stolen. In the parking lot at 8;24am (when we were having breakfast). Yes, the whole car stolen. When we asked the front desk to see the surveillence tape, he hesitated but admit to keeping an eye on it for any suspicious activity. The front desk knew that car belonged to us but when I checked out, he made no effort to tell us that maybe we might want to check on that vehicle. It wasn't until the police arrived were we able to see the tape. The car was stolen within 3 minutes!! we lost the car and everything in it. my brothers were stranded there and yet the clerk did not feel the need to assist. The car is a total loss but I felt that it should not have happened if the hotel was doing their job. it was very unfortunate for us that we lost the car but grateful no harm was done to my family. This hotel is not in a safe area. I do not recommend this hotel for anyone...not even the biggest strongest men! It sucks because you have dishonest people out there and people who just don't give a daym. Maybe if they see that business goes down, they will be more proactive in providing a safer stay for their customers.