I've stayed at InterContinental hotels before in other cities and this one was sub-par compared to the reputation of InterContinental hotels. First the building itself is an older building. They have updated the rooms so they were decorated nicely. However, the windows were filthy. All you saw was dirt when you looked outside. The pillows were too large and stiff. My neck hurt after sleeping on them. Also, bathroom hooks were missing (there were nail holes on the door and walls) and there was a strange odor to the rooms and hallways. The lobby area was nice but also looked out-dated despite some of the renovations. They did have a very nice, relaxing lobby bar however the service was nonexistent. Twice we tried to order drinks/food from the waitress. Each time she said she'd be right back. Half an hour later, we ended up having to get up and order directly from the bar. The waitress never did come by our table. The pool was nothing spectacular. I've seen nicer pools in people's backyards. I know some people commented otherwise but I received some of the worst service I've ever had at this hotel. First, someone had left us a package at the front desk. We were willing to go pick it up but the person at the front desk nicely assured us that they would be able to deliver it to our room. An hour later, no package. When we called, they just rudely said they'll get it to us when they can. Later when we were checking out, we asked for a bellhop to send a cart since we had a lot of luggage. Again, nearly half an hour later (and with a plane to catch), there was still no bellhop or cart. We ended up lugging everything (with an infant child) by ourselves. Then as we are loading everything in our car, we were struggling a bit with all of our luggage and were taking several minutes longer than usual for loading. One of the staff rudely came to us and said this area was for loading/unloading only as my husband was actively trying to get a suitcase into the trunk. There were no other cars there and no cars were waiting for our spot so we didn't know what the issue was. We pointed and said we are loading and she only replied, please hurry. She didn't even bother to offer assistance. We stayed at this hotel because of a wedding held there. But I will not be returning.