My friend and I had planned a "stay 'cation" after the Thanksgiving holiday to recharge. We had accomodated family and company for an entire week. We have both stayed all over the world and this was the worst experience either of us ever had with a hotel. Hardly the relaxing and rejuvinating stay we had hoped for. We started our check in at 3:30pm, Saturday, 12/03/2011. I had reserved a suite so we would have a kitchen and we brought our own food so we could stay in for the evening and just relax and enjoy the boutique hotel atmosphere. The toilet in the first room we were sent to overflowed, ended up soaking my socks and shoes. We were told to stay there and maintenance would come up. I told the front desk it was worse than a maintenance call because the entire bathroom floor was flooded and seeping into the carpet outside the bathroom door. I turned the water valve off myself so it wouldn't continue to get worse. When we got back to the lobby we were told there were no other suites ready at the time and if we could please wait a few minutes another room would be ready. After 30 minutes and no notice, I walked back to the desk and were told there were no suites available but I could go look at 2 different rooms and could chose between the two. We chose one room and went back down to be told that room had been pre booked and was not available. We said fine, let us have the 2nd room we were sent to. We had not spent much time other than looking at the room, but it seemed OK. When we got to this queen parlor room, we realized it was very hot and when we turned the AC on to cool it off, it didn't seem to be working. We also discovered there were only 3 small lamps in the bedroom and there was no light whatsoever in the area contianing a desk and the small refrigerator. We called the front desk and were told to come back down. We asked for someone to just meet us at the new room so we wouldn't be burdened with moving our luggage yet again up and down the stairs and elevators. No one ever showed up after 25 minutes so I called the front desk yet again. I was put on hold for another five minutes. I hung up and called back. The front desk girl ran the key up to the 13th floor herself because the person she asked to do it disappeared and never returned. It was 5:35pm when we finally got into this final room # 1326. The room was in fairly good condition if you overlooked the fact the wooden blinds didn't function properly. By the way, being in the hallway on floor 13 so long waiting for admittance into our room, we noticed broken glass in front of the housekeeping door and it remained there our entire stay...... The front desk person told us she would speak to the manager to see if he would approve reducing charges. We waited 3 hours and didn't hear anything. We went to the front desk around 8:30pm where we discovered her telling the manager about it and he said he would not charge us for the room. We thought we were not going to have any other issues, but the morning of 12/04/11 we found the room charge still on the bill left under the door. This presented a problem because the shift change occurred and we had to re explain our whole ordeal to the new manager on duty, who did remove the room charge, but added the valet parking charge. When we tried to get our car from valet it was cold and raining and it took more than 25 minutes for that to occur. There was only one man who was truly trying to make the valet parking go smoothly and was directing his crew which seemed to be very uncooperative with him. Sadly, I didn't get his name - he should be rewarded for his patience and efforts. I am a reasonable person and realize things go wrong, but it didn't seem that anyone truly cared that we were so inconvenienced. Just wanted you to be aware. Training might be in order to improve and learn about how to better accomodate during unnusual circumstances. The Dallas Magnolia is a very unique and interesting boutique hotel. Too bad we weren't left with the warmth its employees should impart on their guests.