The hotel is lovely however, the employees are extremely rude and very unprofessional. I have stayed at many 5 star resorts and hotels and this by far was the WORST experience than I have ever had! When I walked to the front desk, the girl behind the counter RUDELY informed me that I handed her my debit card instead of a credit card. I told her that was how I was paying. Is being wealthy in your bank account an issue these days??? So, she smirked and ran my card. When she gave me the amount I was unclear on the charges so I asked her where the additional $100 came into play? She RUDELY asked "Did you park valet?" I said "Yes" She said "Well it is $22 a day. If you don't want to park Valet you can always go get your car and park it yourself! This is DALLAS!" As if I was from some small town out in the middle of no where and as if I were some PEASANT. I think my jaw dropped! I said NO that is ok, I was just asking for you to clarify. She smirked again and handed me my key and she then asked me... "IS THAT EVERYTHING?" As if I WAS BOTHERING HER!!! I said no and took the keys and she just stood there! She didn't say "Enjoy your stay at the Magnolia....or... If there is anything else please let me know!" NOTHING. NOT EVEN A SMILE! The room was fine. Clean. HOWEVER, I was woken up at 6 in the morning by my smoke alarm BEEPING non stop. So I called down and they sent someone to look at it. The guy said... Well it is broken. I have to go get another one. And he removed it from the ceiling and DID NOT RETURN! I went to my event.... I was sitting at the table and 3 of my friends who were also staying at the hotel said the SAME THING happened to them with the front desk girl! So I wasn't imagining things! I stayed another night since I didn't feel like driving back tired.... ordered room service which was very good! Then did the express check out so I DID NOT have to meet up with Ms. Nasty Pants again! As I was leaving .... low and behold there she stood at the front desk in all her glory.... SMIRKING AT ME! I just walked to valet... I was entirely too tired to go to the front and speak with a manager. I just didn't have it in me. As I was standing at valet. I was approached by the Valet gentleman and I handed him another place's valet ticket... they were both blue so I could clearly see that happening. WELL he didn't think it was an obvious reason for a mistake. He handed it back and said "THIS is NOT the Magnolia's!" I said " Oh I'm sorry about that" and began looking through my purse for their ticket. He TURNED HIS BACK to me and said to another employee standing there. " I have NO IDEA what that WAS ABOUT!" I just HAD to respond! I was NOT HAPPY at this point! I said " Well clearly I must have Valet'd somewhere else!" He looked at me and just WALKED AWAY! I stood there .... jaw dropped on the ground! Another employee saw my reaction and walked over to me and said Ma'am do you have your ticket. I said I am looking for it. He said well what kind of car do you have? I said "I drive an Infiniti" He said "Oh I know which car that is" I looked at the board of keys and said "My key is on # blah blah blah" .... as he handed my key to another valet man... the other employee who so RUDELY turned his BACK earlier walked over and started to YELL at the gentleman helping me! He told him to go stand somewhere else.... and they began bickering right in front of ME!!! As if I were NOT A GUEST at their hotel! I again felt like saying IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING???? I will NEVER EVER EVER stay at this hotel again. I will not recommend it to any of my friends or family memebers. The room was decent. But I would stay at another DECENT hotel before I gave my business to this place!