I checked in on Friday evening. It was my wife, and my 2 children ages 3 1/2 and 21 months. At 9:30 pm after a very long day I requested that a roll-away bed be brought to my room. This bed was supposed to have been available when I checked in. At 10 PM the bed had not arrived and I called again to request it. The lady I spoke to on the phone was very polite and friendly. However, the bed did not arrive by 10:30. At that time I decided to sleep on the floor because my children were asleep and in my spot on the bed and there was no way I wanted to wake them. I put the do not disturb sign on the door. After 11 pm there was a knock on my door and it was the roll away bed. My children had been asleep for over an hour. On Saturday, I picked up my car from the valet and handed in my ticket. When I returned later that afternoon around 2 pm the guy parking my car took my keys and said that I didn't need a new ticked since there was still a ticket on my keys and on my review mirror. I was not given my ticket stub back. That evening at 8:30 I requested at they get my car. I explained why I did not have my ticket and the attendant asked what kind of car I drove and my name. In all fairness the valet guys were slammed, but they had not brought my car by 9 pm. I had to repeatedly remind them that I was waiting for my car. They were always friendly and explained that they were working on it and should have it shortly. At 10 pm I decided that my car and my keys must have been stolen since no one had been able to produce either one. I grabbed one of the valet guys and asked him to jog to the garage with me, in the rain, and then start at the top and run down until we found my car. It took less than 10 minuted to find my car. The valet attendant was able to read the number off of my review mirror ticket and then once back at the hotel, he found my keys immediately. That was super, except my evening plans with my family had been ruined. It was after 10 pm on Saturday and I had 2 toddlers who had been cooped up in the hotel all evening. While I sitting at the valet stand all evening, my wife and some family, who canceled their plans to wait at the hotel with us ate McDonalds in a small conference room generously offered by one of their wait staff who took pity on them. This was nice until another hotel employee ran them out of this room because he needed it the next morning, thus cutting short their controlled environment in which to allow the small children to play and not disturb the other guests in the bar. Overall the employees were very friendly, always smiling and apologetic when things went wrong, however they were completely unhelpful. Furthermore, they showed zero initiative save for the kind lady who opened a small room for our kids on Saturday night. Now that I think of it, I don't even think anyone offered to comp the valet parking after losing my car for an hour and a half. The Magnolia is an attractive hotel and is a very convenient location for us to stay as it is located within walking distance from my brother's loft and we travel to see him frequently. However, I will not be making the choice to stay there again and would not recommend it to anyone I know