I travel quite frequently for business and I have stayed at my fair share of hotels and this was by far one of the worst experiences I've had. I stay at Marriott's as much as possible because I am a member of their rewards program and there arent very many hotel choices in downtown Dallas. I was scheduled to be in Dallas for two weeks (which would earn me alot of nights toward elite status and points) and I chose this Springhill Suites because a few coworkers had stayed here and had decent experiences, so I may just have been unlucky but I will never return to this hotel. I checked in Sunday evening and I didn't find the staff to be particularly friendly. They didn't do anything to acknowledge my Gold status with Marriott. I was given a room on the 3rd floor (I generally prefer higher floor rooms) and upon arriving in my room I found a coffee pot with brewed coffee in it covered in a layer of mold. I understand that things like this happen sometimes so I called down to the front desk to politely ask if something could be done about it. The woman informed me that she would send someone up to swap out the pot so I said that was fine and was promptly told "i mean is there something else you want me to do about it?" I thought that was pretty rude and was also surprised that I received no apology at all. The maintenance man who came to swap it out was very apologetic and promised to show it to housekeeping so they could be made aware. That made me feel a little bit better so I settled into my room for the night. I found the heating/air conditioning unit to be extremely loud and it blew hot air directly onto the bed. (I'm a light sleeper) I tried to turn it off, figuring that I could sleep with it off all night and I understand that this is not in the staff's control. At about 11:30pm the city began power washing the sidewalks right outside of the hotel. I went down to the front desk because it was impossible to sleep, to see if I could possibly be moved to a higher floor or the other side of the building. I hate complaining and being an inconvenience but I could not sleep. When I went to the front desk to ask if they knew what was going on and if they knew how long it was going to last. They handed me ear plugs and acted surprised when I wanted to switch rooms. They moved my room which I appreciated but I still had a very hard time sleeping due to the air conditioning unit and I checked out the next morning and moved to the Magnolia. I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and atleast one of my coworkers has since had a similar experience feeling that the staff was rude at check-in. I was very disappointed in the quailty of this Marriott property.