I stayed at this place for quite some time while on a summer job. I was not at all familiar with the Dallas area and just wanted to find an affordable place close By the time I realized that it wasnt the greatest place to be, I had already committed to the monthly rate, and was going to end up paying a whole lot more if I moved out. Make sure you know what you are getting into before you sign up to stay here for a long a period of time. The neighborhood is BAD, period. There are a couple of office buildings and warehouses around, but otherwise its mostly your friendly neighborhood liquor and adult stores all around. The parking lot is poorly lit and feels very unsafe at night. After my first week, my car got broken into and I lost my stereo and some other stuff. One of the staff persons said that it happens on a fairly regular basis. The reason I picked the hotel was for convenience because it was close to downtown, and it was convenient to get to work for the most part. However, if you are trying to get out during the peak hour, traffic coming into the medical center blocks out the feeder and makes it a hassle to get out. The closest grocery/shopping without having to worry about safety is a good five miles away. I used to drive over to the other side of downtown in the lemmon/knox-henderson area to do all my shopping. Its not too bad once you get used to it. There are plenty of good restaurants in the uptown area and thats not too far either. About the hotel itself, its average at best. Its supposed to be renovated, but all the kitchen appliances are falling apart and the air conditioning is fairly old/loud. But the shower was good and the bed was comfortable and thats what I cared about most. The room was pretty spacious as well. The do have a DVD player that barely works, and cable TV sucks  very few channels and no comedy central or HBO. Instead you get Showtime which plays the same two shows/movies every night. As for internet access, dont forget to pack that old modem because the wireless internet ($5/stay) is much slower than dialup. Several calls to the tech help turned out to be frustrating and futile. There is a laser printer in the lobby, but its a real pain to use. Among other useful stuff, local/toll-free calls are free. There is a weird odor in the corridors but it didnt bother me that much. There is a laundry room on the first floor and a small gym (mostly cardio stuff, no weights). The front desk sells detergent and provides change as well. There is a vending machine that has some basic stuff, coffee, snacks, etc. There is a small pool, not in great shape. There is also a small conference room that you can use if you need. I must say the staff is very friendly and helpful, although for the most part there is not much they can do. There is free breakfast on weekdays, but its nothing great  just plain bagels and some fruit. Housekeeping is once a week if you stay for more than a week, but I think that is pretty typical of extended stays. You can have it cleaned on other days for ten bucks or swap out towels at the front desk for no charge. I had a couple of packages shipped over, and the front desk will accept/hold it for you. Overall, not a bad place if you staying for a couple of nights and are not overly worried about safety, but I wouldnt want to stay at this place for too long. If you have to work in downtown, consider also places on 75N, near the Northwest freeway, its not too far and I think is a much nicer neighborhood with a lot more stuff to do around.