To put it plain and simple.......this is not one of the greatest hotels in Dallas. In fact, we were pretty disappointed. Being on Northwest Highway, this hotel has great potential. Prime location, close to lots of entertainment and dining options, virtually no competition with any hotels around. However, the Radisson has not yet taken advantage of its opportunities. When we arrived, we were told we would be staying in a pool side suite with a kitchenette and separate living space. Sounds Great, huh!!! Forget it. The room itself was nicely decorated, but the A/C did not work, the room smelt of stagnant cigarette smoke, and the outside looked like a run down trash motel. In fact, they have two areas for rooms. One is within the main building!!! ASK FOR THESE ROOMS. The others rooms are separated to the outdoors like an older motel. Only about 1/4 of these rooms were renovated, so tons of these rooms were trashed out. In fact, this specific area was accessable to anyone who wanted to walk through an unlocked, opened fence. We called the front desk to complain about the A/C. They said someone would be up to fix it. An hour later, and still 90 degrees in the room, we went to the front desk and requested a new room on the inside of the building. They were very polite and quickly found us a new room on the 4th floor. I have no complaints about the staff. They were fine. Upon arrival to the 4th floor, we realized that one of the rooms had apparently sprung a leak. There was standing water in the hallway! NICE!!! We went in our room. It was cold, newly remodeled, and had a comfy bed. Despite the water, we opted to stay. We both slept very well. No complaints there. Basically, this hotel is undergoing major renovation, however, they don't seem to understand that guests don't want to be a forward participant in the dirty side of renovation. In my opinion, if you are thinking about staying here to save $20, just spend the extra $20 on a better hotel. Sorry Radisson, you failed. We will most definately never stay here again!!! HAPPY TRAVELS!!!