We never even made it past the check in process... I found this hotel on the trip advisor forums. I was looking for a room within walking distance of The House of Blues. I read the reviews here and did see some negative comments but thought I would give it a chance. I called the hotel directly I thought, as it was listed as a Dallas number however I was connected to a "Reservation Desk". I inquired first if the hotel was within walking distance "Yes, only three blocks from The House of Blues." Wow, that is great I thought. This was very important as I would be walking back to the hotel after the concert with a 13 year old child, alone. I then asked if their valet service was secure as I read a in one of the reviews that someone had all their car windows busted when parked at the meters. I was again told "Yes, ma'am, 100 percent secure." Perfect I thought. I told the agent that I appreciated the information and would confer with my husband. We had planned to stay at the W and needed two rooms on Friday night and just one on Saturday night as my husband would be leaving early before the show. My husband was elated at the fact that I had found a bargain and said to book it if it was what I wanted. So I called back and spoke with Chasity. I again asked her the above two questions and was given the same responses with slightly different wording of course. I booked two rooms for Friday and one for Saturday evening. We arrived at Hotel Lawrence around 5:30 p.m. to check in Friday evening. We circled the building twice looking for valet service or a bellman but had no luck, so we parked at the meters and deposited money. The first thing we noticed was the right entry door of the hotel was broken and the left door was rotting. WE greeted Mark (yes, we greeted him not the other way around as he ignored our arrival at the desk) and informed him that we were checking in for the evening. I informed him that we were unable to locate valet and he replied "Are you ready to park?" "Yes" I said. "So you have unloaded your luggage?" "No, not yet." I responded thinking that there would be a bellman to help me with that. His response "Well then you are not ready to valet then. I'll take the keys when you are." My 13 year old daughter just laughed out loud in shock at his ruddiness. He asked the name on the reservation and pulled our paperwork. I then said "Are you three blocks from House of Blues as I thought it was located on the other side of 35?" He responded that it was indeed on the other side of the highway and that it was 10-12 blocks. OK I am going to make the best of this situation. I ask if they have a courtesy van or transpiration and he says yes but it will be closed after the concert. At this point his rudeness had gotten to the point that my husband who had just walked in was looking at me like what the heck is going on. I tell Mark all of the above about speaking with two of their reps and being told the same information and that I called because I had read some negative reviews on trip advisor. When I repeated the valet question to him and told him the reps response he laughed and said "no one can guarantee that." Really? seems both W and Hyatt have security on staff as well as cameras watching your vehicles! I inform my husband of my dilemma and the misinformation I was given and he suggest that we just call Hyatt Regency which is just a little over a block away and cancel this reservation due to the misinformation. Of course Mark informs me that he is the manager on duty and will be charging my card as I am no longer within the 24 hour cancelation period. I tell him to cancel tomorrows reservation and he says he can't do that either as it needed to be done by "3 p.m. central standard time". We left, called Hyatt booked two rooms for $10 bucks more and were amazed at how much help was around when we pulled up. Valet, bellman, awesome check in staff, even friendlier bellman Juan brought our luggage to our room and encouraged us to call him with any questions or request. I told the front desk about our issue at the other hotel (did not name it) because I was still in shock and he apologized as if it were his fault and said I know which hotel you are speaking of as we have been informed not to ever send anyone there if we are full. Seems Hotel Lawrence has a reputation all around town and not a good one. I HIGHLY SUGGEST SPENDING THE $10 EXTRA DOLLARS and staying at the Hyatt as the customer service alone is what would be found in a 5 star hotel.