I did not stay in this hotel, but I feel obligated to warn people about this hotel's tactics. I made a reservation about a month ago for 2 bed 1 room for 2 nights. I got a rate of $105 per night. After a friend in Dallas told me the hotel wasn't very nice, I started reading reviews. One of the complaints that seemed to happen a lot is that when a guest checked into the hotel, they weren't provided the proper room as specified in the original reservation. So I called the front desk to make sure I had a 2 bed, 1 room reservation, I was told that I HAD NOT - I had a one bed reservation. When I explained this wasn't what I was told when I booked, I was put on hold for about 15 minutes then finally "Maggie" came back and told me she was able to change the room to a 2 bed and she would send me an email confirmation immediately. Well, this didn't happen. So later that night I called to make sure it had been changed and asked for an email. The guy at the front desk sends me my email, and what do you know? The rate changed from $105 to $159 a night! So I called back and asked to cancel - the guy gave me grief and said "wait till tomorrow to talk to the manager so maybe you can get the rate changed" I politely told him no, that I wanted to cancel now - this all seemed too fishy to me. So he says he will cancel it and send an email. Never did. I called the reservation line that bypasses the front desk and was told that there was no cancellation on the reservation, but she would cancel it for me and send me an email. 30 minutes go by and I still have no confirmation email. So I call back - there was NO CANCELLATION REQUEST put in on this reservation. So I got the girl's name, asked for a cancellation number and was PROMISED an email. Well guess what? No email for cancellation. I am over it. I put a stop payment on credit card for this reservation. This place has the WORST customer service and just seem so sneaky and dishonest - be very wary of making a reservation at this hotel.