After being on a bus for 22 hours and finally arriving at the Hotel Lawerence at 4 am, I bawled my eyes out when we got to the room. I realize it's suppose to be a boutique hotel but, there was nothing charming about it. I have stayed in some pretty shady places but, this one took the cake. I have stayed in an old chicken coop, do to rain, while camping one night and it was cleaner than this place. We walked in to what looked like pigeon poop on the floor. The white coverlet on the bed and floor were covered in black soot from the furnace. When we took the waffle coverlet off the bed there were stains on the waffle blanket. I was so tired that I just wanted to brush my teeth, wash my face and lay my head down...Thank God for my own pillow. When I turned on the water in the bathroom, it was either hot or demonic. The bathtub should have been condemned. After crying, my husband and I just started laughing hysterically and started hanging up our clothes in something that resembled a closet. When opening the "closet" door, you could see through a hole in the wall to the hallway. Our company was there for the Super Bowl and we had 7 rooms. Each in their own special ways had issues. After complaining to management they assured us that they had just been screwed by their contractors. She didn't see anything wrong with our rooms, after taking a "tour" through all 7 rooms. I'm not a complainer and I am definitely not a liar. Well...after reviewing some other reviews on the hotel, it dates back to 2008 with the same exact problems. During our stay, the one elevator that worked, broke down and the fire alarm went off for no apparent reason. I gave a 2 for service because, Ruthie, was great. She knew exactly how we felt and tried to make our stay as nice as possible. Convenience to downtown was great. Cindi's cafe, walking distance from the hotel, is phenomenal. There is a bar/restaurant connected to the hotel. I did not eat there but the first night we went, they "closed" the bar at 9:40, when they have a closing time at 10. I was in the bar industry for a long time and if someone wants a drink, you give them a drink. The last night we were there the bartender happened to be part owner...he was great and apologized for his lazy bartender. I hope that they can pull it together someday because of the location and history. However, I will not be staying there EVER again.