My advice is to avoid this upholstered cesspool like the plague. Even though I was travelling on business, had a confirmed (and paid for) room, I was unable to check in without a credit card. After much dancing I got it arranged but corporate has no flexibility and no mercy - all for the sake of 'possible incidental charges' (there were none, I used none of the additional services, thanks Marriott!). The room, on entry seemed clean enough but on close inspection I found long black hairs in the bathroom sink (I have photos) and curly brown (pubic??) hairs on the shower soap dish. YUCK. Housekeeping eventually (1 hour+) showed up to reclean the bathroom, no apology from the non-english-speaking staff. While I waited I tried to get a snack and a drink. Drinks you can get - that's the ONLY vending there is in the entire building. $1.25 bottle of Coke in hand I checked the room service menu - $14.95 was the cheapest item, club sandwich. Nearly $15 for a SANDWICH? Unless it's delivered by a naked dancing girl that's too much. No, dancing girls not available. Attempted to have pizza delivered - only Pizza Hut apparently pays the kickback and is allowed to deliver there. $15 got a large pepperoni delivered (and was quite good). Tried to call home - cordless phone handset dead, despite 'charge' light. Corded phone would not reach desk area - also had a ring loud enough to startle me and no obvious control to turn down. Cheap and flimsy set to boot. Cinema-size television had extremely weak and very directional remote (cheap) that took several seconds per channel change (television signal obviously delivered via house computer network) and dropped out / broke up / went dark a LOT. Nice robe in closet for use in spa - size far too small for average guy like me, unless I wanted to flash the other guests, so no spa for you. I decided to try and get some work done - wireless NOT free (don't buy the dodge about 'free wireless in the lobby' - you get one hour and your machine is locked out by MAC address, contrary to staff's hopeful fibs, besides I paid for a ROOM to work in). Not willing to cough up $15 a night (!) for likely awful service I resorted to local Starbucks for my email and web support. After the event I worked, our team gathered for a drink in the bar - their 'best' single-malt scotch? Glenlivet. Waiter had no idea what any of the other truly good malts were - and took 15 mins to deliver one drink with the lounge virtually empty. Motivation obviously pretty low despite the tony ambiance. The lobby was filled with ear-hurtingly-loud boom-boom disco music even in the morning... not sure what that says about the place. My guess is the manager was on vacation. Combine that with the must-have-room-card-to-access-elevator (for every single guest - some trips took nearly five minutes to go through the foolishness of card-in/punch floor) and the 1960s style (ie hideous) furniture with lots of sharp corners (ow) and I felt very unwelcome. The Holiday Inn in Fremont made me feel so much more welcome - and was far less than half the price.