I think it is my duty to warn you to not go to this place. it is awful. 1. Immediate area is SKETCHY (junkies across the street smoking crack, beer drinking during the day in the empty lot next door...) 2. Hotel does not have it's own parking - so you must self-park about 1/2 a block down the road in an unsecure lot in a sketchy area... (costs $15 day) 3. Rude and awful staff (ok, well ONE of them, but she ruined my stay.. see below). I came to down for a wedding and was pleased with the price of 109. However, I should have known you get what you pay for. Room was ok and clean but nothing to write home about. Definitely fine for the money although the towels were probably the worst towels I've ever used. Parking- the staff told me I needed a parking pass for the lot for each day I was to stay. They alerted me that the passes expire at "12 noon or 2pm - can't remember"... so each day I went to buy a new pass for the lot. An inconvenience but I was paying so little overall I just went with it. Upon my check out I was approached by this older lady who came by to "get back my old parking passes". I told her I didn't save them (why would I keep my old paper parking passes?).. then she became enraged telling me that she was now going to have to charge me 250 bucks apiece for these paper passes (!!)remember, these are for paper parking passes no one ever instructed me to hold onto. Apparently, one pass is good for your entire stay but the staff clearly didn't know this and didn't communicate this to me. Regardless, she continued to threaten me as if I was "holding out" on her. I told her there would be no reason or benefit for me to keep the passes from her if I had them but did not have a time machine to retrieve them at this point. She stormed off on me after I told her I was in shock about her level of unprofessionalism and rudeness. The funny thing is that the old passes ended up being on the floor of my rental car and I gave them to another employee - but the point of the matter is that this horrifying and embarassing incident completely ruined my experience in this godawful place. It was bad until then but that incident was just the topper. I kept reminding myself that that kind of white trash is just what you can expect from such a sketchy spot. it didn't make me feel better. do yourself a favor and stay at the new Silver Cloud like my friends did. They loved it.