All of the reviews on this hotel were quite positive and I had high expectations when I booked my trip. Unfortunately I was disappointed in my overall experience. My husband and I were going to Orlando for a getaway - just the two of us, no kids. The hotel was originally a condo building but the builder could no longer make the payments so another ownership group came in and turned it into a hotel - at least that is what I was told by the staff when I inquired. So the rooms are accommodating - they offer a full kitchen and a small washer and dryer which would be great for longer visits. We were only there for 3 days so we didn't use these amenities that much. This would be ideal for someone staying in Orlando for over a week with kids though. Furthermore, the atmosphere at the "hotel" was very dead. Although it is very close to Universal it is not within walking distance and the hotel does not have a real restaurant so there is no reason that someone that wasn't staying there would come to the hotel. They do have a pool and a pool "bar" but there are very few people there and the bar is extremely overpriced. There is no room service either. There is a small cafe but when I requested a breakfast sandwich I was told that they could not accommodate my request. So, there isn't anything to do at the hotel besides swim in the pool BUT they do not provide quick shuttle service multiple times during the day to any of the parks including Universal which is very close to the hotel. They do have a shuttle that comes once in the morning to pick you up and take you to the parks - it is free - but the one time we tried to use it the shuttle was over 30 minutes late and we decided to take a cab because we wanted to get to the parks - that cost $50. We went to City Walk at Universal each night and also had to take a cab there - $10 each way. For what I ended up spending in cab fare the discounted rate on the hotel was not really worth it. Overall, the atmosphere and amenities of the hotel were not suited for a couple taking a vacation and would be more suited to families who put more emphasis on the kitchen and laundry room. As someone who frequents Universal often I was very disappointed and can say confidently that there are much better places to stay. The biggest disappointment for me was that this is a "Universal Family Hotel" and they don't provide regular transportation to Universal - which their website would lead you to believe. Worst of all, my husband got very sick on our last day (I guess that just topped off the lackluster vacation experience) and I asked if I could get some kind of credit for my last night there since we had to check out early but I was told no, even though we left before noon. I expect more from hotels with the "Universal Family" brand and would not recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a fun destination with plenty of things to do.