I was delighted to find a room at the last minute on Labor Day weekend. The price was right (85$cdn/night). The service by e-mail and over the phone was pleasant. However, when I checked in, there were little bothersome details. The air-conditioning didn't work. And the ethernet cable didn't actually reach from the plug to the desk. The cable arrived, but for the air, I waited. And despite assurances that some one was coming, I waited. Even though I said that I would have to go out at a particular time, I waited more. I spoke to four different people, and finally when I showed up in the lobby with my bags packed, I was efficiently whisked to another room. The rooms themselves are very plain, small, functional ex-dorm type with chipped basic furniture, unplastered ceilings, and a bare bones kitchenette. They were basically clean (except for the fossilized grease on the kitchen knife). Cleaning during my stay was haphazard however. One day I didn't get any soap, so I used my own. The next day my (nice, clearly non-hotel) soap was thrown out, and replaced with little disposable ones. But that only happened when I called at 7 pm because, after a day out, my room still hadn't been made up, despite the "please clean room" sign on the door. Another detail: there is only one elevator per stairwell, which means that when some rude guest holds the doors, there is no ther way up. (I didn't feel like walking up 11 floors.) When it came time to check out, there was a single person behind the desk, doing his best to serve the ten people lined up in front of him (and another dozen or so strewn across the lobby, waiting for their rooms to become available). The hotel is conveniently located for Place des Arts and the Village, across the street from Chinatown and a short stroll from Old Montreal. However, this particular corner of Saint-Laurent and Ren-Lvesque is also the hangout for kids looking for some change for their next high, drunks looking for their next drink and a bit further up, ladies of the night looking for company. I come from a very urban milieu and understand that sometimes the most interesting parts of a city's fabric can be on its margins, but I resent having to dogde unsavory crowds to get into my own front door. Was it awful? No. Would I go back? No. Next time for the same price or less, I'll be getting a b&b in the village (or a self-catering flat around the plateau if I want to be able to cook).