The Royalton needs to be shut down! My wife, 2 friends and I wanted to save some $ on the hotel stay, so we all got together and randomly picked a cheaper hotel on the internet. They advertised it as being "one of the last original hotels in O.C" Boy is that an understatement. We should have known something was up when we saw a physic advisor attached to the place and 2008 senior week rates still on the website. We waited until after the labor weekend to book a room. When we got there we should have looked at the room before giveing up our payment cards. (mistake 1) We went to our assigned room (#8) and could push the locked door in with ease. The stench was overwhelming through the hotel, but it was worse in the room. So, we went down to the desk to tell the "clerk" about the problem and request another room. (mistake 2). Once in the other room (#12) we were overwhelmed with how small it was. NO room for anything. It looked nothing like the pictures on the internet. The toilet didn't flush, the sink didn't drain, the shower was nasty, the beds were in horrible condition, the lamp was broke (although they did have one of those new energy saving light bulbs in it), no clicker for the T.V., unknown stains on the sheets and overall NOT suitable for any human. To make a long story short...luckily we brought lysol with us, so we lysoled everything...stayed one night and checked out the next evening. We ate the money that we COULD NOT BE REFUNDED FOR and went somewhere else for the remainder of the stay. As we left O.C. we called the state health and welfare people and they basically said that there has been numerous complaints about THE ROYALTON and THE ROYALTON gets fined and pays the fine...over and over again. This does not seem right, but I guess that is how the laws work. So, I'll end with this...If the owners/employee of THE ROYALTON (yeah, you,the kid behind the counter who laughed when I confirmed there were no refunds) are reading this....I can't believe you can live with yourself. I hope you get shut down. Kids...go somewhere else to party at senior week...you might get the clap or drip!