We travel to Vancouver twice a year and we like to have more room and amenities than what hotel rooms can offer. So, we usually rent a private apartment from people who advertise on vacation rental web sites. On our last visit, we rented a one-bedroom suite at LHermitage, a new building that combines a boutique hotel, private residences and many shops. It is well located in the heart of downtown and offers a four level underground secured parking garage. The first two levels are for the hotel patrons and shoppers while the lower levels are reserved for the residents. The building is managed by Stratawest Management Ltd., a company that boasts providing the highest level of service to a select portfolio of quality developments. Upon our arrival on the Thursday afternoon, there was an Important notice posted near the elevators warning the residents about the recent car break-ins in the underground parkade and that, on a temporary basis, security had been appointed to patrol parking levels P1 to P4 on a 24 hour basis. This important notice was nowhere to be found the next day; management had requested its removal. On Saturday afternoon, we discovered that our car had been vandalized and that the drivers car window was shattered. More than eighteen hours after this infraction, no one from security or the concierge services had bothered communicating with us. Based on the police report, three cars had been broken into during the previous evening and it was further established that the doors to the garage stairwells were kept unlocked allowing free access to anyone. Downtown Vancouver is reputed for its homeless citizens and underground garage break-ins. How could a manager be so negligent as to leaving the doors of the building wide open to any criminal opportunity? The concierge personnel, the only building representatives on site, were considerate to our demise but not forthcoming with help to clean the mess and organise speedy repairs. Later communication with Stratawest Management proved futile in obtaining resolution for our losses. Their best advice: Contact your insurance provider. So much for our deductible! For this, we rate LHermitage in downtown Vancouver a big fat 0 out of 5.