My fianc and I booked this hotel 2 months in advance before we arrived in Rome. We got to our hotel, which was hard to find but thats not their fault, and were extremely excited after reading all the reviews. Come to our surprise a man, can't remember his name but i it started with an F-so we shall call him Mr. F, came running down the stairs all frantic. This is the lie he told us: Mr. S.. Oh thank god youre here. We have a bit of a problem. I hope you guys arent too upset. I was in Aspen, you know skiing like a lot of people. I was on the mountians going up and down, i was on vacation. But the employee that i hired, i dont know what he was doing. While i was on vacation he was smoking weeding in my office. Not doing anything. He was always on drugs and i dont know what he did. But the reservation came through and I remember i had it before I left. I think he put it under pile of junk and just did drugs. And so we dont have a room for you. BUT, i have a soultion to this problem. I have another room at a better hotel, its a 4 start hotel and its near the spanish steps. Its our sister hotel and if i had to chose, id pick that one over this one. He then asked us to come upstairs because the elevator wasn't working, which it was because i saw a woman go up the elevator after we took the stairs, and that he would have to call a taxi to take us his other hotel. We go upstairs and and he forces us to drink coffee and orange juice and acting very nervously he makes phones to the other hotel and taxis. He lets us know that if we dont like the other hotel we can come back in the morning because he will then have a room for us. He runs off downstairs to find a taxi and leaves us with his wife. We waited about 15-20 mins before he came back upstairs and said he found us a taxi to go to the other hotel and that he would pay the fare for the trip. Obviously, we had no choice but to go to the other hotel. We get into the taxi at 10:30pm and we were dead tired, hungry, and hating rome at this point. we arrive at the sister hotel which was called Fellini B&B. We arrive at Fellini B&B, and the man working at the desk checks us in and lets us know that Mr. F said to give him a call in the morning and let him know if you want to go back to the other hotel. if so, he will check you back into the other hotel. We go up to our room and we were not surprised to find the room was all the way in the back the last room, it was the UGLY(everything was green), heater was not working so we were cold the entire night, sheets were dirty with hair all over it but the bed was comfortable, internet kept logging us off, shower was clogging up, and the bathroom tiles were broken. The next morning, my fianc called expedia to let them know what was going on and booked another hotel. We got a knock on the door while we were getting ready to leave and it was a woman working for the hotel telling us this. "Don't go back to the other hotel because we have room here and theres no need to go to the other one. OK? So stay, stay... You can stay here okay." Obviously, we knew were werent going to stay and didnt want her to bother us more so we just agreed and finished packing up. We took all of our luggage downstairs to check out and another man was at the front desk. I dont remember his name but he was a very tall man so we can call him Mr. T. This is what happened with him: Were here to check out. Okay, whats your name. Im Mr. S. he said: Ohh.....!!!!!! No, no, no, no, no.. You stay here with us, you stay here. You can't go because we wont let you. We told him we we already booked another hotel and that were leaving and we just need to check out and we already took it up with expedia. He yelled at us asking us if its really because the room is ugly and thats why we want to leave. And supposedly the truth is this hotel cost more than that one so you guys are very lucky to stay here. After fighting for 10 mins, he got really angry and told us to leave which is what we were already doing so it didnt really matter. If you look up Fellini B&B you will find that many other travelers have had similar experiences. These people are very unprofessional and I suspect that they are running some sort of scam. So travelers beware. Avoid at all costs!