We stayed in Titanic City for 7 nights and were a company of 5 (2 couples and a friend). The hotel is new and modern, we picked it among dozens in the area for that reason, allthough it wasn't the closest to Taxim square and Istiklal and was pricey. Our rooms were ok, (not so spacious for 2 people - the one for single use had only a small window higher than usual). Lighting was very poor, sometimes sewage smell came from the toilet and some towels were old and had stains, closet had 4 hangers only and a small safe. Some nights we could hear club music coming probably from the street, but all this did not bother us so much. Breakfast had a variety of things, but in some days bread products were not fresh. The bar on the roof was awfull, depressing, no view, dark, with a big tv showing football... and no music. The gym and spa area were small, we used it only once since the "hamam" (full of fat semi-naked men looking at women...yuk!), sauna and shower were communal for men and women! Private massages were very expensive. Our stay in this hotel ended badly, when the last day, during our brief absence for breakfast hotel staff robbed us. They took our wallet (no money, but driving license) and mobile phone. We ended up spending our last holiday hours talking endlesly with receptionists and managers, watching cameras, explaining... All this time their attitude was unfriendly, almost hostile and cold. We never heard a sympathetic word, or a simple "we are sorry". They even charged us for a small bottle of water we used from the mini bar (after all this mess we forgot to buy from outside...)! We wanted to call the police for fingerprints (we have seen 2 people entering our room twice without cleaning it, as they did to all other rooms) and they agreed but they said that police only interrogates both sides. We then decided we had no time for this, it was our last day... After pressure, they agreed to refund us 1 night stay the next day in our credit card. We were a bit relieved, (our loss was worth more than this) but it was a compensation and could make us forget our turmoil. If only we had known... It proved they only wanted to get rid of us, since they never refunded a cent !!! This was the most ennoying part. It is supposed to be a 4 star hotel, professionalism, integrity, honesty and hospitality should be absolute standards. Instead they tricked and befooled us... All this mess and dishonesty ruined our impressions and left bad memories we are trying to forget. It is so unfair for us but also for Istanbul...