My husband and I just returned from a three night stay-cation at The Joule for our anniversary. He and I made the most of it and enjoyed our time together but for the price and all the hype, we left really wanting more. The Joule came up short on just about everything. We had multiple issues and many of the issues were further compounded by more issues. None of them in and of themselves were worthy of writing a bad review but when you add them all together, it's pretty tragic. ISSUE #1A - My husband had arranged for our favorite brand of champagne and some chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room the second night, which was our anniversary. It was supposed to be a surprise...and it showed up the first night. We didn't drink it, they admitted it was their mistake. $165 surprise ruined. ISSUE #1B - They sent the bottle of champagne the second night but it showed up TWICE on our bill. Got them to take it off the bill at check out time... but really? ISSUE #2 - The concierge who my husband contacted weeks in advance of our stay made a reservation for us at the in-house restaurant, Charlie Palmer's, for our first night. My husband explained that it was a special weekend, we had friends meeting us, and we really wanted a booth. We were one of the only people in the restaurant and they seated us at THE worst table in the entire place. We asked to be moved to a corner booth - and it was perfect. The whole time my poor husband was apologizing. I guess this isn't necessarily the hotel's fault but since we had the concierge make the reservation at the hotel restaurant and there were specific requests, someone should be responsible. Not sure who they were holding the table for. Nobody sat down after us. Dinner was good but it was awfully quiet in there. ISSUE #2B - Same concierge made reservations for us at Abacus for Saturday night. Again, the restaurant tried to give us a crappy table despite husband's specific instructions to concierge that we wanted a booth in the main dining room. We waited for an hour for a good table even though we had a limo waiting on the clock. Again, not sure whose fault this is but with this being the second restaurant that said concierge was supposed to request a booth, and both times they tried to seat us at a bad table, this problem has one thing in common, the concierge. Dinner was fabulous and our waiter more than made up for the miscommunication. ISSUE #3 - We were told we needed to reserve bottle service at the PM Night Club on Thursday night if we thought we might ever want to sit down in the club. Shame on us for letting them talk us into $350 bottle service. The place was dead! We showed up at 10:30 and they sent us to a different club down the street and told us to come back after midnight if we wanted there to be more people. We did and it was still dead despite a birthday party for a 21 year old kid from SMU who had rented the Penthouse. Nice enough kid. We should have passed on the bottle service but we were told that it would pick up. Plus, we had friends with us and didn't want to make a big deal about it. The Penthouse is gorgeous. ISSUE #3B - When the bill at PM Lounge showed up it was $550 which was $200 more than we were told. Also, they didn't have Grey Goose vodka which is what we had pre-ordered. Not a big deal but when you spend that kind of money, you'd like to think things like a very standard bottle of alcohol wouldn't be an issue. Again, we had friends with us and didn't want to make a scene. Thought we could work it out in the morning. When we went to pay for the $550 tab, we asked them to put it on our hotel bill but they couldn't because that function was not working. No biggee. We paid with a credit card. Again, didn't want to make a scene and honestly just wanted to get to bed. ISSUE #3C - In the morning, my husband spoke to our concierge, told him that we were not happy for being talked into bottle service but even worse, that we were over charged. He said he would look into it and 48 hours later still did not have an answer. It took my husband bringing it to the attention of the Front Office Manager on Sunday at check out to have it addressed. We were told it would be corrected. We received a $100 for our trouble which was nice...but really? ISSUE #4 - We utilized the in-house car two times. We had a car parked in valet ($30/night) but thought the in-house car would be more convenient. We were told to call 10 minutes out which we did. Both Friday night at dinner and Saturday at lunch we waited over 30 minutes for the car to pick us up after we called. ISSUE #5 - The lighting in the room, mainly the bathroom and dressing area, is unacceptable. We had read other Trip Advisor members complain about this and we both thought they were being overly critical. How bad can lighting be in hotel of this caliber? The only light that was good for anything was in the closet so I had to get dressed and do my makeup in the closet! One other thing on the room...we had room 813 which every employee in the hotel went out of their way to tell us was really special because it had a balcony. Well, this balcony was covered with bird [--] that looked like it had been there since prohibition. So much for a nice breakfast on the terrace. There's more but honestly this is depressing me knowing how much we paid to the hotel ($3,000) and how excited we were about this trip. The one shining light at the whole place was Todd at the Poule bar. He was fabulous and absolutely perfect at his job! I would hire him in a second. I wish this made me feel better but it really hasn't.