This hotel has a discriminating staff.. If you are booking from price line they give you an attitude off bat.. the feel like you don't belong there because you did not pay full price... And if you are a minority every one will look at you strange.. The rooms are nice but the staff that you have to deal with in order to get it.. Makes the room not worth it.. I have stayed at allot of hotels but that hotel by far is the worst and they don't care.. So if i was to rate this hotel i would rate it STAY AWAY if you are a minority or you will end up at the local discrimination office.. I HAVE NEVER LEFT A HOTEL FEELING DISRESPECTED... Good luck with trying to get a staff with a non-bias opion of you!.. It is in the copley mall so it is very upscale... Has nice shops as far a Louis Vuttion, Salvotor Farragamo, and Saks Fifth just to name a few.. There is a cafeteria in the mall, and it has GOOD FOOD. The hotel food is gross the buffalo wing are to spicy.. and the "dominos" pizza is gross soggy undercooked and pilled with nasty cheese and to expensive for that and a drink almost plus 4% + 18% +4.00+ gratuity almost 60 $.. And also the don't do free internet 12.95$ this hotel is over priced with a Unorganized staff.. If you get a hotel here make sure you don't get it threw a bargain site... If you want to save money don't book here. They put a barley visual sing in your room saying "no smoking" and then they charge you 250$ For not telling you.. But you want to save money when you go to that hotel just don't get room service.. And not let remind you about the 20$ tip you like have to give to house keeping.. If you are on a budget and you want good hotel service.. There are other hotels in the area that are more put together and way more cheaper then the Marriot.. There is a Shaws across the street but the hotel staff will look at you even more weird if they see you bringing out side food in there hotel... They have poor staff so the will try to make up for it in other way buy over charging you.. I payed for room service for a pizza and buffalo wing and it almost came up to 60$(and it was horrible).. There where no amenities i want to spa.. But could not because there was nothing available ... Ps: if you are scared of elevators DON'T Go.. There elevators open while still moving.. So in the end if you go there don't touch anything it will cost !!!! All together my trip at the Marriot costed me 700$.. So take what i am saying into consideration when booking!