Don't be other reviews saying how great this hotel is - it is maybe one level up from a glorified motel 6 but if you expect anything more you'll be disappointed. We booked here instead of the Sheraton (which is also connected to the mall and convention center) based upon the reviews here but we were very let down. Immediately in the lobby area we noticed how shabby it felt. The lobby has only a small area for sitting around and the couches are so worn and old that you can see them sag even without anyone sitting in them! You know when you see an old couch that's been on a front porch exposed to weather - they have that look. Also everything looked kind of dirty, for instance in the elevators, they didn't vacuum the edges only the center, so the edges all looked dusty and there was old dirt. Just sloppy. We stayed at in a regular room for a few days and then a "suite" which is just an extra large room with a sitting area. We found an old grape, a bottle top and some old vegetable right in the middle of the floor - it obviously hadn't been vacuumed and that I would say sums up the way it felt. One had the feeling that instead of providing you with new water glasses and coffee mugs each day that they wiped out you used ones with one of your old towels and put it there as if it was clean. The furniture was okay but not great. The rooms appear to have been renovated within the last 10 years but it just didn't feel nice. Also the bathroom isn't really renovated, they saved money by leaving the bathtub area so it has an old bathtub and wall tiling from the 60s I guess, pretty depressing. Two pet peeves - they only give you 2 sugars and 2 creams for your in-room coffee maker which makes 4 cups, I can't imagine why they try to economize on such an insignificant detail when it makes one so annoyed. Also they ask for you only to put towels you need washed on the floor to save water etc but they don't give you any racks to put the towels on! The only towel rack is in the bathtub - hardly a practical place to put one's towel to stay dry when someone else will be taking a shower. The lobby of the Sheraton looked much nicer, bigger, cleaner, more elegant, more places to sit and work etc. Next year we will stay there instead.