Pros - Nice room even though corners were cut in it's cleaning, the likes of the tissue box not being moved to clean the dust in behind it for example. It had a safe, mini refrigerator and the usual extras. It was not a bad size room really. The entrance into the bathroom was the weirdest we ever came across, the doors were like old style saloon doors (two and opened outwards into the room), they were certainly designed for space saving as opposed to fashion or practicality! Great location in Boston. Cons - Where do I start? I should point out that I am a big Marriott fan and have never had cause for complaint before but this just fell below standards - Arrival - The initial impression of this hotel is not good, you have to either go up and escalator or in an elevator which is hard to find, to get to reception, it's probably the least welcoming hotel we've stayed at. A sign directing you upstairs to reception should be the least they should have at the entrance. Late Check out - Day 1 we asked for a late check till 3 o'clock out on the day of our departure (2 days later) as we were flying that night, we were told we'd have to call back in the morning! That we did and we were again told we would have to call back in the morning, we couldn't see why they couldn't just block off the room, the hotel was not busy. It's the first ever time we came across this in any Boston hotel. Housekeeping - We arrived back to our room around 10 p.m. on the second night to find that our room had not been attended to. We spoke to reception and the girl called housekeeping in front of me and asked they go do it. We assumed that it would be done by the time we got to the room after we had a drink at the bar, surprise surprise the room still had not been attended to. There was no "do not disturb" sign in the room so it wasn't because we had put this on the door, we couldn't have even if we tried ! Late Check out (again) - We arrived back to our room on check out day to find us locked out of the room (despite us finally getting an agreement on a late check out), we called to reception twice from the house phone and we were told security would be up, they eventually arrived and let us in. In fairness they did give us some credit on our room rate for "failed service", which I assume is to do with housekeeping not attending the room but overall it was a very dissapointing stay at the Marriott Long Wharf and we won't be back to this hotel I'm afraid, though we will stay with Marriott again.