I will be the first to tell you I am a picky traveler, I am discerning and am lucky to be able to afford staying at generally the best hotels wherever we go. We travel often and especially to Boston where my kids go to college so when we go the hotel of choice for us is hands down HOTEL COMMONWEALTH, an exquisite little gem of a boutique hotel which is spotless, beautifully and tastefully decorated, with the best in the bedding, best toiletries,etc............this time they were sold out for the Red Sox game so we had to look at another hotel. I figured Marriott would be fine, we have stayed at several particularly the JW Marriotts as that is their high end brand and we have always been happy with them. This hotel has a great location, near the boats, wharf, harbor,etc.........however the hotel itself is a rather ugly 80's looking outdated building. Cold feeling when you step inside and not at all a luxury kind of hotel. The hallways feel almost like a glorified holiday inn or radison. We get in the room and its very small, they have just put in new bedding which looked very cozy but the other elements in the room were very mediocre. The bathroom was dated and very average, again very small. We go out for a wonderful treat of a dinner to the Chart House, an old Boston favorite with wonderful ambiance and great food. We come back, I pull back the covers and see hair on my mattress, I ALWAYS inspect my mattress/sheets. I then notice in other random areas, like 5 other pieces of hair! GROSS!! My son proceeds to pull his sheets back and starts laughing and tells me his bed too has hair all over it! Sure enough he is right and I am so grossed out at this point, I make a frantic call to the manager, at this point there is only a front desk manager who promptly comes to the room, very apologetic and embarrassed. She then takes our things and we go to another room for "inspection," shockingly this room has stained sheets! I am so grossed out at this point I seriously contemplate sleeping in my car!! So...............finally we see a third room which seems to have clean sheets. At this point I am wiped out, going through the halls in my pjs and robe like a vagabond was ridiculous! The hair is downright inexcusable, the one with the stain should never have been resused, it looked clean but with an old stain but thats disgusting! I barely slept I just felt like everything was dirty and I feared for what I didn't see! On top of all this, the concierge left something to be desired, when I checked in he assured me we were only 3 blocks from a place we had to be early the next morning only to find out we were nearly 20 minutes away! Then he gave us the wrong directions to another place we had to go to right outside of Boston and had us traveling nearly 25 minutes in the wrong direction until we finally stopped at a gas station only to find this out! The next morning we went to I believe its called Oceana, for breakfast, pretty place but just didn't give me a clean and pristine feel. I was VERY anxious to get out of that room though. Breakfast was OK, the waiter was sloppy and there were no saucers served with my coffee so there were coffee stains all over the tablecloth, the carafe was dripping, he brought me small jars of jam and one had been opened and used. YUCK! Basically I sensed a lack of quality control here, just really turned off to the hotel period. The hotel just doesn't feel polished with regard to decor and service, it does not hold a candle or come even remotely close to Commonwealth. This is NOT an upscale place at all, possibly a good convention hotel for a non discerning traveler. I did speak to a general manager and in his defense, he offered what Marriott is famous for, great customer service and followup. He promptly issued a full refund, which he said should have been done the night before and was very apologetic but genuinely thankful for my calling him. I will continue to believe in Marriott, because I have stayed in some excellent hotels but unfortunately this did not live up to their name and just disappointed in every way. This hotel needs a major refurbishing in my opinion. For what we paid, nearly 400.00 for a very small and very average room, I don't feel it was worth it even if the "hair on the sheets" incident didn't apply. Seems like some really like this hotel, which I find interesting...........as I said from the start I prefaced this review by admitting I am a picky and discerning traveler, but believe me anyone would have been VERY turned off by what happened to me. I am sorry to report this but feel its worth sharing.