Please read this before you consider staying at the Boston Park Plaza Hotel. It takes a lot for me to sit down and spend time writing reviews, but this hotel was so horrendous that I actually took three hours out of my schedule to write this and create an account here so that I could hopefully save one person from booking a room at this joke of an historical hotel. My boyfriend had a meeting he had to attend in Boston, and had never stayed at this establishment. Not thinking to read the reviews, he booked the hotel for 5 nights. A little background about us: I am what I would consider an unconventional student. I attend a very prestigious school, and during my time off, I like to road trip around the country, and do some storm chasing, which, more often than not, leads me into having to stay at roadside hotels and motels, from chains big and small. Ive stayed in every type of establishment imaginable, from small mom and pop motels and Motel 6s, to midgrade Hilton Garden Inns and Hampton Inns, all the way to five star hotels such as select Hyatt and Hilton-branded properties. My boyfriend is long finished with his education, and has traveled all over the world and also has quite a bit of experience with hotels. I think that we can both honestly say that this was, hands down, one of the worst, most tacky hotels weve ever encountered, and definitely a poor value for the price. This hotel is sold as an historic, 1920s era hotel, and so of course, youre expecting the charm of the 1920s days of excess combined with modern amenities. That is not the case. Its as if this hotel strives to save as much money as possible while charging as much as possible to its customers. More on this below. My boyfriend and I arrived and checked into our room. It was a standard double room, with two beds (probably tmi but he moves around too much while hes asleep, so we often end up sleeping in separate beds). The first thing we noticed is that the 1920s era door to the room would not close all of the way, and he literally had to run into it to get it to close. The next thing we noticed was the bathrooms. The toilets and tile appear to be original (there is no toilet tank, just a handle and a seat). The bathtubs are original but have had a recast put over them, so that the hotel could forego the cost of replacement, giving the bathrooms that mobile home-esque quality that we all seek in these fine establishments. The next thing we noticed was that the wallpaper was peeling off next to the tub, and that the border tile was coming off as well. Next to the tub was an old radiator, and the dial had been replaced with a more modern thermostat. The wire leading from the thermostat to the radiator had been partially caulked into the edge between the shower tile and the thermostat, leaving about six inches of it exposed. Right on the edge of the bathtub. Let me explain two reasons why this is wrong. Depending on how the thermostat works, the wire either carries an electrical current, or is used more or less as a mobile pull to adjust the temperature settings in the radiator (i.e., turning the dial one way or another tightens or loosens the wire, thereby changing the temperature of the radiator). So if this wire actually carries an electrical current, and is right on the edge of a bathtub obvious electrocution hazard. If this wire is used simply as a mechanical feature, well, half of it was caulked into the edge, leaving it immobilized and unable to properly function. Please correct me if Im wrong with these assumptions. Moving on, I filled the tub, and apparently the secondary drain wasnt working, which led to the entire floor in the bathroom flooding with about a quarter inch of water. Nice for me, because my bag of clothing was on that floor, so now I would have to launder every piece of clothing I had. The bathroom sinks are pedestal sinks (as was common in the 1920s), but were not original. There was virtually no counter space to set your toiletries, aside from a small area underneath the mirror. The toiletries provided by this hotel are from a concept brand (i.e., more or less an off- brand in its marketing test phase) and really are not any good. For the price we were paying for the room, we were expecting to have somewhat recognizable brands; however, I brought my own toiletries so this was not a huge issue. The next thing we noticed was the furniture. Again, one of the hotels selling points is that it is an historical, 1920s era hotel. I understand that the furniture would probably not be original, but I was hoping at least that it would be somewhat of an imitation of 1920s styled furniture. It was not. All of the furniture is this somewhat hideous, somewhat mismatched particle board disasterpiece, and none of it even closely resembles pre-depression styles. The overall layout of the room was unique, but it had its own problems as well. Trim and crown molding was coming off of the wall (and in some places, was entirely absent), and there were large chunks of paint cracking and peeling off of the wall Everywhere. The ceiling was also cracking. The walls were paper-thin (room service was ordered in the room next door, and we both kept checking our door because we thought we had heard a knock on ours), so we didnt sleep well at all. The wall art consisted of framed photographs (something Im sure wasnt the decorating norm for the 1920s), probably because its cheaper to reproduce and frame photographs than to commission an artist to produce reproductions and place them in the rooms. Housekeeping wasnt terrible, but you cant really fairly judge the housekeeping when the hotel room youre paying a premium for in Boston would be better situated in a slum in Beirut. Its kind of like finding the decomposing corpse of a prostitute in the forest, and complaining about how its eyeshadow looked. Honestly cant think of a better analogy. We found a pretzel underneath the set of dressers upon which the television was situated. There was hair in the bathtub and the shower. And the fees with this hotel, dear God the fees. They will charge you for ANYTHING and EVERYTHING. Want a minifridge? Expect to pay $25 for this, and expect it to not be delivered for over an hour, and expect the deliveryman to BEAT DOWN YOUR DOOR to get you to take it (dont worry though, the minifridge had plenty of its own beatings from the looks of it). Want internet service? $12.50 per device, per day. Have a computer and a phone you want to use wifi on? Doesnt matter. $12.50 each. As an aside, dont think about using your cell phone here, either- you will NOT get service, and you will have to use the rooms phone to make calls. Want to make a call? That will be $2.00 for each call, even toll-free calls, plus a premium for any minutes over 60 minutes. Want to print something downstairs in their complimentary business center? That will be an additional charge. Want to bring home a gift to the wife? How about a gift set consisting of a full-size bottle each of our off-brand shampoo and conditioner for $30 (they *actually* advertise this in the room t.a.c.k.y.)? I appreciate how this hotel tries to bill itself as a high-class establishment, but then has the audacity to attempt to sell you full-size bottles of its off-brand shampoo and conditioner for $30.00. Want to relax while youre here and catch up on some TV? Dont expect to have many of the advertised premium channels. No channels after 39, even though they advertise somewhere around 50. Want to actually be productive while youre here? Dont. I guess this hotel figures that since they didnt have internet and fully functioning phone service in the 1920s, theres no need to offer it now. Thats about the only thing this hotel keeps as a tribute to that era  obsolete technology. The internet costs extra and was of poor quality. If you want to make calls, thatll be an additional charge, and dont expect the phones to work either. The cordless phone was absolutely nonfunctioning, and the corded phone had a somewhat busted earpiece, so that I had to continuously ask the other party to repeat themselves. Overall, this establishment is pretty run-down, and will probably never realize its potential. Dont let the appearance of the lobby mislead you- the rooms are disastrous and in need of true rehabilitation. I felt embarrassed for the original proprietors of this hotel after I stayed here. I would be willing to stay again, only if the hotel was sold to new owners and actually, legitimately restored. Otherwise, I wouldnt stay here if I was paid to. Id give this hotel negative stars, but you have to give at least one.