My husband and I stayed at the Boston Park Plaza hotel this past weekend for two night, New Years Eve and the night after, 3 days, 2 nights. I will first say that we have stayed at other historical hotels in both Boston and Providence and have never had an experience like this. I will start with the Pros. Pros: The location. Cons: Everything Else.  The bedding  there was a flat sheet, tucked around the mattress, disguised as a fitted sheet. Then another flat sheet. Then, a duvet with no duvet cover and another flat sheet laid on top of it. When you peel the bedding back, you essentially end up sleeping on an exposed duvet, thinking, who else has slept against this?  The historical charm  while beautiful in the lobby, is disgusting in the room. Maintenance is considered piling layers of thick paint upon each other that chips, peels and ultimately looks like the paint job of a slum lord. The tiles in the bathroom are missing, and then the holes filled with gunk (which is a construction material filler). The crown moulding was butchered. They had chopped it in a variety of places and then either not seamed it together, or done it unevenly. Next time you do a historical restoration, hire a contractor who does historical restorations.  The HVAC  Doesnt work. Not much else to say. Its either off or on, but not really doing anything either way. It was comfortable during the day and sweltering hot at night. And you again begin thinking about that duvet as you sweat through the night.  The security  is overbearing. It was New Years Eve. Room service closes at 11 PM. So we ordered a pizza after coming home from the fireworks. We were home before the bars closed and were comfortably changed into pajamas, makeup removed. Security refused to let the Dominos pizza man come up to the room. I had to go down to the lobby (which was insanely busy at 1:30 AM) in sweats, with no makeup and face the world, becausethe dominos guy might have ulterior motives? He was in a full uniform, with pizza in hand.  TV  There are only basic cable channels, which is fine, but no NESN, so no Bruins. And if was Sox season, no Sox. Youre in Boston, we like sports. And no pay channel to get a movie. Plus, we only had about 6 channels when we checked in and had to have someone come reset the TV.  Room Service  All room service is overpriced, we all know this. But this hotel actually thinks its ok to charge a separate admin fee and a separate service charge on top of that, without telling you, so that when you sign in haste at the door, the employee gets 40% for taking 40 minutes to bring you a few beers on ice.  Pairings  The restaurant downstairs. We went for breakfast the last morning we were there. It was about half full give or take. We decided not to do the buffet, because why spend the extra money when we just want one plate of food. It took 40 minutes for each of us to get eggs. Which then came cold. And our server ignored us the whole time we were waiting. Luckily we had the coffee right behind us so we could self serve, but I was about to help myself to the buffet anyway after waiting so long. We spent $50 on a crappy breakfast. We stayed here because it was cheaper than anywhere else. I am someone who likes to get a deal and was excited at the idea of staying in a nice hotel for a good price. This was a weekend getaway for us and while we still had a great weekend, it was no thanks to this place. Spend the extra $30/40 per night and go someplace else.