I was in Boston for a couple days of business and stayed at the Park Plaza because I got a great rate and was curious about the old Statler hotel. I arrived and checked in without incident, but was put into a twin when I had reserved a queen (yes, they moved me down the hall to a queen room). I had hoped to get a quick hot shower after a long day at work followed by a long flight, but the hot water was only slightly warmer than the cold. I did not call the front desk about that, since something like that must impact the entire hotel and not just my room, and there must be many complaints already, and so I waited until morning when yes, the water was hot again. Various items... The internet was via ethernet cable, 10mb speed, at $10.45 per day. Big flat screen TV but with no in-room movies and limited channels. The large room safe was free and big enough for my big laptop. Nice single-cup Keurig coffee maker (could use real creamer, not the powdered stuff). The bed was great, but the room had a slight insecticide odor. The bathroom had hairs all over the sink, and there was a sound of water dripping above the bathroom ceiling. Nice twin Speakman shower heads with great water pressure. Curved shower rod was not installed correctly, was loose and sagged. The room air conditioner must be as old as the hotel itself, some kind of high pressure "induction air" unit that literally howls when the air valve opens every time the thermostat kicks on, and continues to roar like a jet engine all night long. Finally, this morning, up at 4am to catch the early flight home, and... you guessed it... no hot water again. No time to waste with a call to the front desk, there would be nothing they could do anyway, so a cold shower, cold shave, and off to the airport. If they would raise the rent another $5 they would still be half of what the Marriott Copley rents for, but would that help pay for fixing their hot water heater and upgrading the a/c ?... or is this some kind of planet-saving energy conservation strategy by management? Don't know, but they need to get their act together. Otherwise, this beautiful old hotel has great character and needs some help to keep her alive another hundred years.