I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights (ouch!) because my conference was held here. If it were not for the discounted conference room rate, I would not have chosen to stay here, due to the mostly negative reviews. And unfortunately, most complaints against this hotel are valid. This hotel has only 1 thing going for it...it is smack in the middle of Boston, maybe 30 paces from Arlington underground station. Other than that...it was a let down. The hotel was massive. I would guess that my room at the "back" of the hotel was probably 500metres from the lift lobby...the room was EXTREMELY small, and did not even have a wardrobe, nor hangars. The bath was OK sized, but you could tell it was aged. Overall, the room was clean. Here is a video i took of the room http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2ZNr_FhruE However, the biggest problems with this hotel have to be with the front/back office. I don't know why, but for some reason, upon arrival, they charge the entire cost of stay PLUS a deposit of US$100 per night, which given 6 nights was a huge sum of money. They claimed that this would be "released" upon departure, and the final bill settled...well, I have to check carefully when my credit card bill comes. However, i don't like this practice. I never see it done anywhere else... Also, they got my bookings wrong, and thought i was going to check out after 2 nights. After a lot of time spent hassling with the front office, they managed to sort it out BUT ONLY after they had charged me for 2 nights at the non-conference (higher) rates. Well, guess what? They couldn't refund that amound immediately, and would have to let accounting refund that amound LATER. Again, I have to check my credit card bill to see if that is eventually done... The front office staff, while trying to be nice, are essentially clueless. Assuming there wasn't a conference discounted rate for the room, i cannot imagine anyone wanting to pay the published rate and to get such small rooms and bad service. Not even for a historic hotel in the middle of town. Really not worth the suffering.