We stayed here for Fourth of July weekend, which also happens to be my husband's Birthday. I was SO Disappointed! I too got a room (Deluxe Room on the 10th floor) with 2 stand up shower and OH MY were they disgusting. I too did not want to shower without my flip flops on, but had to. The tiles were old light blue tiles and the bottom portion of it were white tiles that come to find out since one of the showers was SO small and bumped my elbow on it, weren't even real tiles. It's this plastic cover that moves in when you touch it and the mosaic floor, disgusting!!!!! Dirty grout, tiles broken, faucets don't even match on the sink and the sink is so old and small. The handle to the shower says hot on one side and cold on the other, but when you actually move it, it's the opposite! And the sinks are pedestal, so you cannot put anything on it comfortably. Then I requested turn down service, which they told me that it's not available on my floor, B-U-T, I had asked the front desk after I made my reservationsand she didn't even bother to ask me my reservation #, or anything and so she told me all about it and I was so excited. Time comes, I asked for it and housekeeping or room service said we don't offer that on your floor, but she would do it as a courtesy. Wow, great! Guess what?? never got it! Then since this was a Birthday special stay (meaning, you pay full price $ 335.00 first night and 2nd and 3rd night you pay the year that you're born), which is a great deal if this was a great hotel, so anyway, they offer champagne and chocolate covered strawberries 4), the champagne tasted like beer, disgusting and cheap. The first night we stayed there we had teens staying in the room next to us and in front of us who partied till 4 AM. I thought that they were in the hallway the entire time, but actually they were in both the hallway and room right next to us and you heard them like they right outside your door, that's how thin the walls are. I had to call the fornt desk twice. They remedy this by providing complimentary breakfast at Pairings, which is basically buffet style (not on the menu) items and a $ 100.00 refund, which I appreciated very much thanks to the sales manager. The location is perfect!!!!!! Walking distance to everything and to the beautiful park. All and all, I would not stay there again. We decided the next time we go to Boston, we know exactly where to stay assuming it's for one night, since it's so pricey, but worth every penny (a hotel not too far) and that's where we stayed the first time we went to Boston. The only way, I would go back to The Park Plaza Hotel is after asking a million questions and making sure I don't get this disgusting room that I got. They fool you by putting pictures of the marble bathroom on their website, when in reality that's not what you get in all rooms. OH and the view.......buildings and windows and a fake back area with fake grass and birds. So stupid!