It was supposed to be a quiet, romantic escape. We thought we were checking into an luxury historic hotel from a bygone era. Instead we experienced a horrible overnight stay. There were a couple positives. The location was great for the city activities we had planned. The bed was very comfortable and the dual shower head was wonderful. Most everything else fell flat. Upon arrival no one greeted us, took our bags or even opened a door for us. We had paid for the "tower level" service and it was nice to be able to go straight to the 15th floor for our check-in but the greeting we received was hardly welcoming. Our room was so small. A couple times I was whacked by the bathroom door by my spouse because it was so tight in there. There was only one robe is the closets (and no promised slippers) bringing me to the conclusion that generally the room was used for one person not two. A few things in the bathroom had been updated (they advertised new marble bathrooms in the tower rooms) but the bathtub bottom buckled and creeked under our feet (I'm only 125 pounds). The room was in OK repair but slapping a coat of paint (paint spray was on door locks and furniture told the story) right over dents and dings doesn't mean an upgrade. We requested, and never received, turn down service. The concierge was never at the desk to help us out with problems or answer questions. The room was very noisy. Not that people were being loud and disturbing us but city noise came in loudly through the window and any little sound out in the hall was heard loudly in our room. The tower lounge was nicely appointed but the food & beverages were only available for a very short time each day. Breakfast had minimal offerings and was just average. The "happy hour" offerings were no better than a local bar, hardly what I was expecting from a luxury hotel. The staff in the lounge was more annoying than helpful. Save your money, this upgrade is not worth it! This hotel also claims a fitness facility but it was a small, poorly maintained room with a couple pieces of equipment. We decide to skip it and jog the park instead. This place really needs an overhaul. Having a staff that was welcoming, professional and more service conscious would go a long way to improving the experience.