My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for just one night on our way up to a vacation in Maine. I booked through Expedia and got a rate that was much cheaper than what was advertised on the hotel website. Unfortunately, even for about $100 off the regular room rate, I still feel like I got ripped off. First of all, the room was tiny and dingy. We were on the 5th floor, but when I looked out of our window, I saw only a rooftop right at our level, and several other hotel rooms directly across the way. We got absolutely no direct (or indirect) sunlight and couldn't even keep the shades open because anyone across the way could see right in. That alone wouldn't rate such a negative review. But after dinner and drinks, we came back to our room with hopes of watching some TV. But the TV channels were all so fuzzy that we could barely make out the picture. They had cable, so I'm not sure why the channels looked so terrible, but we couldn't watch TV at all. Overnight, the air conditioner in the room clanged and clattered, keeping us up all night. The next morning, when we went to take showers, there was no hot water. After about 15 minutes, the water still wasn't warm enough to actually shower in, so we just decided to shower at our hotel in Maine that afternoon. Also, there was no actual shower stall, just a curtain that separated the shower head and drain from the rest of the floor. So after running the water for a while, the entire bathroom was soaking wet. As we were getting dressed for breakfast, housekeeping burst into the room, even though the "Do Not Disturb" sign was clearly displayed on our doorknob. We went out to breakfast and then came back to check out. I complained about the TV, AC and lack of hot water as we checked out and the desk agent asked me if I called anyone to come repair it. I told her that we obviously didn't, as we didn't find out about the TV until almost midnight, and we didn't find out about the lack of hto water until that morning. She said that she couldn't do anything for us because we prepaid for the room. She offered us a free breakfast in the hotel restaurant but I told her that we'd already eaten and asked her if she could comp us our valet parking ($40). She refused. It was only one night, but it was a terrible experience. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.