Lets start with the good: 1) Location, location, location. Very close to wonderful Boston Commons and wonderful Boston shopping (Newbury St.). 2) The Hotel Bar (Whiskey Park). My husband was very excited that they served absinthe (but not very excited about the $13 price tag). Now, the (much longer) bad: 1) The bell hops didnt take our suitcase out of the cab for us (the taxi driver even scolded them for this) and they didnt hold the door for us either. It seems they just got paid to stand there and look disgruntled. 2) The room itself. I think it was made for little people. The drawers on the chest of drawers could not be opened without hitting into the bed. Im very, very thin and could barely walk through the space between the tv and the bed. Also, the dcor was overly tacky. 3) The bathroom was very small. There was mold and water damage near the door where water leaked from the shower. We didnt notice what it was at first but after we had both showered, water began to pool by the door even though we clearly had the double-lined shower curtain fully extended. You could also push on the lining of the shower walls and feel it move, indicating it wasnt securely connected to the foundation of the bathroom. 4) The prostitutes. Yes, I said prostitutes. They seem to be in abundance around this hotel. (I suppose some of you may find this to fall under the good title, but I did not.) There were many trashy-dressed less-than attractive women who continued to stager back into the hotel dragging various college-aged men and local bar patrons. 5) The internet situation. $12 per day. Even The Holiday Inn has free WiFi. Nuff said. 6) As my husband and I were leaving the hotel, we asked a bell hop to fetch us a cab, of which there is a presence 24 hours a day. He asked if it was for the airport (which it was) and he directed us to a very nice luxury SUV. Assuming it was a hotel shuttle service, we got in, but the man driving attempted to charge us 30 dollars for the trip (the cab ride coming to the hotel was 24). The bell hop had been conversing with the driver outside of the hotel all morning so one can assume this is a way that they con tourists into unlicensed jitney services.