Being a frequent business traveler, I have stayed in hotels all over the US, including many in rural locations where business-class hotels are simply not available. Moreover, I have stayed in several New York and Boston hotels where the sheer cost leaves me to feel shortchanged. Yet, the Boston Park Plaza was one of the worst values and the biggest disappointments so far Across the street from the Four Seasons and near the Boston Commons, this hotel is in great location. Combined with a stately faade and posh lobby, my initial impression was very favorable. In fact, there was a Lamborghini parked in front of the Whiskey, which is in the same building. Sadly, my initial high expectations led to a huge disappointment when I ultimately saw the room. Even before reaching my floor, I was getting the impression the hotel was not operating anywhere near that of a five star property. The first red flag was the rather heated discussion I had with the front desk associate who tried to put me in a smoking room. At first, he claimed my corporate travel agent had requested a smoking room. When I produced a printout of my reservations that clearly said Nonsmoking requested, he indicated that it was only a request. Okay then, so I specifically did NOT request a smoking room. In the end, I was given a nonsmoking deluxe room, which was far worse than those in most mid-tier suburban motels. The first thirty second experience upon entering the room gave me the you have got to be kidding me feeling. The furniture was rickety and circa 1970. There were many visible gouges and scratches  almost as if it appeared that much it was acquired at a thrift shop. But what irritated me most was that the desk was so small and the chair so uncomfortable. It was extremely difficult to work. Instead of having a nicely padded chair to use while working, the hotel provides its customer with what appears to be thirty-year-old dining room chairs that have been garbage picked. While I was most concerned about my productivity, it was quite a shock to see the condition of the aesthetic elements of the room. There were visible stains all over the carpet and scratches on the walls. Giving the hotel the benefit of doubt, these items could be ascribed to wear and tear and poor planning of capital investments. But wait for the real shocker  the bathrooms (oddly, my room had two tiny bathrooms). When first glancing around diminutive bathrooms with their old fixtures and tiles, disappointment quickly sets in. This disappointment turns to shock when opening the shower curtain. What could be so obviously horrible about a shower even before it is turned on? The size. They were not large enough for an average-sized adult. The stalls were a bizarre irregular shape that was about two feet wide and two and a half feet long. The showerheads were angled into the perpendicular wall, making it very difficult to shower more than a small part of the body at a time. This is absolutely crazy. Many of the aforementioned problems were mere irritations that made the stay unpleasant. However, other problems severely impacted my sleep. While the mattress was mediocre, the pillows were absolute junk. They were the cheapest, overstuffed polyfill products imaginable. The whole night while rolling around, I was debating whether to sleep with them, bunch up a towel, or use nothing at all. There is no excuse for what the Boston Park Plaza is making its guests endure. This hotel should be closed and gutted. You were warned.