I spent 3 nights at the Park Plaza for a conference held in their ballroom. First of all, the place is lovely. The ballroom was spectacular, and the common areas are elegant. However, the room was attractive, but not well laid out. I was staying alone in a standard sized room with a queen bed and a small bathroom. The TV is perpendicular to the bed and there was only one chair which was upholstered, but a bit heavy for moving from desk to corner for TV viewing. The bed was a bit soft, but the sheets and pilows nice. The windows all faced out onto city streets (though many of the hotels rooms faced interior.) There were 2 blinds to pull down--one which filtered light, and a heavier one which blocked light, though not along the sides of the window (there were no curtains.) The food was good (room service) though pricey. I parked in the motormart garage and walked across the street and half a block down to the hotel. For this I paid $28 per 24 hours. The fitness center was smallish and in a windowless basement room--clearly an after thought. I tried to walk down the steps form my 5th flor room to get to the fitness room. The stairs were open and the sign said they went down to the lobby--however, they ended at a fire door to the outside with no lobby access at all. The real problem with this hotel, however, was the 3 interrupted nights of sleep I had here. The first night the rooms around me were quiet, but the alarm clock in my room went off at 5:00 and again at 5:20 (apparently, someone had set both alarms on the clock.) The second night, the 4 college-aged girls in the next room woke me when they returned loud and drunk at around 2 am. After no let up for 10 minutes, I complained to the front desk and they stopped about 10 minutes later. The third night I was awaken at 5:30 by a screaming (not crying, but screaming) baby which sounded upstairs from me. The walls and ceilings/floors in this old hotel are paper-thin. I have stayed in many large convention/meeting hotels. They are usually much quieter than this. If I have a meeting at this hotel in the future, I will stay in a quieter place nearby.