I booked my recent stay at Park Plaza Boston because I like to frequent Starwood properties, and the room price was competitive. Not cheap, but comparable to other hotels in the area. I regretted this from the moment I tried to check in. First of all, despite the fact that I found this hotel on the Starwood website, they are only minimally affiliated with Starwood and told me I would not accrue points during my stay. The guy at the desk was nice enough and I recognize the policy is not his fault. But I felt mislead. I got to my room and there was one bed despite the fact that my reservation was for 4 adults, I had requested 2 beds and had asked for 3 keys at check in. I called downstairs and was moved to another floor. The second room had two beds and I was impressed with the size of the room. There were 2 bathrooms which seemed exciting. Both had showers. Upon inspection, one of the showers had clearly not been cleaned. Not only was it dirty, there were toiletries from a previous guest still sitting in the shower. The remaining shower which we had to assume had been cleaned, was so small I barely fit. (I'm only 5'8" and 140 pounds, not huge by any means) Additionally, there was a large stain on the wall that was either blood or red wine. The beds were lumpy and the mattresses very old which made for a terrible nights sleep. The bell men werent helpful and we often ended up walking to get a cab instead of waiting for them to finally notice we were standing there. We called the concierge once for help with a restaurant but hung up after we were put on hold for over 5 minutes. The maid service made the beds and took our towels but didnt leave any new ones. This is a big hotel, so the crowded lobby is typical. But the bar in the hotel makes for a late night, very drunk crowd. And walking into the front doors of the hotel at 11pm meant walking through a cloud of smoke. I was in Boston to visit girlfriends and was embarrassed to have been the one to pick the hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It is like a motel trying to pass for an upscale chain.