It's a shame that the rest of the hotel isn't as nice as the lobby. We were last week booked into the Boston Park Plaza with a number of others for a conference. On first sight the rooms actually looked fairly nice and probably photograph quite well. There did not seem to be any bedbugs around, and the room was pretty clean, somehow the general upkeep didnt meet the expectations of anything for which you would generally pay over $100 a night. The real issue, apart from the noisy air con, (which had no controls), were the beds. The hotel should really be ashamed of itself on this point. There seemed to be nothing but rooms with 2 queen beds available for anyone that we talked to who stayed there. The beds themselves were cheap and uncomfortable, as well as being old with quite dusty, grubby looking mattresses when you pulled up the sheets. They were much more in keeping with something that you would find in a $60 motel room, and way worse than anything you will find at your average Best Western. The bedding itself was also woeful! On each bed an undersized and very cheap mattress pad was put between the single, slightly threadbare, rough and cheap feeling sheet. You could clearly see the pattern of the mattress through the sheet when you pulled back the covers. On top of this there was another sheet between you and the comforter. The comforter itself was a cheap synthetic and the comforter cover was thick nylon of the worst kind. You basically had a choice between freezing with a single sheet on top of you, or sweating profusely under this nylon monstrosity. (These are the words of someone else who was booked in for the conference, there was a fair bit of upset over the quality of the hotel). The pillows were similarly synthetic, old and small. The pillowcases were too big for the pillows and had to be tucked back into the opening to fit. The beds themselves were so uncomfortable that it was difficult for two people to sleep on a queen. (My friends in another room gave up, they had their two children with them and ended up sleeping with an adult and a child in each bed), The staff were, as a rule, fairly rude and unhelpful. (With the exception of one or two who were very pleasant,). The maids dont seem to know how to knock. They once caught me naked when they just barged into my room, and then just left without apologizing. Housekeeping made the most minimal effort imaginable. And I dont think they seem to want to spring for the cost of fabric conditioner in the laundry, the sheets and towels were incredibly rough. Valet parking took at least 15- 20 minutes to get your car, and if you wanted to get something out of it, they didnt want to bring the car round, rather they would send you off up the road in 95 degree heat with a valet in tow to collect your stuff from your car which is at the top of a parking lot a block away. I was astonished. (Especially as I was clearly in my pajamas and had popped down to get something I needed out of the car.) The whole point of valet parking is so that they go get you your car when you ask for it within a reasonable amount of time.I have never had a hotel expect you to go to your car if a valet has parked it for you. Its also worth mentioning that there is no pool or spa services, which you would expect for the kind of prices they charge. To sum up. This hotel is probably okay if you get a REALLY great deal on hotwire or something. But despite the nice lobby, it has pretty sub standard, elderly, motel quality furnishings in the rooms and minimal facilities. The staff are still pretty rude, although possibly not as bad as they once were. I would have been very annoyed if I had actually had to pay my own money for this room, and anything over $110 is definitely not worth it. Especially if you want to get a good nights sleep on an acceptably clean and comfortable bed. Dont be conned by the nice looking lobby. There are much nicer hotels in just as good locations for the same price or less. I am honestly surprised that they manage to stay in business.