We arrived at the Park Plaza on 3rd July for one night's stay after being 'Walked Over' from the Radisson Hotel Boston, which didnt have a non-smoking room available for us (booked on Priceline). The hotel lobby was very impressive and the staff on reception were friendly. We then asked about the best place to go for the music and fireworks the following day (4th of July) and the concierge (Dottie) came over really keen, telling us that she had a few last minute cancellations of VIP tickets for a boat on the river with dinner, the perfect place to spend the evening and see the fireworks. She wrote everything down for us on a map and we were happy with that and settled in for the evening. At around 6:45 the next morning, the fire alarm went off. We had to quickly get dressed whilst they were validating the alarm, then walk down nine floors and stand outside the hotel. Fortunately it was a false alarm and they let us back in within ten minutes. We were really exhausted and managed to get another few hours sleep. We checked out of the Park Plaza and walked across to the Radisson. Later that afternoon we went to the boathouse by the river, to what we thought would be a boat/restaurant as suggested by the concierge at the Park Plaza. It turned out that it was simply to sit on the docks in the yard (the Community Boat House) on folding chairs. The dinner was to be BBQ - burgers, hotdogs and watermelon. It was certainly not what we were sold, so after sitting there for a short while I called the concierge back at the Park Plaza to complain. Dottie was not working so another guy said that he would call her and get back to me. When he called back it turned out that Dottie denied telling us about the VIP boat/Dinner and said that she sold us tickets to sit at the boat house, even though we had it written down in her own handwriting! We went back to the Park Plaza and got our money back, then made our own arrangements for the evening. Dottie might had made a genuine mistake, but it ruined our first and last 4th of July in Boston! So check anything you get from the concierge very carefully whilst you are still at the desk... As for the hotel itself, the rooms are clean but the bathroom is small. They are certainly in urgent need of redecoration. Had we paid the full price (rather than the great deal through Priceline) I would have been seriously disappointed. As it is, it served its purpose for the night.