We stayed at the Boston Park Plaza Hotel and Towers while a friend was running in the Boston Marathon. My review should be read in the context of being overtaxed by marathoners and their families, but also note that I dont complain much about things. In fact, this is my first review, since I was so dissatisfied with our accommodations in an expensive hotel. When I read what is below, I figured I was some whining snob, but thats simply not my bag, baby. Give me clean, safe, and (relatively) quiet in a hotel, and I dont gripe much. These were not descriptors Id use for this particular stay. To begin with, parking was atrocious. The valet parking was poorly labeled, and we circled the building three times until my wife finally dropped me off to go inside and ask. The problem was that the valets all wear the same outfit for every establishment in that area, so it's impossible to discern for whom they work until you see their sign. The Park Plaza's sign is poorly visible. If you're wondering, you need to pull up in front of McCormick & Schmicks. What appears upon casual observation to be the valet parking for that restaurant is actually for the hotel. When asking for assistance, with my wife parked on the street waiting for me to return, I was funneled through the busy lobby and forced to wend my way through the interior of the building via repeated requests of help from folks in order to find the parking center, which was unfortunately on the opposite side of the building. Once I got there and tried to clarify that this was the correct place, the valet captain was rude and dismissive. His staff, though, was very cordial and responsive once we pulled up in the correct place. Once inside, the desk staff was pleasant and helpful, though were not well-informed. Despite our having confirmed everything repeatedly prior to arrival, and having electronic confirmation, they were not quite sure what to do with us when we arrived. We eventually (after about 20 minutes of computer acrobatics by the desk staff) got the room we had confirmed rather than one half its size. Throughout this 20 minute wait, our bags were taken by the Bell captain to his desk, where he left it unattended for almost the entire time in the midst of a busy lobby. He was offended when I walked over by it, and said Id like to keep an eye on our luggage since my wifes laptop was in the computer bag on the trolley, reassuring me that hed take care of it for me, though as soon as I walked away, he became engaged in another conversation and walked away from it. The room was not a bad size; with a breathtaking view of  the building next door. Literally, the building obstructing our view was about 30 feet from us, so it felt almost cozy to open the shades and see what the neighbors were wearing and what they were watching on television. Indeed, if our windows had opened, we could have just listened to their TV and not had to turn ours on at all. The room was not particularly clean either, with sizeable stains on the sofa (neither my wife nor I planned on drinking enough alcohol at any point during our trip to adventure sitting on whatever that once was) and on the carpet. The bathrooms were small and dingy, but the showers, hallelujah! Well, my wife said hers (yes, we had two bathrooms for some reason) was average, but mine was a revelation. Two showerheads with impressive water pressure and sensitive controls made this a destination shower in my mind. Not worth the $284 a night we spent to be there, but almost. If my goal had been to stay in the shower the entire visit, Id be recommending this hotel to you without reservations. Take that for what its worth in your hierarchy of needs. The elevators were inconsistent and felt borderline unsafe at times, though to be fair we never actually hurtled to our deaths. They were just slow and jerky, but not likely fatal. Of course, after the marathon, there were lines snaking around the hotel lobby waiting for the elevators, so we took the stairs to the eighth floor, which most of the marathoners were understandably less willing to do than my wife and I, who havent run a combined total of 26.2 miles during our cumulative lifetimes. Were lazy on a day-to-day, but not a minute-to-minute basis, it would seem. Food service was hilariously overpriced ($90 for a case of Budweiser  no I didnt drink anything, I was just stunned by the price as I was looking through the menu), with no minibar option to at least put the egregiously priced food in your room so that you didnt have to wait 45-60 minutes to pay too much for hotel food. Additionally, the room service staff taking our order was impressively rude and dismissive when told of a serious food allergy. However, the person delivering our order was exceedingly pleasant and courteous. So, too, was the housekeeping staff. When checking out, you are instructed to contact the Valet service 30 minutes in advance to have your car waiting for you upon departure. We did so, and it was still not ready nearly 45 minutes after our call. That, though, was not the insult. Upon our arrival home, my wife noted several ink marks on the dash, where clearly the Valet service had been holding a pen in his hand and written on the dash in several spots. Perfect! Not only did it cost $38 a night to have our car there, but they also wrote all over the dash. Aces! I would definitely recommend against staying in this hotel upon your trip to Boston, unless youve got more money than you can spend in other, more productive ways.