I was traveling on business and had the unfortunate experience of staying here. At first I thought I was going to be impressed... friendly staff at check-in, nice lobby, very nicely decorated hallways that were quite large. But things went downhill when I got to my room. 1) My room was TINY. Despite the fact I could tell they had tried to make it contemporary with their decorating, it was smaller than your average marriott room, the condition of the furniture was not-so-great, and the bed was oddly low to the ground (as if it was missing the spring mattress). 2) When I peeled back the top cover on the bed (as I always do as soon as I get into a hotel room), I saw a dark curly hair! The kind you DON'T want to see! Eeewww!!! I peeled the sheet further back -- another dark curly hair, and then another, and then another. Five in total, which I picked up with kleenex. I am almost 100% positive they never changed the sheets after the last guest. 3) The linens were old, they were not high quality, and you could see small tears in the pillows and bedsheets. 4) The pillows were hard foam. hardly the type of pillow I would expect at this kind of hotel. Heck, I can even get feather down pillows at a Marriott Courtyard. 5) Room service attendant made no attempt to show me my food under the silver covers or uncover them or anything. She just plopped them down on the desk, watched the TV I had on, and waited for me to sign the bill. 6) The WORST part of the entire stay came when I got into bed, shut my TV off, and realized I could hear EVERYTHING going on in my neighbors room. I could hear word-for-word what was on their TV, I could hear them go to the bathroom, I could hear them get in & out of bed, I could hear them cough/ sneeze, etc. I am not kidding you. It was awful. I was up forever -- I turned up my heat to something awfully hot just so the loud drone of the heat would cover up the noises from the next room. I don't think I have EVER stayed in a hotel w/ walls this thin. I'm not exaggerating. My neighbor woke up around 3 am in a coughing fit, and it was like they were in bed next to me. It woke me up! And then when morning came I could hear the wake-up calls & alarm for both rooms on either side of me. One at 5 am, another at 6 am. 7) The bathroom was so small that I didn't even have a place to hang my towel or put my toiletry bag down (I had to put it on the side of the tub). NEVER AGAIN will I stay here. I will say, though, that not all the rooms are as small as mine... I saw one of my co-workers rooms there and it seemed almost normal. The bed wasn't freakishly low to the ground, and her room was a lot bigger (although her bathroom was still terribly small).