Here is my letter of complaint I wrote to the management: Our stay at your hotel could possibly have been one of the WORST hotel experiences I have had - and I stay in a LOT of hotels in my line of work. I'd thought your hotel was an upscale hotel, and one that my wife, 5 yr old daughter and myself would enjoy on our weekend in Boston August 19th & 20th. Clearly it seemed a more upscale hotel than others, and in a good location. The problem began shortly after our arrival at 2pm when, after having booked a Junior Suite with a pullout sofa (for my daughter to sleep on), we checked into our room (with Bellman in tow) only to find that it didn't have a sofa, nor was it a suite. I went back down to the front desk. The Bellman seemed to be getting annoyed - for having to follow us, for some reason. The gentleman at the front desk said it showed as such on the computer, but would put us into another room. We went back up to the new room on the 11th floor only to find that this also did not have a sofa, nor was it a suite. We all had to go back down again. Now the Bellman was so annoyed he was saying nothing to us at all. So, back down to the front desk again, and assigned yet another room on the 6th or 7th floor. This one also did not have a sofa, and had 2 very small strange bathrooms (also still not a suite) I informed the Bellman that we had to go back down once more. He just dumped our luggage & belongings in a pile in the room and left without a word!! I left my wife & daughter in the room with our stuff & headed back down once again. This time I spoke with the desk manager. After a lengthy time checking and double-checking, she was able to find us a regular (non-suite) room with a pull-out sofa. In addition she provided a discount on the room. We of course now insisted on having a different Bellman help us this time. To note - we arrived at the hotel at 2 pm - it was 5:30 pm by the time we got checked into our last room! A paramount and unnecessary waste of time! Discounts aside, we were quite taken aback by the lack of helpfulness from your front desk staff (with the exception of the desk manager). Moreover, your Bellman was downright rude, and made my wife and daughter feel rather uncomfortable. Overall, I would characterize the staff as being "less than willing to help". We found this to be the case with the restaurant staff (which we chose to use for breakfasts only), the room service staff, etc... We were seated for breakfast and told our server we'd be having the buffet. Upon arriving back from the buffet, we found that someone else had been seated at our assigned table! Neither the maitre'd or the server seemed equipped to make a decision & resolve their mistake - rather, leaving it to us to sort out using another vacant table. We were always made to feel as though these inconveniences laid upon us were "our problem". Not exactly the best service philosophy.