I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Boston Park Plaza as a part of a national convention of 1000 people. The Park Plaza was the convention hotel and therefore I went ahead and booked at $160 a night plus 12% tax. The plaza is a historical hotel and I knew it would have some quirks, but the hotel and staff did not live up to their 3 1/2 star rating. Check-in at the Park Plaza was the worst. Yes, we were there early for convention check-in, however, staff was rude and unconcerned that we had to be checked in changed for an evening dinner cruise. Check-in was supposed to be at 3 p.m. however, we did not receive our room keys until 4:45 p.m while we were sitting on the bus to go to our dinner cruise. (We checked at 11:30a, 1:15p, 3:15p, 4p prior to getting a room.) AT least my check-in experience went better than the business traveler ahead of me whose company had made reservations but due to computer problems the hotel did not have the gentlemans reservation so he didn't have a room. Parking had been quoted as a convention rate of $24 self-park or $27 valet-parking. Upon arrival we found valet-parking to be $36 per night. Front desk was rude at attempted check-in and at check-out they were just happy to be getting rid of the convention guests. The manager who brought us our room keys gave us a $50 gift certificate for all the trouble. However, this gift was a coupon that all the people at convention received and it was $50 off of a purchase of $60 or more. Once we got into the room which was one of the smaller rooms I have ever stayed in and definately the most expensive for the size. We found that the doors to the rooms were very difficult to open and usally required at least 3 attempts to open the door. Due to the age of the hotel and having stayed in another historic hotel in LA I was expecting a small room, closet and bathroom however, the Park Plaza doesn't overcome the feeling of being a small room. The air conditioning was not working well anywhere in the hotel except on the 4th floor were a majority of the business offices were located and we had a workshop in this area. The hotel did provide fans for several guests who complained and continued to complain until something was done. It didn't help to even open the windows since Boston was in the high 80's to low 90's with 92-95 % humidity. The room supplies such as towels, washcloths, handtowels, soap, shampoo, and coffee making supplies were not always restocked everyday. We had to call 4 times before finally giving up on the coffee the one day. The hotel room was clean and smelled nice thankgoodness we didn't have a problem there. In the banquet room however, there was a mouse trap in the balcony area near a window that was set and ready to go. We checked it every time we were up there to make sure we didn't have any extra friends for meal functions. (Both myself and another gentleman took pictures.) Concierge was helpful at giving directions to nearby attractions and was able to sell us tickets for the trolley tour. The hotel is nearby Public Gardens, Boston Commons, Beacon Hill, Cheers Bar and about a 10-15 minute walk from Prudential Center. Overall if you don't care about the price or the service but want to be close to some of the attractions go ahead and stay at the Park Plaza but as for me no thanks one stay was enough.