I went on a long weekend to this hotel with my boyfriend who booked it at a travel agent rate, being a travel agent, for a steal at $59 per night. (They didn't even ask to see his travel agent card!) We were impressed with the hotel's location and the lavish lobby inside. I was excited to see that the hotel so far was nicer than expected. Upon entering our room, although it had a pretty decor as the pictures and was a decent size, there was a slight funky old smell and the carpet was pretty worn and stained. But, for $59 per night, who would complain? The first morning we woke up we noticed was that the walls are paper thin (There as a small child crying and throwing a tantrum at about 8am, urgh). Later that night when we arrived, we were stopped by security to show our keys because there was a High School Prom held in one of the ball rooms and there were a bunch of teens all dress up hanging out in the lobby. If thats' not your cup of tea don't go during prom season. After that, we reach the room and I went into the bathroom and saw a dead bug on the self in front of the mirror!!!! I was really grossed out but, my boyfriend told me to let it slide and if it happens again we'll complain. I reluctantly agreed and had my eye out the rest of our stay. We didn't spend much time in the room being that we were all over Boston all weekend. It has a T-stop station a block away, which takes you quickly anywhere from Fenway Park to North Boston. Also,hotel is located right near the BEAUTIFUL park , The Boston Common. There are some nice casual restaurants with pretty good food like the Rattlesnake but, make sure you get there early enough for the kitchen to be open in any reataurant in Boston as these close by 10pm. I'm from NY, so i'm not used to that. The lounge in the hotel looked like it was a hot spot but it didn't peak our interest becuase it was too dark and small. You are also only a few blocks away from the Prudential Building where there are a lot of cafes and restaurants to choose from. Over all, for the price we were offered it was OK. The pictures besides the one of the lobby do the rooms too much justice as they are not as spic n' span. But, we got lucky and paid a Ramada Inn rate as opposed to an outrageous $200 plus rate that was worth well under that. So, folks, this was my experience, it may not be yours if you decide on this hotel but, my advice... unless you are the one getting a rate that is a steal, they will be robbing you. Good Luck.