I booked this hotel through Hotwire so I got an ok rate on it. When I looked at it on the web I was quite excited until I started to read the reviews here then I was concerned. When my cab pulled up to the hotel the cabby put my three bags on the curb. I waited a few minutes for a someone from the bell staff to help me with my bags. I was traveling alone and on the second week of a two week stay in the area. When I realized no one was coming to get my bags I picked them up and hauled them into the lobby. I stood in front of the main desk waiting for someone to help me check in but they all seemed too busy with whatever they were doing on the computer. Eventually I went up to one of them and asked nicely if this was where I check in she said yes but she was busy and would be with me in a minute. After getting my room key I headed up to my room. This is where the real fun begins. I put my key in the door and it made a chime noise but when I turned the handle the door would not open. I trekked back down to the front desk leaving my bags in the hallway. They reactivated my key and then sent me back up to try again. Same problem couldn't open the door. I went down a third time and they said they would send security to open my door. So I trekked back upstairs and waited outside the door for security. Eventually a fairly large security guy showed up. He opened the door but it did take him a decent amount of force. I asked him if anything could be done about my door and he said he would put in a maintenance request. I checked in on a Saturday so I guessed it would probably be Monday before I saw maintenance. I put my bags in the room and rested for a minute. I tried to open the door now that someone else had opened it but to no avail I couldn't get the door open. I then went down to the desk and asked for the manager. I told him the story and that I still could not open the door. I asked for a new room and he was very nice and gave me not only a new room but an upgrade. The photo attached to this review was the view from my window over the common. The concierge staff was not that great and usually swamped. The hotel lobby was very pretty and there were a few good places to eat on the exterior of the hotel. Location wise it was a block from a T station and a block from the common. It was also very close to the theater district and Chinatown. The phone charges are also outrageous as well as the charge for internet access. If my check in experience would have been better, staff more helpful and the miscellaneous charges lower I would have probably really liked this hotel.