I have e-mailed the manager of this Doubletree and Hilton Customer Service and received no reply. My family and I have been staying at the Doubletree for many years whenever we go to Boston. Frustrations/annoyances have been minimal. Our stay on July 4 came close to erasing the good experiences. When I came to check in, the young woman said ,Oh, youre already checked in. I asked her how that could be, since we just got there. She answered that it was probably some sort of Hilton Honors thing. I was not asked for a photo id or my charge card. That seemed very odd to me. During my whole stay I never signed anything other than the restaurant tab. I was given keys to room on the eighth floor, so we went up there only to find people already in the room. So I went back downstairs to the desk. The staffer who gave me keys to another room didnt seem to understand why I was upset and insisting that he make sure that I was only being billed for one room. I was also upset because I had made a reservation for a high corner room with a river view so we could see the aerial display for the fireworks. The desk clerk told me that you can't see the fireworks from the Doubletree. A lie -- since we watched them from our room last year. At no point did he take any responsibility for the error. I asked for breakfast coupons and he gave them to me for breakfast the next day. We were assigned another, which was hot. In fact, it kept getting hotter. We called the desk who sent maintenance who worked on the air conditioner for a little while and things seemed to get better. When we came back from Fenway that night, the room was very hot and the sofa bed didnt want to work, so we called downstairs and maintenance came up again. The room never got below 80 degrees that night. In the morning before we left for an afternoon game, I went to the desk to complain again. When we came back from the game, the room was slightly cooler. As the evening wore on, the temperature crept up above 80 degrees. So I went downstairs again. This time I spoke with the night manager who was genuinely concerned and who cut the price of our stay in half and offered me a free night if I could stay on. He also sent up fans which made that night more bearable. He had the only positive customer service attitude that I encountered among the desk staff. Having said all this, I would rather have paid the full price and gotten the room I had reserved. I had been looking forward to this weekend ever since 2009 when we spent the Fourth of July in your hotel, and the desk staff at check in came close to ruining it for me. Also  we never received any cookies.