I hosted a gathering of friends at this hotel for a long weekend. I must say that the entire experience was...trying. After being transferred from person to person in the convention department, the contract was "misinterpreted" and the GM had to get involved. The GM resolved the issue, but the woman who took over my group after that still struggled to execute what should have been an easy weekend. My guess is that this hotel is only set up for business travelers and had no idea what to do with a large group of people traveling with kids. I set aside the booking experience and expected to enjoy a typical Hyatt visit. As a platinum Hyatt guest, I expect a basic level of service. This hotel was disappointing. The rooms were small and worn, though the bed was comfortable. I stayed in a end-of-hall suite and it was unimpressive. The doorways were so small, a wheelchair could not fit in the room (I had visiting friends that needed access, and I didn't feel comfortable taking up a "handicap room"). The toiletries were nice, but housekeeping didn't bother to replinish them each day (even though they were empty). Actually, housekeeping didn't bother to do much cleaning at all. We had to call down and actually ask them to come clean the room 2 days into the trip. The food at the buffet breakfast was mediocre, but the service was good. The omlette bar and pancake bar were nice, because at least the food was hot and fresh (unlike the lukewarm bacon sitting in its own grease for several hours), but the choices for omlettes was limited (e.g. no spinach). Also the fresh fruit was no very good, considering the season (but that might be the Californian in me not realizing that the East coast has bad fruit...) The atmosphere in the diningroom was very nice, so that made the breakfast a plesant enough experience. The pool was decent for a city hotel. It was warm enough, without being too warm. It had a door that opened up to a roof-top patio, which was a nice place for the kids to get outside and run around. But, to get to the pool you had to follow a long maze involving a lot of stairs. I never did locate elevator access (thereby making it handicap inaccessible). Overall, I wasn't impressed with this hotel. My friends (who stayed there because of me) were VERY unimpressed. It seems that the only redeeming quality I found (decent service) was not present in there experience. My guess is that my platinum status + role as event coordinator put me on the staff's radar, which means a regular guest would have an even worse experience. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. I'll be back at the Omni Parkerhouse Hotel for my next Boston trip.