From beginning to end, our stay in this hotel was abysmal. I was here for a conference the last week in June, and didn't have a say on where to stay, and was concerned about the reviews I read, but was hoping it was better than others thought. The most negative of the reviews were right on!! The first night, the a/c in the room was non-existent, and the room would not cool off. We called several times, and they told us to radically lower the thermostat, which had no real effect. We then asked to have a fan sent up, which they did after some time. We then asked the next night to have a different room, which was somewhat better, but we luckily kept the fan, or it wouldn't have been usable. The minibar in both rooms was set up so that you couldn't use it to store other cold items without being charged $25.00; even Red Roof Inn have usable mini refrigerators in their rooms! The problems continued - the conference I attended ran out of coffee after 1/2 hour, and the hotel, claiming to take care of this, did nothing until the 2nd day, at which time they still provided inadequate coffee. The hotel staff, other than one young man, were surly and ineffectual. To top things off, in the new room my wife opened the nightstand and found that someone had left a sexual device there! I couldn't make this stuff up! The cleaning staff obviously didn't do their job. We returned the sexual device to the front desk, and didn't receive any formal apology about this. Then after the second night, the comforter that was on the bed was taken, and when the room was made up, the comforter was never returned! 7 phone calls later, on the 4th day we were there, they finally brought a comforter, but it was a full size (the bed was a King), and it was wet! We returned that. For our hassles, the hotel did provide us a free dinner, but the restaurant had horrible service on the terrace, and the young waitstaff acted as though they had never waited on any customer before. I should also mention that the rooms were small. The pool was not handicap accessible, there were two staircases of 10 stairs each leading down to it, in a very inaccessible spot. There were no soda or snack machines anywhere on any floor. They charged 50 cents a minute for computer access in their "business" center. Once people found that out, they didn't use it, and it was empty, although the hotel employed a person to sit there and provide service (mostly fielding angry comments about the cost). They charged $ per day for wireless internet access, which is incredibly cheap. On check out, there were hassles with the hotel charging me several Massachusetts taxes, even though I had documentation that because it was a Federally Funded Conference I should not be charged state lodging taxes. Other people at the convention I attended had the same problem. The quality control at this Hyatt is obviously very subpar.