The Good: 1. Gave us free toothpaste. 2. Room Size was decent for me and husband, ample counter space in bathroom 3. had a decent room view with good lighting 4. there was a jack for my ipod on the alarm clock The Bad 1. Cold, unplesant front desk. I knew I might have a problem checking in since my husband made the reservation and he wasn't with me yet. Policy is your name has to be on the reservation, ok fine I get that- but no need to be rude about it. The front desk girl literally threw her hands up in the air saying nothing she can do. Wow. I was also corrected when I asked where the "rooftop bar is" It is NOT a rooftop- it is a TERRACE ok.... 2. The hotel layout is confusing. You walk in and must go down about 8 steps with all your luggage (hard for a petite woman by herself) and nobody was there to assist. Then you go to one elevator to the lobby then to other guest elevators to get to your room. 3. The area isn't bad by the hotel, but it is not great either. I went for a walk and was turned off by the gobs of odd characters on the couple streets right next to hotel. Don't be fooled by the Mac and Macys next door - there is also this weird circus music playing which makes it feel more like a freak show. 4. This bothered me the most. All I wanted was a bottled water. We moved from a different hotel (just for change of scenery) called the Omni and they brough bottled room to your room everyday FOR FREE. Not the Hyatt. They don't have a vending machine either so your forced to buy their mini bar water for about 4 bucks each. Fine. We did but it make me SO mad. What happened to vending machines?! 5. I guess hotels are doing away with business centers since they charge people for wi-fi. The business center had 2 computers you need to pay to use. All in all I would not stay here ever again. I see much nicer areas very close by and it would be worth it to pay a little more. 6 At check in the girl asked why I blocked off a certain room. (I didn't but we booked through priceline so maybe they blocked it. Well I swear our room is next to a cleaning lounge- all day this room is soooo loud.