I'm a Bostonian, and I've had to find a hotel to live in while my home is being renovated. I needed a hotel I could stay in long term, so I stayed in a few different hotels until I found one that could make me feel comfortable, like home. This hotel had the worst service of all the Boston hotels I tried in that time period. The day I arrived, my companion and I were tired, so we decided to have a little bit to eat and some drinks in their restaurant, I can't remember the name, but it's the one by the lobby. The service was miserably sad. The hostess, who was holding menus, asked if we were here for dinner. I said yes. She told us to seat ourselves and never gave us menus. I thought she might follow behind us with menus, but they never came until we requested them. The service was incredibly slow even though the restaurant was mostly empty. It took us 20 minutes just to get water and we only received it after we asked for it. The drinks took nearly 30 minutes to arrive. I watched two people hold our meals and look around at tables for at least 10 minutes. They put the meals down, walked away, walked back, looked at tables, looked at the computer. I tried to make eye contact, and indicate that they were looking for my table, but it was useless. The food eventually made it to my table cold. I knew we couldn't expect to keep drinking at this place, and we were too tired to find someplace else on a Friday night, so I decided to go to the room, and invite a few friends over for drinks. I thought just one friend was coming, so I ordered 2 bottles of cava and 3 glasses. My friend called, and said she would bring her boyfriend, so I called room service back to see if I could add an additional glass to my order. I was told that it had not left yet, so the extra glass would be added. About 15 minutes later, my cava arrived with only 3 glasses. The person who brought it said that she would be right back because she forgot a wine bottle opener. I told her we don't need a wine bottle opener for cava, but that we had ordered 1 extra glass. She told me she would bring it right up. My friends arrived and started drinking. Over 20 minutes later, I still had no fourth glass. I called room service, who told me it would be there right away. 15 minutes later, I still had no glass. I called guest services, who told me they would send me a glass. 15 minutes later, there was no glass. I called the night manager, who told me they would send a glass. 15 minutes later, after an entire bottle was finished, a man knocked on my door, shoved a glass into my hand so quickly that I almost didn't catch it, and took off without a smile or even a glance in my direction. I called the night manager to say that it had arrived, but that I was entirely disappointed with the service this evening. The manager said that there was nothing she could do, but that she would have someone call me and apologize the next day. I never received any sort of apology for this horrible evening. The next morning, I had forgotten to put the privacy sign on the door, so when housekeeping came around and knocked, it was no surprise. We were already up and getting ready for brunch, so it was not an inconvenience. My companion answered the door and said that we were not quite ready to leave. The housekeeper rolled her eyes, and asked when we would be gone. I was shocked. It wasn't like we were staying over check out time, I had two more nights here. I started to wonder if we had been blacklisted for complaining the night before. After this, I decided to limit my use of the hotel services as much as possible. I ordered breakfast the next morning. It arrived, and I was setting it up, when the server returned to my room because he had given me a plate that belonged to another hotel guest. So I suppose he just exchanged the plates because my eggs were returned to me cold and overcooked. I just ate them because I came to realize that a request to correct a problem is of no use here. The next morning, I stuck to a continental breakfast, which arrived on time and warranted no complaints. As for other issues, I really dont think they are worth commenting on after all the service concerns, but Ill mention them quickly. The dcor was pleasant. The bedding was comfortable, but I found the pillows to be too tough. The comforter was shedding feathers, but they were very soft feathers. The restaurant menu was unappealing. In general, the food is named by the method of cooking and the protein. I would normally have cared that I was eating at a place with a menu that you might find at a truck stop, but I couldnt even care about that with the service issues. If I had even had mediocre service, or if management had made any effort to correct this horrible experience, I would have given them a higher rating, and I would have felt like I could recommend them to others. However, it was horrible to be committed to staying in this hotel, and I will never put myself in that situation again, and I certainly would never advise a friend to be stuck there.