My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Boston, on May 26th and May 27th. We have debated to title this review either: soooo not worth it OR The Nickel and Dime Hotel OR How to ruin a nice vacation. As the satisfaction level quickly began to fall, I began to repeat  Thats going into my report. Heres the report: Location: fair at best. Several blocks from historic landmarks. Price: Average nightly: $350+ per night. Please! Ive had better experiences at Motel 6. Much better. Oh, and they forget to tell you about the $41 per night parking fee for Valet parking and $31 a night if you park yourself. We noticed this and moved our car on the night of check-in. But apparently this didnt register so on check out we were charged the $41 dollars on top of the $31 dollars I already paid. I will say that when confronted on this, they removed the $41 charge. And dont believe the listed prices for room service. My $9 ice cream came out to $12+ tip. Speaking of room service: I ordered assorted pastries and muffins for breakfast. I got two muffins. I guess assorted means blueberry and bran. Want more nickel and dime? Careful not to open the mini bar fridge. Everything is bar coded, so if you take something out and put it back init registers on you bill as purchased. Want to save that ice cream you ordered, or chill a bottle of wine for later? Surebut there will be a $25 cleaning fee for storing things in the fridge. The front desk warned me to not bump up against the fridgecould cause charges to show up on your bill. Oh! And get this: one night we settled in to watch a movie. We surfed the choices: fairnot good, but fair. Then chose one. The price? $12.00. We watched Monk instead. Service: Very Poor. The Bell Man gave a curt and rapid review of the rooms features when we arrived. Bordered on fearful. On the first day, the toilet started to back up and almost overflow. I fiddled with it myself and got it going again. (How many stars is this hotel?) Finally I had to call for a plunger on our last day. They showed up 30+ minutes later. And the lay-out is just weird. You have to go up an elevator (no stairs as an option) to the 3rd floor for check in / lobby. These elevators are slow and one must wait for them for some time. Then you have to go up a different bank of elevators to get to your rooms. These elevators are even slower and you have to wait longer for them. There is usually a line. The music in the elevator is nice and loud. Kind of like being in a small psychedelic club with mirrors. Was there a complementary paper in the morning? Funny. No way. If I had stayed at some 2 star hotel? Probably, but not here. The pool? I found it one nightafter traveling through a maze of corridors. Its old, small, and stuffy. About 3-4 lanes. A lap pool. Our entire experience can be summed up: sub-par.