All I can say is thank goodness that my company paid for me to stay here because I would not pay to stay there. I arrived there with my partner after a nice relaxing stay in Provincetown. I was there for a business conference. We arrived around 1:30 and attempted to check in only to be told that the room would not be available until 3:00. We ran out for a late lunch since we had not eaten. the only positive was that the hotel was close to a number of stores and restaurants. We returned and attempted to check-in and this time I was told that check-in is not actually until 4:00. Note, before lunch, I left my name and cell number in the case they called with the room availability. Depite it not yet being 4, I was still able to check-in. We had left our bags with the concierge until the room was available. The bags were tagged with numbers and would be delivered to the room. On our way to our room, my cell phone rang. It was the front desk calling to let me know we could check-in after we had already checked in. We got up to the room and started to unwind. The room was so-so with a decent view. However, the bathroom really looked as if it hadn't been cleaned and the toilet would run a couple of times each hour. We jumped when the water in the shower started to run on its own -- and we thought the inn we stayed at in P-town was supposedly haunted. We waited for our bags. After about 30 minutes, I called down and was told that one of the bags was missing! The staff was looking and would bring them up as soon as the bag was found. After another wait I called down and was told that the bags were all found and were on their way. After more waiting, I called down and was told that one bag was still missing. I went down to the front desk and spoke to the concierge who was clearly embarassed by the situation. I had to bring what bags were found upstairs myself. That first evening, dinner was on the hotel. The food was so-so and the service a bit slow given there were only about 8 people in the whole restaurant. Finally after dinner, we were told that they thought they found the bag. Note, during dinner we could see another guest who obviously had a problem as well since the restaurant was off the lobby. Fortunately our bag was found and had been delivered to the wrong room or a "vacant" room. We were not the only ones, since we got a knock on our door from an employee in search of a bag different from ours. If I get sent there on business again, I'd definitely consider paying out of my own pocket to stay elsewhere.