We stay at Fairmonts frequently and chose to stay at The Fairmont Copley Plaza for a mini holiday weekend. The exterior and lobby of the building are beautiful. Built in 1912, the hotel retains its historic charm. It is in a perfect location for those exploring Boston. The front desk staff was warm and friendly at check-in. Being President's Club members, we were upgraded to the JFK Suite. Pictures of the Kennedy family graced the walls and books on their lives filled the bookshelves. This room would appeal to any history buff. The location of the room was also a plus; being a corner suite, it had windows facing Copley Plaza in the living room and bedroom, as well as window onto Dartmouth Street with a view of the Boston Library. The room was beautiful with a lovely entryway, living room and bedroom. I loved the marble fireplace and big, original windows. The bathroom however definitely needed updating. (E.g. The pipe leading ot the showerhead had tape on it to prevent leaking. It didn't work.) Also, the carpet looked like it needed a thorough cleaning but had not had one in years. Here's where the real trouble started... In the morning, we went down to the Oak Room for breakfast (part of our weekend package.) Although there was a buffet provided we were told by 3 people (waiter, host and woman at the front desk) that we could instead chose to order anything from the menu. We had 2 (mid-priced) breakfasts, coffee for me, juice for him and a side of berries. Everything was delicious and we checked out happy with a nice stay. A few days later however, we checked our credit card statement and saw $100+charge from the Fairmont on top of our room charge. The customer service rep we spoke with told us that we had a maximum of $70 to spend on breakfast and we went over. (Um, shouldn't there be a $30 charge on the bill then?!) We relayed the information we had received from 3 different people at the hotel and she took the charge off. There was a second erroneous charge on our bill as well! We were charged for items from the mini-bar. (Neither of us even touched the $7 water bottles on the desk nor did we see a mini-bar in the room!) Both errors were fixed, but only because WE caught in the error in the first place and spent 40 minutes on the phone with customer service. Ugh. The hotel is beautiful, but the erroneous credit card charges were ridiculous. I wouldn't stay here again.