Book into the Fairmont Copley Plaza at your own peril. As I have stayed at this hotel many times before, it saddens me to write this review. But after being so audaciously lied to by the manager, I have no choice. My son and I attempted the check in in the early afternoon. I knew it was early and fully expected to have to leave our bags with the bellman and come back later to get our room. Instead, we were told that the hotel was already fully booked for the evening and we were offered the alternative of the Fairmont on the Boston Harbor, several miles away. (Why they thought that would be acceptable to a party booking into Copley Square is beyond me and shows the compete ignorance of the management, but thats a side issue.) Ive been walked by hotels before. Its usually late at night when the hotel has filled up with new arrivals  which is no less pleasant, but at least understandable. As it was early afternoon I told the manager that I did not believe that they had not one single open room. She said they had none and that they expected only three more check-ins that day, all of whom would be walked. This was absurd  what hotel in a major city has only four check-ins a day? But heres the punch line. Another party arrived behind us. The manager shooed them over to a private part of the desk and checked them in! So much for no rooms at the inn! Lord knows how many others were checked in after we left  I bet at least a dozen. Why my prepaid reservation was not honored I do not know, but it was not because they had no available rooms. When the property manager lies so blatantly about a simple matter like being overbooked, it makes one wonder what other deceits are being made to paying guests. Bottom line  this was classy hotel in a great location. While its still in a great location, the most generous thing to be said about its management is that they lie to their patrons. Why, I do not know. Yes, after protest, they put us up at a hotel nearby and got our luggage and car there too. But I didnt pre-pay for a reservation at the Fairmont in order to be lied to and walked. Next time Ill just book into the lovely hotel they sent me to and forget about this once great Boston hotel. PS  The bellman was the only sympathetic soul in the house. He single handedly made sure that our bags and vehicle found their way to our new hotel.