This is a mixed review. I would recommend the hotel for its location, generally attentive staff, its ambiance, and a few other things. We traveled as a family while my husband attended a conference and I came with the baby. We arrived after a red eye, having paid for the day before ($300 night) to ensure the room was ready, which it was, including the crib. Nice. I had inquired if there was a refrigerator -- needed to just store a small bottle - and they put in a small refrigerator in the room (nice intentions) but there was already a mini bar fridge in the room, thus making it unnecessary, especially since it broke the second day. We were not able to get the Club level, which probably would have been great given the other reviews, and we had a fairly small room, especially since there were two refrigerators (again, thanks, but just the mini bar would have worked). The bed was comfortable and there was an iPod stereo which was nice. Okay, the negatives...room service. Because of the 14 month old, I had to order room service a few times and we had problems with both the quality of food and missing items (which were rectified). So, if you can avoid it, don't order room service. Also, it is an older facility and so the heating conditions vary. I had to open the window (and it was really cold) so the the room could become more climate, but this wasn't an ideal solution. The only other negative is that there wasn't always a doorman, which was difficult when I was returning alone to the hotel with a stroller, but there was always a lot of foot traffic so someone generally opened the doors for us. What I really liked about the hotel was the concierge, Jim, and his black lab, Catie, who is at the hotel during the day. They are fantastic (and you can buy a book which goes to charity). The staff always gave me good tips on shopping, as well as restaurants, which is so important. Also, the Oak Room is an old style bar which is nice to enjoy a drink (sans enfants). The other positive is that the hotel is close to a Hertz and it is near the highway ramp going to New York, where we went after being in Boston. The only other tip is that if you join their club you can avoid the daily $15 internet access charges. All in all, the Fairmont is a good hotel, and probably great if your room is large and well situated and you don't have to order room service.