While the Fairmont is a lovely hotel in terms of the excellent location, the lobby and room decor, beware if you end up in a "Moderate Room". This review is written for those who book the Fairmont Copley Plaza through a 3rd party vendor such as Expedia or travel agency, use credit card points, or end up there due to a bid on Priceline, like I did. If you check the hotel's website, you will see they offer more guest room classes than most hotels. I don't think the Moderate Room is even offered if you call Fairmont reservations directly, it is reserved for people who book through the sources I mentioned above. While the Moderate Room itself is decorated fine, a bit small (beware - queen bed only, no choice of a king or double beds), and the bathroom cramped, it would be bearable if it were not for the HORRIBLE SMELL. We were on the 1st floor (the hotel only has 6 floors) and there was a strong stench of sewer plus the smoke from adjacent smoking rooms permeate our non-smoking room. They actually have smoking and non-smoking rooms in the same hallway. It was not a pleasant night of sleep and we had a young child who smelled like a cigarette in the morning. The housekeeping staff even told my husband this was the worst wing of the hotel and we should have them move us. They were fully booked the 1st night, but upon request on the second night we were moved to a "Fairmont Room" with a king bed on a floor with no smells. I am sure that many guests complain about these "Moderate Rooms" and the hotel staff is used to moving guests to better rooms if available. What I find disappointing is a four star hotel such as the Fairmont even offers such rooms, albeit at a discount, to unsuspecting guests. These are second tiers rooms that are probably not even worth the discounted rate paid by guests. This experience has really turned me off of using Priceline and staying at any Fairmont properties. One other point, it was mentioned to me on more than once occasion by hotel staff that I used Priceline, why should they care, I am a paying guest.