We are used to traveling all over the world and we always choose the finest hotels in the center of the cities. We came to Boston this year to attend our daughters ceremony of graduation from Harvard Business School. We had reserved two rooms in January 2007, via our local travel agency in France Carlson Wagonlit. We had the following booking: from the 6th of June until the 10th of June 2007 (4 nights) for 1216 per room without breakfast. It was specified on the booking that we wanted a non-smoking room. Choice of hotel During our previous stays in Boston, we were at the OMNI PARKER HOUSE. Having seen the beautiful entrance of the FAIRMONT hotel, we wanted to try it for our next stop in Boston. We booked the rooms as soon as we had the exact schedule for the graduation ceremony. The rooms Our local travel agency, Carlson Wagonlit had sent a confirmation email before we arrived and specified again that we wanted a VIP non-smoking room. 1/ At our arrival, we were surprised to be offered rooms in the second floor that were so strongly smelling cigarettes that we needed to ask to change rooms. 2/ We went back to the reception to ask for them and were offered new rooms on the 4th floor with an additional $70 per night !!!!! 3/ We naturally refused this arrangement and were finally offered two new rooms on the 3d floor. The rooms windows were facing the interior of the hotel, while we specifically had asked for room facing the street in our booking! And the rooms were not side by side. Inside the rooms There was no plug for the ironer (we miraculously found one lost under the bed). No plug to fit European wires for our mobile phone (we had to ask the front desk to bring us adaptor). In one of the rooms, there was no armchair but only one chair in front of the desk. The carpet was stained (as in the corridor). In the bathrooms Having the restrooms inside the bathroom is very unusual for premium hotels and very uncomfortable. There was only one small sink. The bath was in very bad shape. The toilet flush was making noise for a few minutes after flushing!!!! The overall aspect of the bathroom was old and rusty. The noise We have been awaken at 6am two days in a row by water noises coming from outside rooms. The same noise occurred again at night. There must be a bad system of water plumbing overall. Service We asked for slippers for the bathroom and were simply told that there is none! The Business Center is supposed to offer internet access but was out of order. We had to ask for a computer to be brought in the room and wait for someone to bring it and plug it. The service has been charged 40$! Housekeeping is not well done: there are still old tissues on the corridors, meal plates from breakfast in other rooms for a long time, glasses on the floor etc. We consider that the high price for the room is not aligned with the bad quality of the experience.