Well, I certainly had high hopes when I saw the lobby of the hotel - it was absolutely stunning upon arrival. Unfortunately the lobby (and the hotel's location) were the only things I can rave about. For $475 night, I expected a clean, non-smoking room....nothing extravagent, considering the Boston prices are so high...what I found upon arrival was pet hair on the chair / bed, and smoke wafting in through the vents of my room. The bathroom was exceptionally small (to the point where you couldn't really have any items on the sink, and it's tiny size could truly only accomodate one person). The shower was old and moldy...tile cracked in the bathroom...clearly not my idea of a "recent renovation". I'd comment on the view, but there was none. After a call to the front desk, we were upgraded to the "Club-level" which meant a slightly larger bathroom, and a larger room. As the bell-man let us into the room, we discovered 8 pillows lying in the middle of the room. Was there a party going on prior to our arrival? The room was very dusty, and clearly hadn't been used in a while. There was still smoke drifting in through the vents, but not as bad. The Club level breakfast is quite lame...a few muffins and bagels and fruit. Honestly, the setting was nice, but the food was not noteworthy. Upon leaving I was told I couldn't have a receipt for my room (as it was paid for on my Corporate Expedia account). I have never had that experience before - they are always more than happy to print off a receipt for me. Now that I am home, I just recently opened my Visa bill, and gues what - another separate charge of $385 in addition to my Expedia bill. I am curious to see how long it will take them to straighten that out. Perhaps my visit was just a fluke, but be warned that the hotel is old, old, old, the rooms are not charming and have no view, and the bathrooms are the worst I've ever stayed in...if you must be in this part of Boston, do yourself a favor and stay at the Westin. It's by no means extravagant, but it's better than the Fairmont.