Wife and I booked this hotel in connection with the "American Beauty Show" being held at McCormick Place. We received a good rate at $99 and it appeared to be located in a very convenient location to other activities in the city. My wife has a very serious food allergy and requires an in-room micro and fridge to prepare all meals. When I called to book this room I was connected to reservations and was told this room would have these amenities (leading me to believe that all rooms there had the same as a standard item). Since this was such a necessary item for our stay I called a second time, a day before the reservation, to confirm and once again was told there would definitely be a micro/fridge located in our room. (No need for a specialrequest) After driving four hours to arrive, we checked in and discovered no micro / no fridge. We called the desk and was told there were none available (even at a charge). We were offered an option to possibly work out a solution the following day ...but this was no help as we had to prepare and store meals beginning that evening. In their defense the offered to store her food in a fridge at the desk but her allergy is so severe that it is risky not to isolate her items. Initially they had mentioned a suite option (which had micro/fridge) but was told this would come at the increased price. I told them I would accept this solution but after checking was told it would not be available for my length of stay. After an hour conversation with someone from Hampton Inn guest services (1-800) we were left with no alternative but to check out and return home. There were no other alternatives offered by the Hampton Inn personnel. We had to make the four hour return home that night, missing the 3 day conference (pre-paid). My wife also lost pay for the 3 day conference which she was to receive. Guess that $99 special rate at Hampton Inn was not so good afer all. My main complaint here is that first of all ..when booking or checking a reservation at this location you are transferred to a general reservations person that apparently has erroneous information about this property since I spoke to different personnel each time I called and was given the same information. Also, I was never offered an alternative hotel, something I later thought about and wondered why this was never offered. Although not familiar with downtown Chicago they could have offered to help relocate us ..I would have thought anyway. A complaint has been filed in my behalf with Hampton/Hilton but as of yet no comment from their manangement staff. If this is an example of Hampton/Hilton customer service, I will most definitely look elsewhere in the future.