My stay at this hotel started with great promise. The checkin was extremely friendly, the location is better than I expected for the price. And, if the room were hygenic - it would have been a good value, with the free breakfast and all. Unfortunately, the entryway and bathroom are done in white tile. And it looked like they hadn't mopped in weeks. I called down that morning to ask them to mop the floor. Okay - perhaps a maid made a mistake, and the last folks in the room were messy. That would be forgivable. At that point, I would have been happy with a cleaned floor. Came back after an afternoon of museum-going and shopping - and the floor looked exactly the same. I called the manager, who said "We've got new floor tiles - I've got 3 complaints about this so far today. It's part of the tile pattern, it's not dirty." (Do most people buy white tile that LOOKS dirty? Or skillfully installs so that bootprints line up on multiple tiles?) I asked her to come up. She wiped her dry finger against some of the stains, and pointed out that no dirt was on her finger - and that was "proof" to her. They told me that they'd try to mop it again - even though they kept saying that the floor was not filthy-dirty. I waited for a half hour, just to see what they did when they mopped the floor - but I had to leave. I never saw the maid again. She may have come when I was away - I don't know. But the floor looked the same when I returned. My first call to Hilton to complain was met with a telephone operator who insisted that, if the manager wouldn't help me, there's nothing she could do, and refused to register my complaint. I called the special "Silver member" line (which I am), who at least took my complaint seriously - but would not offer anything other than to email management. I really didn't feel like I could take a shower in the morning and touch that tile floor. So much for my weekend trip. I cut my weekend trip short and drove home that night. The funny thing? This was a "rewards" stay. Intended as a special gift for loyal frequent business clients. This is a reward that I would rather not have had.