We had a couple of issues with this hotel during our stay. Check-In: There was considerable waiting to check the car with the valet, to check the bags with the bellhop, and to check in at the front desk (only to find our room was not ready). Because there appeared to be many others in the lobby also waiting for their rooms, we decided to leave and return later. Unfortunately, the valet had already moved our car and were backed up with other requests. So, we ended up walking. One plus is that the hotel is conveniently located within the heart of the city, and makes for an easy walk to many locations. However, we were traveling with someone who has physical limitations; therefore, easy access to our vehicle would have been more ideal. Room: The room was smaller than I imagined when looking at hotel photos. Though amenities are offered, not all were stocked. There are no in-room safes and a waiting list for safe deposit boxes, which are located behind the front desk. Our room was only visited by housekeeping once out of the three nights there. There is a coffee maker with coffee in the room. No sugar or cream was provided though. And even though we were subject to additional guest fees (because there were three of us), no additional towels, cups, etc. to accomodate a third person were supplied. Check-out: You are given the option to review a bill that is slipped under your door the morning of check-out, and if everything is acceptable, you can call a number to have the charges applied to the credit card used to reserve your room. Even though I opted for this Express Check-Out, we ran into another problem once we reached the valet. We called the valet twenty minutes before leaving. Even so, we were forced to wait another ten minutes once downstairs, b/c someone had forgotten our request. When the attendant pulled up with our car, he did not give the key back. He, instead, ran inside the hotel for a moment, then presented another member of my family with a second hotel bill and asked him to sign the authorization. I took the bill and noticed an additional $200 in charges. Even though I had booked & already paid the Valet & Room Package - offered directly through the hotel - I was now being charged duplicate valet fees. I was forced to return to the front desk with the valet attendant and wait behind others, only to have the clerk reiterate to the attendant that I had already paid for both the room and valet on my original bill. Nonetheless, both charges were preauthorized on my card, and I only found out later that the additional funds were unavailable to me until all of the hotel charges were processed properly (which took several days). Furthermore, I wonder how many other guests signed a second slip presented to them, without realizing they were being overcharged. Needless to say, Express Checkout was not a huge success either!