The motto du jour of presumably the entire Garden Inn chain is "100% problem free". If only that were true! We were initially assigned a fully accessible room, although neither of us requires nor requested such an accomodation. For those not in the know, full accessibility features a cavernous washroom with double-wide door, an extra-tall toilet, has a curtained-off alcove lined with rungs of handrails in lieue of a bathtub, and displays an inconveniently-placed showerhead (think YMCA). This was, in fact, a "problem" for my soak-craving partner, so we immediately called to request a new room. In exchanging the keys we were relieved of our two coupons for free bottles of water from the ill-stocked and un-manned pantry beside the front desk. Upon arrival one floor up we noted that, contrary to our registration profile, we were directly between the elevators and the ice machine, and that this new room was also accessible (although not to the degree that the previous one had been). Tired from our flight, we endured the almost constant traffic outside our door and within the wall at the head of our bed where the elevators whirred and hummed until the next morning. We also had to unplug the noisy (and empty) bar fridge, which commenced emitting a sour smell. A second call to the front desk generated assurances that the bellboy would be up momentarily with keys to a third room. After 15 minutes a third call prompted the receptionist to inform us she would be delivering them personally. As we waited in the hall outside our room with all our baggage for a further 10 minutes we had to let ourselves back in to answer a call telling us they were now actually really truly on their way. Meeting us by the elevators we were assured that we had been moved to a corner room on the second-to-highest floor, far from the elevators and stairwells. It was, in fact, not a corner room, and was also directly across the hall from a stairwell. It did, however, have a normal bathroom and a better view. Over our short stay I noted that housekeeping did not thouroughly clean the tub and toilet, nor did they fully replenish the amenities on more than one occasion. The bedside table contained not only the requisite bible, but also a discarded porn magazine! Most troubling, though, was that this hotel does not offer room service, opting instead to rely on the services of third-party restaurants in the neighbourhood that close early, open late and specialize only in steak and pasta. As such, we requested cutlery and plates from the front desk to eat our carry-out of Indian food, but they simply never arrived... I wish we hadn't either.