We had booked to stay seven nights for a vacation in Chicago. Having saved on the the flights we decided to upgrade our hotel to the Omni. On arrival we were allocated room 516. This has to be the worst room in the hotel. There is a sundeck on floor 5 meaning directly outside our windows people were walking by all day - absolutely no privacy. Then the gym is directly next door to the room and is noisy. Add to that the wireless internet didn't work. And finally the hotels own music starts playing outside the hotel at 5am and you can clearly hear it in the room. Why would a hotel who has guests staying for seven nights put them in such a bad room? Of course we were going to complain - they must have known that? So guess what I am now telling the world to avoid the 5th floor at this hotel at all costs. The next morning we did complain about the room. The receptionist said she could do nothing about it until we had spoken to the manager. Whilst they offered to phone us we felt it would be too easy for them to reject our request for a move over the phone. After waiting an hour in the lobby we approached the desk again. This time the other receptionist said that she could authorise the request to move. Why the first receptionist hadn't asked the second is anyone's guess? It's a great example how one poor or poorly trained member of staff can affect the reputation of the entire hotel. When we were moved (to the 20th floor) the room was fine. On departure there was an item on the bill from the room bar that we hadn't used. This was removed without fuss but shouldn't have been on the bill in the first place. Also on checkout the receptionist on duty mentioned that if we joined the loyalty program we could get our internet for free. Since one of the reasons for wanting to move rooms was the Internet why had none of the other staff mentioned this. We signed up and the charge was credited to our account. Marco, I'm not sure what you do in your hour long stand up meetings each day? But it doesn't seem to be providing consistent and good customer service at the front desk. There were just too many errors on the customer service side to recommend this hotel.