I picked this hotel solely based on the positive reviews on TA - excellent service, extra perks, friendly people, minimal problems etc. Unfortunately that was not so for my boyfriend & I. We planned & prepaid this trip 6-7 months ago, but it was years in the making. This was the 20th anniversary of my return to Chicago. I was moved away from my beloved home town at the age of 12 & was now returning for the 1st time in 20 years to celebrate my 32nd birthday. When we prepaid 6-7 months ago, I made sure to call the hotel directly to let them know that I was a Select Guest member, I had a voucher for a free room upgrade, & that this was a special occassion. I called 1 month prior & 1 week prior to arrival to confirm everything & I was assured that everything was set as well as me receiving a room upgrade. The plan was to have a corner room with views & possibly have a special in room dinner to enjoy the views. On our day of arrival, we had 4 bags & no one offered to help us. We had to haul everything into the hotel ourselves. We stood in the lobby w/ all our luggage for awhile waiting to check in only to be told check-in was on the 3rd floor - still no offer to help w/our bags. We get to check in & I gave the woman our room upgrade voucher & explained that we were Select Guest members & she said the hotel was sold out & could not upgrade us but assured us that we had an excellent room. As a Select Guest member, I had requested a room away from the elevator on a high floor. We get to our room & not only are we the closest room to the elevator, our room is right next to the ice machine room. The constant sound of people getting ice as early as 6am & as late as 2am was loud & annoying & right behind our heads as we tried to sleep. On our 2nd morning day there, I noticed we were still not recieving our morning beverages or newspaper. I called down to the front desk & a very rude man explained that I should have gotten vouchers for that service at check in & that there was nothing he could for us that morning. We had to wait until the following morning to receive what I had already prearranged. There were also a few times I called down to the front desk to cancel turn down service, get messages, etc only to be left on hold for 10 minutes & no one ever came back on the line. I guess I'll never know what messages I had. Since I wasnt able to get in touch w/ anyone to cancel the turndown service, I let housekeeping know when they arrived that it wouldnt be necessary for that evening only for them to return 3 more times & interrupt our evening. Suffice to stay, this hotel was very frustrating. The only positive about the hotel is that we were able to get a late check out, which I believe was the least they could do. Fortunately every aspect of our trip was excellent - everything we had preplanned/prepaid for went accordingly. Chicago is a fun city & we will be making this an annual trip. Unfortunately, I dont think the Omni will be any part of those. Compared to the other reviews here on TA, I feel like we were treated as though we were a nuisance than as guests. There are tons of hotels in this area of Chicago so I'm sure it won't be a problem. Plus with that huge construction site that is just starting next door, I doubt this will be a peaceful place to come back to relax to. We give our trip 5 stars, but our stay at the Omni 2 stars. We never did do our special in-room dinner since we did not receieve the room we requested. We had high expectations & were very much looking forward to staying here, but this not only left us disappointed, but I personally felt very very sad as well.