I'm surprised to see all the comments about great service. We received poor service immediately starting with check -in. We booked a corner room on hotels.com and were charged $50 extra for the room than a standard suite, but upon arrival we were told there was no way we had booked that room through a third party. We were forced to produce a receipt that said corner room and had to argue for several minutes. Then we were told, "well, sorry we don't have any of those available right now." After more arguing, suddenly one was available, but only in a smoking when we had requested non. Walking through the hotel later, it became very apparent that there were several non-smoking corner rooms available. We were only staying for one night, so future bookings shouldn't have been an issue. Second, after getting up to our room, we realized that the bellman had not gotten all of our bags from the taxi or they had not made it to our room. After many, many conversations with the security team, we were allowed to watch security footage of the bags entering the hotel. The missing bag was not on the cart. All they had to say was as you can see it did not enter the hotel so we have no way of finding and returning your bag. I told them it was their responsibility whether it entered or not because their bellman had told us to go ahead and check-in while he made sure our bags arrived safely, which they didn't. When we left, there was no apology, just a comment about trying to get a hold of the taxi company, but that we should be working on it from our end as well. On top of that, the rooms are hideously decorated in a very 80's style. I had called ahead to ask about the decor because hotels.com showed 2 different styles online (the pics and virtual tour did not match). I was assured it was not the style it ended up being. The horrid coffee table was hard to avoid running into and had very sharp corners that did damage to both mine and my fiance's legs. The view was alright,but not spectacular. What I really find unbelievable in a supposed 5 star hotel is that there was feces on the side of the toilet! Pretty much would never stay there again! We originally picked this hotel because of location, size, and we have enjoyed their restaurant 676 for lunch in the past. There are many hotels with the same location and price, they may be smaller, but the decor makes them better. We will return for lunch,but staying at the hotel is no longer an option.