Reserved this hotel thru Travelocity, and specifically for 2 adults and 2 children. Received the confirmation for 4 persons in the room, but room type wasn't specified, so called the hotel directly the next morning to make sure that we were in a room w/ pull-out sleeper sofa for the kids. Was told that would not be a problem. Arrived at hotel, and front desk told us they were full, and we would have a room w/ 2 chairs in it, and no sofa sleeper. Reminded the staff that I had called to verify the room type, and had two children who needed a place to sleep, but was repeatedly told "we are full". I ultimately insisted on the children having a place to sleep, so they said we could have 2 rollaway beds. The living room was so small these didn't really fit, and we had to choreograph the room quite creatively to get them in. For a 4-night stay this was tough! (I read in their hotel manual in the room that only one rollaway bed is allowed in the room, so this was technically against their own fire regulations!) Also, I kept checking on changing room to one w/ sleeper sofa (as I had been promised, and based on reservation w/ 4 persons). Each of 4 staff members at front desk always said, "I'm sorry-we are full" with no other assistance. Housekeeping was forgotten on one day, and after calling and was told they would be "right up", hadn't arrived an hour later, so went down to front desk to complain. They sent up housekeeping after another half-hour. Of note is that even though hotel says that the construction next door is mostly complete (the demolition), it was still VERY loud on our side of the hotel, as workers arrived with jackhammers early in the mornings on week days. Also, no night-time turn down service two nights as was described. Valet service was friendly, but expensive at $50/night. Swimming pool is small, and hot-tub is only for 3 people. Very small area around pool for families to sit (only large enough for maybe 2-3 families) Location is great, but there are plenty of other hotels in the immediate area with much better service.