My family stayed at the Omni hotel after hearing several positive reviews from other people who have stayed there. Despite renovations, the hotel is still in need of updating. We were placed in connecting rooms on the 12th floor. The toilet in one of the bathrooms flooded the floor every time we flushed. The service response was immediate, but the fix did not work and we had to call again. The Michigan Avenue traffic was extremely loud and nobody in my family slept the first night. They did move us to the 22nd floor which was much quieter. The doors are in need of replacement and do not have silencers which keep them from slamming. The doors were scratched and the hallway walls were damaged in many places. You have to take two elevators to get to the ground level, which some might find inconvenient. In response to our first night, they did provide us with a $50 breakfast voucher. We were supposed to have received care packages for each child, but they did not supply those when we checked in. We had to call down to the desk and have them sent up. The second day, after being away all day, we came back to rooms that had not been cleaned. We had to call around 4:00 and have the maid come up and clean. This was incredibly inconvenient, given we were traveling with three children and wanted the late afternoon to relax before we went to dinner. The air conditioning was freezing and unless you had it set on a low temperature, the humidity never escaped from the bathrooms which have no exhaust systems. The sliding doors to both bathrooms were broken, the mirror in one bathroom was rusted, and the coffee-maker was broken. The maids did not always replace the coffee. There was mold present in many places, including the bathtub and around the windows. There was rust around the pool. The picture of the pool online was nice, but it's actually representative of a high school gym from the 1970's. It was aluminum! The pool water was too hot (we heard several guests complaining) and the jacuzzi water was either scorching hot or freezing cold. The Concierge was never available when we called, although if we left a message they did return the call. The one time they did answer, they were not helpful. The service and experience was inconsistent all around. The only positive thing we remember was the Bell Captain. He was exceptional and great with our kids. However, we will not stay there again.