My experience at the Palmer House Hilton was terrible. Although I was there for a conference, my family was with me. The room was small and offered only two double beds. The bathroom was tiny, not even offering the rounded shower curtain rod to help the shower feel larger. For the conference, which was suppose to be a team building experience, the set up had the participants sitting classroom style, instead of with round tables, which would have made it more conducive for conversations with colleagues. For the conference luncheon we were jammed in a hallway with 8 people rounds, but they were set for 10 place settings. The wait staff were rude and rushed us out of there. As for my room, the air conditioner was not working properly. Upon returning to my room with my family one late evening, I found it was warm and stuffy. I called the front desk to see if there was a maintenance man available at this late hour (12:40am). She said yes and assured me he would be right up. I clearly asked, "He will be up right away? If not, we can do this in the morning. It is late and I have children I would like to get to bed." She said yes. By 1:10am, I called back down and cancelled the maintenance man, stating it was too late and we could handle this in the morning. The front desk lady told me she could send up a fan, however I declined again stating it was too late. At 1:25am, the maintenance man came to our door - even after canceling the call. I begrudgingly let him in. He bumped the air controller down to 65, bent a couple of vent slats downward with a screwdriver, and claimed the fan was not on but it should be fixed now. The room continued to feel warm even with the air set at 65 for the 2 days my family and I stayed. Our final night here, I returned from a baseball game and went to the lobby bar/restaurant for a late meal. The bartender stated the kitchen was open until midnight, so I still had about half an hour. I contacted a server, and stated that I wanted to order food to take back up to my room. He told me to go up to the room and call down the order and it would be brought up to me. I explained that my employer would not reimburse extra fees, and that I just wanted to order a sandwich and bring it up. He again stated to order from the room and there would be no extra charges. I went back upstairs to my room and called down. The person taking the order now stated that there would be a 18% gratuity, a 3% service fee, and a $2.00 delivery charge on the order!!! I went back downstairs with the in room menu that also stated these charges and showed it to the server. He did not really say much, but acknowledged the charges. When I tried again to order, he said he would have to check to see if the cook was still available. It was now 11:50pm. He and another server came out and said that food was no longer available for the night. With the exception of the maid service staff and the doormen, every other employee made me feel like I was burdening them with my questions and that they did not have time to assist me. My family and I will never return to the Palmer House Hilton. We stayed at the Marriott Renaissance Downtown for the remainder of our trip, for less, and had a fabuous time! They offer larger rooms, two QUEEN beds, hospitable staff, and an overall much better experience for downtown Chicago.