Although I have stayed at Palmer House before and have had a nice stay, out of town friends that my family was hosting, recently had an experience that is worth sharing. This is the first time I have awarded a hotel 1-star in one of my reviews and I don't mean to suggest that this is a one-star hotel but rather that we had a terrible experience. I always have read one-star TA reviews with a bit of skepticism that the reviewers were just malcontents, I hope this is not taken the same way. Friends from Chile were traveling to the U.S. and booked a room a month in advance at the Palmer House for their Chicago leg. Their credit card was charged for the room. Three days before they were to arrive in Chicago from Wisconsin, our friends received an e-mail that the hotel was not able to verify the foreign address on their credit card and therefore canceled the reservation three days before their arrival. This although the credit card had already been charged for the room. We called the hotel to straighten out the problem but were told there were no rooms available now and that they were unable to do anything about it except refund the amount already charged. The only room our friends could find in downtown Chicago on three days notice was a run-down Travel Lodge -- a far cry from a hotel like the Palmer House. There were so many better ways for the Palmer House to handle the situation and they should be ashamed for their complete lack of customer service. As a Chicagoan, I am embarrassed as this reflects poorly on the city (country?) as a whole to a foreign visitor. Shame on Palmer House for not taking responsibility! As a side note, I looked through other TA reviews of the hotel for similar problems and noticed that although there were numerous one- and two-star reviews, there was no response from management on any that I saw (perhaps there are responses to some I did not read?). On the other hand, for a number of the five-star reviews, Palmer House management responded, thanking the reviewers for their comments. As manager of a large hotel, wouldn't you be more interested in addressing poor experiences guests have had rather than thanking happy guests? I guess not.