I stayed at this hotel with a group of friends. We actually stayed in one room (the 6 of us) because we were trying to save money. We got a decent price on the hotel through some connections of friends of friends but we weren't really impressed with the decor, amenities, and other things that were in the room. The second night was interesting since we got up early to be one of the few to get into the pool and hot tub area. The pool was suppose to be heated (it wasn't as heated in the morning as it should be) and we had to call a member of the staff to warm up the hot tub since it wasn't even luke warm. Considering a hotel of that size (over 100 rooms) only had ONE pool and ONE hot tub with a maximum of amount of people allowed in the pool and hot tub area at a time you would think they would have more than just one of each kind of amenity. Also there wasn't any one to enforce the rule of 8 people at a time in the hot tub. At one point there was 10-12 people in it. The staff was friendly enough but not extremely great. We had to ask for extra bedding to accomodate the people that were going to be sleeping on the floor. We thought we were going to get a room that was going to be big enough to accomodate everyone like a suite that offered a couch of some sort. But it was a standard two "double" sized beds. The room itself was equipped with two closets and two bathrooms which was nice to have. It would have been nice to actually have been shown the room before checking in. We waited awhile in line when checking in at 6 pm. I actually work for a hotel but not of this calibur so I can understand the reason for waiting that long. We got lost a few times but eventually found our way to the hotel and to the self parking that was cheaper than getting the valet parking. The hotel didn't have many resurants near them or any information on what to find around the area. But not having free internet in the room was kind of disappointing. The trip itself was fun since I was with friends but we pretty much went with the flow. Definately ask for one of the more renavated rooms if you expect a more positive stay. Over all I am honestly not impressed. The decor in the lobby should reflect something of what the rooms look like. Every hotel is judged by what the first impressions of the potential guests get when entering the lobby. The lobby was gorgeous and everyone in my group was expecting a nice spacious room that we could be comfortable in...but I guess we will have to try some other place next year.