I would like to start off with the positive, the doorman & staff were beyond exceptional. Top Notch. The Lobby is truly beautiful. A Chicago Landmark. I live in Chicago & was excited to stay at the Palmer House for my birthday & I love Hilton Hotels. I booked a King from AA vacations with my miles stating that I only wanted a King or Queen. At check in we were told our room was a double. 2 people in a double..Ouch. Well, I'm pretty easy going, gladly took my key & went to my room. So sad, the bed was so tiny and the room was the size of a closet size coffin with the bleak view of a inner courtyard. I have stayed in Hiltons across the world & really love the touches they add to their rooms. However, this was not the case at the Palmer House. Honestly, I would say you could do better at the Holiday Inn. Not only was the room tiny, we could hear our neighbors discussion about how their dresses didn't fit & people in the hall casually walking by. It felt like the walls were paper thin & we were sleeping in the hallway. Besides that the heating system was as loud as a small helicopter. I'm all for vintage charm( my house is over 100 yrs old) & truly not a high maintenance person but this was really crappy. We went to an art exhibit down the street, hoping when we got back, somehow are room would grow on us. It didn't, it was throughly depressing. We checked out, after 2 hours. The front desk was surprised and offered us another room with 2 Double beds. We declined. It was a nice suggestion but really, the idea of sleeping ala Lucy & Desi was not appealing. Let it be known..2 People really don't fit on a double bed..2 double beds really doesn't solve the problem for a couple. We left & chalked this up to a bad weekend. Went home, had pizza & slept in our own queen size bed. The bad part about all this is A) I will never have another 40th bday. B) Iost about 11,000 miles on a room I didn't want or stay in. C) No apology from management or staff. That's downright crappy. Thanks Potter Palmer.