My husband was surprising me with a romantic evening at this hotel for Valentine's Day. I left work to meet him there. A very helpful gentleman tried calling his room, but there was no answer. I then had to go all the way back downstairs and outside to try and use my cell phone, reached my husband to find out that he had stepped out to get me a special gift. He gave me the room number and said to get a key from the front desk or meet him up at the room. Unfortunately, the nice, polite and respectful gentleman who had previously been assisting me was assisting another customer, so another agent named Suri called me over to see what she could help me with. She explained that I could not have a key to the room as that was the hotel policy, which I was fine with. I was not trying to change anyone's policy. So I politely asked how to get to the room number my husband had given me. She said that she would not give me that information. That I would just have to wait standing there in the lobby until my husband was able to come "pick me up". She then called the next customer, so I guess she had had enough of trying to assist me. To be honest the entire exchange with her was terrible and not to the standards that I would hold a hotel with such a great reputation as The Palmer House.I walked over to stand out of the way. Very hurt and upset for being treated so rudely, once my husband arrived and found me standing there visibly upset he wanted to know what could have happened. So I explained the whole story. He was so livid that I had been treated so badly that he walked straight over and asked for the manager. So after a few minutes the manager emerged and stated that she had already been informed by Suri exactly what had happened. After another very rude and disappointing conversation with the manager my husband and I went to our room, but as we entered the room we decided that spending our Valentine's Day evening at a hotel that really didn't care whether or not their patrons were happy or treated respectfully we would just go elsewhere. My husband went back downstairs got a refund and we drove to The Allerton on Michigan Avenue. Now that hotel knows how to hire competent and respectful staff. Long story short, The Palmer House experience was terribly disappointing and I would never recommend it to anyone I know.