Chicago is Number 5 in bed bug problems and I personally found out why. On August 4, 2010 I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for one night after seeing the play "Billy Elliott". I stayed in Room 13-120. I went to bed ~ 11 PM and when I woke up at 6 AM that morning, I was surprised to find my upper torso and my left arm and hand covered in bites. Since I live within 40 miles of the Hilton, I went to my doctor to check the bites. Imagine my surprise when I was told they were bed bug bites! I contacted the hotel so they could immediately have the room exterminated and I was put through "hotel hell". After over 35 minutes, I was told I must speak to security and file an incident report. I spoke to Lucien Muntean, head of security, and he assured me the room would be vacated and an exterminator would immediately check out the room. I emailed Lucien several days later to ask what the exterminator discovered and never heard back from him. 2 weeks later, another head of security, Ishawa Stephens, returned my email and said he would file my incident report. When I asked him what the exterminator report stated, he said it wasn't done until August 14th, and "no bed bug activity was observed"! Ishawa could not explain to me why it took 10 days to have an exterminator check out the room and he apologized for the poor follow-through by Hilton. He knew by the photos I sent him that I definitely had numerous bites all over me. He said he would file the incident report with the Hilton management and I would hear back from them within 3-4 days. That was on Sept. 2, 2010 and I still have not had any follow-through from either Ishawa or Hilton management. I have been put through the discomfort of severe itching , as well as the worry that I could infect my own home with bed bugs traveling back home with me from the Hilton. Needless to say, I have had many a sleepless night over that! It's a shame the Hilton cares little about their guests. It really is a great hotel location and the room was beautiful, but the bed bugs and management mis-treatment is difficult to overlook.