After Christmas we visited The Palmer House to show our guests the newly renovated lobby area with art work on ceiling to have drinks and appetizer. In the Palmer House's lobby The Lockwood Restaurant & Bar was not overly crowded, service was very slow and unfriendly! We decided not to have another round of drinks as our waiter had disappeared, which he did after taking our order and after serving with his grouchy attitude. Few days after returning home was checking my online billing of our trip charges, alarmingly noticed the charged amount from Lockwood Rest. & Bar was higher amount than our receipt (we always keep our receipts). Come to find out our grouchy waiter decided to give himself more tip money$! Immediately called the management of Lockwood, whom promised to refund the fraudulent charge and take care of the problem with waiter. After 2+ weeks no credit appeared on our charge and the waiter was still working at Lockwood (was this first time this long time employed waiter has increased a customer's bill?$!), we called General Mgr of Palmer House. He advised it was not common practice for their waiters to increase their customers' bill he would pass problem down to his middle management, whom promised a refund. 2 more weeks, guess what, no credit of fraudulent charge$! If you are a Hilton Honors member or not, you can call Hilton customer service number and ask for Corporate Guest Services, who will open up complaint file and investigate a wide range of hotel/customer problems. After 6 weeks with much work and aggrevation ie faxing documents, writing emails, making phone calls, contacting charge card company, being insulted by Palmer House's management whom never followed through until forced by corporate, or really sincerely cared that their customers are being robbed, we received a refund. Now all the manager of the Lockwood Rest. & Bar had to do was issue an immediate credit and simple apology, but most importantly follow though with his promises to take care of the problem instead of sweeping it under the rug and hoping the robbed customer would go away$! This review is to give a heads up to any future Palmer House guest to hold on to all your receipts and make sure to check the total against what is actually charged on your bill $! Hopefully this will save other guests from being robbed and how to get quicker results... In conclusion we will never stay at, or frequent, or recommend Palmer House to any of our customers, friends or relatives after dealing with the extreme lack of customer service from every level of management!!!