I stayed at Palmer House with my husband on two consecutive weekends (14-16 Aug and 21-23 Aug), and on both of them the experience was not pleasant for different reasons. At the first time, we were given (as well as the other couple travelling with us) a very tiny bed (about 4ft - 1,2m wide!). It was so small that my husband actually fell of the bed once. We couldnt move much during the night (with the risk of falling of), which made sleeping quite uncomfortable. The room was also very small, there was the bed and minimum space to walk around it and a small dresser with tv on top (the smallest hotel room I've ever been to). We asked to change rooms, and like the other couple; we heard that they had nothing else to offer and that we shouldn't book through priceline.com next time! What a shame! Next stay was already booked (and pre paid), so we decided to go anyway. At check in, we already begged for a bigger room, and since the hotel was not so full, they granted us a king size bed room. The room was at least twice as big as the previous one, which was very good. For my surprise after I found a dirty towel among the supposedly clean ones (lipstick marks). I complained and of course they deeply apologized and brought us a new one. Next day I found on the night table one french fry and a Mc Donald's ketchup, and we hadn't eaten there! Cleanliness was clearly very poor on that second stay. Besides, bathtub/shower combination drain was working poorly, so we damped our feet on about 6 ft deep water even when showering, which I find very unpleasant. Called maintenance, it stayed pretty much the same, and we where left with a dirty toilet, full of maintenance guy's footprints (and still not working). It was not expensive considering location (80-90 dollars per night), but I will search for another hotel next time. Valet parking is vey expensive (50 dollars a day) but that's a poblem of the location, not the hotel. Location is though VERY good, near Millenium park and other sights.