The location of the Palmer House Hilton is good for business travelers, but tourists would probably want to stay north of the river where there are more restaurants and shops. If there are no conventions in town, two bills will fetch you a small room on the alley with no view (except looking into other guests rooms). The begger on the street corner welcomes you to the Palmer House. The registration desk is on the second floor up a couple of flights of stairs which is tough with a rolling bag. The 2-5 minute average wait for the elevator is silly. The distance from the elevator to your room can be a workout. My room on the 19th floor had a strong smell. At first I thought it was cheap truckstop perfume, but decided the staff must have spilled a bottle of orange scented cleaner. Unfortunately the cleaner was not used to clean the tiny bathroom (which still had a wet towel from a prior guest). The room had ancient carpet that was bunching up into waves on the floor. The wallpaper was peeling as was the paint on the bathroom door. The HVAC was either all or nothing. The double beds were OK. Being an avid duck hunter, I stay in some dump motels in the countryside, but the Palmer House is the first place where I decided it was best to keep socks on at all times to avoid fungus. The first morning the wakeup call didn't arrive due to hotel computer problems. The second morning the maid staff was pounding on the door before the 7:15 wakeup call arrived. I was told that I was given a quiet room at the end of the alley, but I could hear the elevated train that runs next to the hotel all right long. I wear hearing aids and consider myself a sound sleeper, so I cannot imagine what light sleepers would think. The Corner Bakery and Miller's Pub around the corner provide good alternatives to the high prices and low quality of food in the hotel. The lobby of the hotel is interesting, but I would recommend staying at another hotel and just stopping in for a drink, but at $50 for parking take the subway (2 blocks west on Monroe) or the EL (literally adjacent to the building).