Initially, I was super psyched to try the Palmer House Hilton. I've stayed at a good number of hotels in Chicago, and I am always intrigued by the hotels with a rich history. I'm also a big fan of the Hilton line-up of properties, nationwide, as I'm active in the Hilton Honors program and find it be very rewarding. However, the charm of exploring a Hilton hotel that is new to me wore off quickly. Once we discovered we were going to be arriving 3 hours later than expected, due to airline delays, we called the hotel twice, letting the staff know we were indeed going to be checking in, and asked the staff to please hold the king renovated room we had reserved (which we were holding on a credit card). We were told both times that the room we wanted would be held. But, once we finally checked in, weary from the airline delays, the front staff did not tell us we weren't getting the room we had expected. The room that we ended up with instead of our requested renovated king was one of the smallest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in, with a double bed that the hotel calls a queen (but it's actually the size that most of us would call a double or full-sized bed). The bathroom was tiny, with a small square of floor space in which to position one's feet while using the sink or the toilet. The room had not been renovated, and, judging by the photos others have posted, the renovated rooms are worlds better than what we had. Decor was worn and dated. There was an unpleasant odor in the room, though not strong, and we weren't able to identify the source. As others have written, the walls between rooms are indeed surprisingly thin. I slept with ear plugs. We did have a window, and the view featured a wall with windows of other guest rooms. On the plus side of things, the hotel's location is fantastic. I really enjoyed wandering about two blocks to the Macy's and TJ Maxx on State Street. The bellmen were quick to hail a taxi for us. We found the room service to be a bit pricier than expected, but service was fast and available at extended hours. Of course, the lobby area is gorgeous and tends to be buzzing with people enjoying the many comfortable, intimate seating areas in the lobby. When our elevators were stopping on other (renovated) floors, it looked like the decor on those floors was very attractive and interesting. I was envious. The gym and pool were still being renovated when we were there, so I didn't visit that area. I don't want to air a bunch of dirty laundry here, as that's not really appropriate, but discussions with hotel management were disappointing and did not yield any apologies, sincerity, or special offers (discounts, free meals, etc.) in reaction to our disappointment. Admittedly the hotel was well booked due to a conference, but, to me, the preemptive calls from us and assurances that all would be well upon arrival were meaningless in the end. I always try to give management a chance to repair the situation while the issue is fresh, and this is the first time I can recall dealing with a Hilton manager who declined to ask anything along the lines of "Is there anything I can do to make this situation better?" and/or offer some kind of discount or gift (free meals/drinks at the hotel restaurant, for example) in reaction to a problem. It was disappointing to encounter a situation like this one at a Hilton property. I just didn't feel like a valued guest at all, and I felt like my active enrollment in the Hilton Honors program meant nothing at this property. This hotel has lots of potential, the location is nice, and the renovations look promising. But I don't think I'll come back. There are too many fantastic hotels in Chicago, and too many proven, good Hilton options to take a risk at trying the Palmer House again. Sadly, I can now see why this property is ranked #55 among Chicago hotels (according to today's rankings, which are subject to change with time).