My daughter and I stayed at the Palmer House for one night. We were in Chicago to see the sights and attend a play and were sorely dissapointed with the hotel accomodations. While the Palmer House location was great since we were going to the LaSalle Bank Theatre, I'd take a cab to the theatre and stay someplace else next time. The proximity to the Art Instittute and free trolley were nice, but there are other locations close to better shopping, other sites, and more restaurants anyway if you venture up closer to N. Michigan Avenue where the rooms are bigger and the staff friendlier. Our stay started out poorly and never got better. The Hilton Honors receptionist was extremely slow and certainly not welcoming. Because we had read the reviews concerning rennovated vs. non-renovated rooms, we asked specifically for a renovated room when we checked in. We were told that there were none ready yet (although it was after the 3 pm check in time) so we offered to leave our bags with the bellman and come back later. After waiting quite a while without a bellman appearing, we ended up lugging our bags down a level to the storage room ourselves. We returned around 5:30 pm after killing most of the afternoon wandering down State Street, and were given a room. It was renovated, but the SMALLEST two double bed room I have ever seen, and it overlooked a roof with the fire escape right outside our window. Both of us were very dissappointed in the room, and also sorry we had wasted an afternoon of our time in the city waiting to check in, given this was the "upgraded" room we were going to receive. The service matched the rooms. In fact, the only word that comes to mind for the concierge is "snooty". Perhaps it was because we were dressed like tourists in shorts and sandals. (I usually travel for business and treatment of business people seemed to be much better!) While our questions were answered, it was in a very abrupt and non-helpful way and I observed another mother being treated the same. In fact, she was looking for options for her children to ride a boat on the river, and I stopped her afterwards to suggest if they did not want the 90 minute tour she could take them on the water taxi--something the concierge did not even mention--possibly because she did not get any commission on water taxi rides! Several other reviews have suggested this is a great place to go have a drink in the beautiful lobby and see the "old gem" but you'd get better accomodations and superior service at a lower price elsewhere. I'd have to agree. We've stayed at the Embassy Suites on N. State, the Drake (another old gem), the Hilton Garden Inn, the Hyatt and several other hotels near the loop and I'd pick any of them over the Palmer House!