The beautiful lobby ceiling is there as always, but , as they distinctly neglected to tell me when I booked, the hotel is currently undergoing renovation. Many on-site services and resturants are not currently operating. During low-traffic hours they are also refinishing the lobby floors. At the one bar/resturant available the food was excellent and the service staff were quick and capable. I wish I could say as much of the hotel concierge staff, who were abrupt, unhelpful and rude. Internet acess available in the lobby cost $4.95/15 min. + $1 per page to print, and when I had problems with the printer they were rude and dismissive. Similarly unhelpful on the question of where one might dine nearby (in view of the renovations and closed services) they handed me a list of 40 or so "nearby" establisments. Some of these were 4-6 city blocks away. The beds ,linens and bathroom facilities were superior, the housekeeping fine, heat and hot water quite adequate. Our room, however, was tiny and cramped with a "view" of a dark and gritty inner courtyard. The electronic door locks (ours and others I observed) were a real trick to open and I had to get one of the housekeeping staff to open ours for us the first time. (She said to me with seeming surprise "They gave you this little room?"- one has to wonder.) It was a great disappointment and I felt we didn't get good value for the price. Perhaps if I complained I could have gotten a switch or had them fix the door, etc., but I am not a complainer and don't feel I should have to complain to get a good product and good service. Beware---They have set up and promote a cheap and unpleasant costume jewelry vendor within the lobby entrance which is a tremendous rip-off. My young daughter noticed the $50 "gift certificate good for $50 off purchases of $60 or more in our registration packet and spent time looking for something to buy (throwing in her $20 spending money.) Everything stocked was either $49.95 or more than $80, except a bin of "sale" items for $10. We ended up buying her one of the $10 trinkets (the same stuff as the junk in the cases, it seemed to me-marked down from the outrageous ticket price) and trashed the faux "gift certificate." What a scam. It really made the place seem cheap and vulgar.