I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton with a friend for a conference Sept 13-16, 2006. I read the reviews ahead of time, so I was pretty prepared...and experienced most of the problems others have. The elevators are SLOW...God forbid you are on the 18th floor or above, there is only one bank of three (VERY SLOW) elevators, and we OFTEN spent ten minutes waiting. The room was clean, nothing impressive, neither horrible nor wonderful. The minibar was disconnected, but locked, so you couldn't use the fridge anyway (would it really kill them to let you? Oh, wait...you could rent a fridge for $30/day!) There was bottled water in the room if you wanted to pay FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE for it. The service for the conference was rather poor...coffee and hot water for tea were often out, dishes were left sitting, etc. The Downtown Cafe food was ok, overpriced, as would be expected, but DON'T sit outside...right under the El, and so loud! Also, they have a "beer tower" drink, which is literally a giant tower of beer. As one can imagine, it is popular with your stereotypical wannabe frat boys, who also like to sit on the patio and dispense shots into the mouth of whoever walks by...while the staff looks on (even though there are regulations in Chicago against alcohol leaving the marked premises). The service was polite enough but slow, and when you're at a conference, promptness is important (especially when you'll be spending the next five years waiting for an elevator!) Overall, the lobby is OK (in Europe no one would look twice), but you could come in and peek at that if you wanted to. I was happy with the security, they did ask to see our room keys when we came in at night (but would it be that hard to get/find one?) which is better than most hotels, the concierge was very little help when asked a simple question, the staff was ok, oddly enough, the most friendly were the housekeepers and the bell staff, we were allowed to check in early which was helpful, but if I was paying to stay here, I wouldn't have been impressed. Basically...just ok, with enough annoyances to make it worthwhile to look elsewhere.