We stayed at Palmer House the weekend of July 23rd. It does have a great lobby, and the rooms are clean and well maintained. I travel all the time for business and what matters to me is service - and while it's adequate at Palmer House, it's not what I expect from a hotel in this class. For example, I went to work out in the gym dressed in a t-shirt and exercise shorts (the nylon kind) - the attendent asked if I was dressed in workout clothes - I thought the question was odd, but said yes. Then she asked me if I was wearing Jeans - I did raise my eyebrow in disbelief, looked at my shorts and said "no" - she then said "Are you giving me attitude?" When I complained at the front desk, the clerk said she was going to get a manager - she didn't. Instead she called the attendent, who apparently said she had to check attire. In fairness, the front desk clerk did give me a coupon for free access to the center (it's an extra charge) - but it was pretty clear it was more to make me go away than being sincerely apologetic for the attendents inappropriate comment. The internet access was down the entire time of our stay. When we asked about it at the front desk, the clerk just said "it's down." No apology, no idea when it was going to be back up. I look for hotels with in-room high-speed because of my business - not having it is a real problem. Again, the attitude was more irritating than the problem. I had driven there with a colleague and the parking was supposed to be on his room. There were no charges on his room bill so he assumed he would pay that separately when he went to retrieve his car. When he went to pick up the car, the attendant was upset with him that the parking had not been paid for. Eventually the attendent let him pay right there - but the attitude was much more that it was my colleague's responsibility to make sure his room bill was correct. Again, at this class of hotel, I don't expect to be treated that way. I usually stay at the Wyndham Chicago on St. Clair (near Michigan Ave.), but couldn't get a room there for this particular weekend. They have much better customer service and larger rooms. I'd recommend it over the Palmer House.