We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton while in town to meet up with friends from Los Angeles for a Cubs vs. Red Sox baseball game. Since hotel rooms were hard to come by and we had seen The Palmer House recently featured on the Travel Channel series Great Hotels we felt fairly confident about booking a reservation. We read the TripAdvisor comments mentioning Hilton HHonors members may have a good chance to get the best rooms so we made sure to check in at the HHonors desk. After waiting for what seemed like an eternity for a woman with some sort of fruit punch drink to go through a laundry list of dazed and confused questions which included wanting to know if each and every one of her friends had checked in yet, it was our turn. My husband mentioned he was a Silver level rewards member and inquired as to the possibility of a room upgrade. Supremely annoyed, the front desk girl scanned her computer screen and informed us that since we had booked through Expedia there would be no upgrade for us. I immediately had flashbacks to the Seinfeld soup nazi episode - NO SOUP FOR YOU! She then tersely added, You have a great room. Turns out Hilton has a very unique definition of GREAT. Apparently a great room is one the size of a closet that was last updated perhaps when the Brady Bunch was a hot TV show? A great room also includes a spectacular view of a brick wall, banging wall pipes that give off some kind of random, maniacal Morse code at any given hour and you get the pleasure of listening to your neighbors debate the current state of their marriage because the walls are about as thick as paper mache. And the Great Room piece de resistance  you get your very own, I guess you could call it a room pet  a petrified giant dead moth hanging out in our bathroom light fixture. We really appreciated a bathroom so clean dead bugs decided to make it their final resting place. The place is not all gloom and doom though. What others have written about the magnificent lobby  its totally true - it is beautiful and definitely something to take in and see. From what we experienced during our stay, just make sure you do not book your room through expedia unless you want to experience one of the very special great rooms and better yet, do everything possible to sleep in the lobby because it is, without a doubt, the best part of the hotel.