I was confident to have a nice stay when choosing the Ritz-Carlton Chicago; but we understood immediately that it was a very bad choice. 1. We had made our reseravtion in April, with an arrival on July 28th. My wife was in Boston the week before, and I was to join her in Chicago on the 28. We had to make a change so that she would arrive on the 27, one day before me. When she arrived for checking in, she was rebuffed as she was told that as her name was not on the reservation, even if her passeport stated that she was my wife, she could not stay at the hotel! She was then required to call me in Paris (in the middle of the night) with her cellphone (well she could have called anyone in fact, but at no cost for the hotel) so that I confirm she was to stay with me! That for the greeting! 2. The next day, before my arrival, she was called to the front desk and informed that her Visa card was not providing for the payment of the stay. This was true, but why not wait for my arrival the same day ? I was the one who made the booking. This was truly very poor manners from the hotel to bother my wife at this moment, when you think we were to stay 10 days! 3. A few days later, the same problem arised with my own credit card. I went to the front desk and explained that I had to call my bank in Paris to settle the matter, but due to time difference, had to wait until the next morning. In the afternoon of the same day, I was summoned again at the front desk, for the same reason, by the duty manager. I told him that I already explained that I would call my bank in the morning; but it was not enough for him : first, he showed me that my card was not accepted, then he asked me how I will be paying if it was not accepted, then he suggested that I met someone from the accounting department by 9 am...So much pressure, and we had still 4 nights to stay there. It was truly intimidating, rude, and I felt like if I was a potential criminal. Besides these bad experiences, I must say that the service was not on a high standard. Breakfast was difficult to obtain in the lobby, coffee was cold by the time breads arrived,etc. We were offered to take off a night from our bill, anyway on the next morning, we asked for the breakfast in the room and it arrived with one capuccino instead of two, and no bagels that had been ordered.