Obviously by the title alone, you could tell that it was not a pleasant stay for me. I'm not an avid traveler but does do my fair share to know the good from the bad. Years ago I joined the SPG and I try to stick with SPG whenever I could. I would have to say this Sheraton has fallen short of the SPG expectation. Upon arriving at the hotel, the 1st level/lobby area looks nice and appears to be newly renovated. The gentleman behind the counter cheerfully annouced that I was being checked into a junior suite in the south tower. When I got to my room and opened the door, the room was pitch dark and I couldn't find the light switch by the door to turn on any light in the room. I couldn't let go of the door since I couldn't see any thing if I do. Finally I had to wedge my suitecase in the door to prevent it from closing when I searched for a lamp to turn on. Now I could finally take a look at the room. The suite is about double the size of a regular room. But somehow the whole room just appeared to be really musky and outdated. The bathroom doesn't appeared to be updated at all. Definitely doesn't seem like a hotel that just went through a million-dollar renovation. Then I noticed this really loud humming/buzzing noise. I called the front desk and asked to be moved to another room. At first they were trying to convince me that it might be just an air filter problem and they will send someone over to fix it. But I insisted that could not be the case. So the front desk had to go check with the manager and get back to me. They called me 20 minutes later and offered to move me to a room that's 2 floors up directly above my current room(1507 to 1707). In between the 20 minutes window, the guy showed up and confirmed my suspicion and told me I'm right underneath a mechanical room on the 16th floor. So now I'm being moved to 1707 which is above the mechanical room? I'm not falling for that trick. I refused and asked to be moved to another tower(they have 5 different towers). So the front desk had to go check and get back to me again. 1 hr later, I finally settled into my 3rd room of the night which is in the North3 tower. The room/furnishing are much more modern and cleaner. I decided to order room service and watch a movie. Guess what, the movie shakes violently on the TV and you get a headache just looking at it. So I had to call guest service to cancel. 2nd day, called for toothpaste, doesn't show up for 1hr. Called 2nd and a 3rd time, it finally came. My laundry did not come back at 9pm as promised. Called and they said they will go check and call me back, no call back. Called again, they said they will go talk to the manager and call me back, no call back. Finally at 11pm they sent some security manager knocking on my door thinking something was stolen from my room. I had to drag myself out of bed to clarify the situation. 3rd day morning, I called again about my laundry, they said management is aware of the situation and they will call me back, again, NO CALL BACK! I couldn't wait, went to check out at the front desk. The lady behind the counter said: " oh we found your sweater, it was placed in the wrong room". So I was at least happy to have my sweater back. Opened the dry cleaning bag, the sweater was hanging nicely from the hanger with my hair dangling down from it! I proceeded to check it out, stain was still on the front. There are couple other minor annoyances I'm not going to mention here. Overall I would not stay here again even if you pay me. Yes , the facility is OK , but the service is definitely lacking. The staff is courteous, but what good does it do when all you hear is "I'm sorry...." I wish there's nothing they need to be sorry about in the first place. The best service at this hotel would be the man who delivers room service which makes me feel that the 20% gratuity is well deserved. And after all these inconveniences, no one showed up to offer a nice gesture to appease the situation.