This is my first (and hopefully, last) BAD experience with a Sheraton Hotel. My partner and I were here to attend a scheduled convention held at the Hotel. My partner checked in mid-afternoon and I arrived after 10:30 on 7/30. The room he had been given was in the south tower. The walls of the room were unfinished - almost as though it were still under renovation. There were more than 40 rivets and bolts all around the door itself - snagged my blouse opening the door. The toilet in the bathroom, aside from the extremely bad floor planning, was a PUBLIC toilet! The brand that you flush with your foot. The shower head was the old, circular type and even that had lime deposits and didn't release water through more than half of it. I went down to the concierge who was extremely polite and helpful. He directed me to the hotel manager who was also very helpful, polite and expressed understanding of the situation. He asked the lady at the registration desk to find another room for us. While she did find another room, she was taciturn almost to the point of rudeness at having to do so. And no, I wasn't rude - after all, I was being moved to better accommodations. They moved us to the North tower - this room was much better. The elevators - There were two elevators for the second tier of rooms of the North tower. One didn't work the entire weekend. The working elevator was faulty and didn't pick up on certain floors of that tier. At times, it did not recognize the down call button from the 17th floor and the only way to get the elevator to pick you up was to hit the up button and go up before coming down. I waited for 17 minutes, hearing the elevator come down past our floor twice before realizing I needed to go up before going down!! Parking - The room card is used to let you out of the parking structure. Our room key DIDN'T work a single time during our stay. We had to push the call button to get someone to let us out. They said they would fix it and it was never resolved. And TWO times, NO ONE responded to the call button. On both occasions, we had to ask other hotel guests to use their room key to let us out. Other hotel guests had the same issue. Check-out. We were overcharged by $125 for the three-day stay. Instead of being able to express-checkout, I had to go back to the registration desk to sort out the bill. After telling them they overcharged us, they said they took $100 off the bill (the difference in the room charge from $189 to $139). I had to insist the associated taxes to be adjusted as well or I would have been charged the taxes for the incorrect room charge. On a good note - housekeeping was good. And the pillows were excellent. The comforter was very good quality but was noticeably stained in several places. The concierge desk was wonderful. Everyone I spoke to was professional, friendly, helpful and an absolute credit to the hotel. Overall - this was the most aggravating and disappointing Sheraton experience I have ever had. I spent what should have been an enjoyable weekend convention, frustrated and constantly alert over the incompetency and inadequacy of the hotel accommodations. Trip Advisor has this hotel listed as a 4-star hotel. I've had better 2-star hotel experiences than I had at this Sheraton.