We stayed at this hotel for the Labor Day Weekend and what a nightmare. The hotel staff was obviously frustrated with the management and, at one point, had a server in the Legends Sports Bar tell us how awful the management was... I ordered food to be delivered to our room at check-in...no food (but THEY CHARGED ME FOR IT), we waited forty minutes for our food in Legends AND WE WERE THE ONLY ONES THERE, I ordered room service Coffee for 7 AM the next morning...they never brought the coffee (but THEY CHARGED ME FOR IT). We waited THREE HOURS for towels at the pool and eventually just gave up. The price you pay when you book your room is just the beginning of this odyssey...Parking $20..did you want a fridge $10...microwave? $10 and both PER DAY. Breakfast at Docs? $20 a HEAD (breakfast buffet includes a total of 12 items which included stale pastry's and sausage that sat in a chafing dish so long you couldn't cut the skin). Dinner at Docs (Seafood buffet...lol) $42. a HEAD... the shrimp was BROWN, crab legs were old..the Prime Rib was good but this was a ridiculous price...did you want to get a umbrella and chairs on the beach? $30. and ONLY UNTIL 5PM...Before our trip I emailed the Concierge FOUR times using the link they sent me with my reservation confirmation and no one responded... the front desk personnel were disconnected and uninterested.. The Oceanfront King Room we stayed in was barely adequate...the shower and bathroom floor was dirty... it has clearly NOT been mopped by housekeeping after the previous guest left...we found clothing tags and food on the carpet and GARBAGE in one of the cans underneath the desk. I called housekeeping and a man showed up with extra pillows and towels and "wiped down the bathroom" he also ran the vacuum over the carpet and stood around for a several minutes (no joke) until we TIPPED him to leave. No no no...this is a HILTON in name only and doesn't even come close to the quality you would expect from this brand. Don't walk...RUN... from this hotel. There are several other places on Daytona Beach you can stay and have a much better experience. As a Hilton Honors Member and frequent traveler I can honestly tell you this is in my top ten WORST hotel stays.