We recently returned from a family vacation last week. We stayed in a cabana suite on the ground level. One of our biggest issues was there was NO cell service in the room. You had to walk outside to make calls. Two out of the three phones in the room didnt work and the one that did work, the people said they could barely hear us. There was no safe deposit box which is standard in almost all hotels. The ice machines were not close and were either not working or nearly empty. The bathroom didnt have a vent so the bathroom was always stuffy and hot after taking a shower. Hardly ever had pool towels out. I think the grounds are way too big for the hotel to take care of. There were abandoned store fronts attached to the hotel that havent been washed in years. They had inappropriate things written on them. We had a patio outside of our room. We would sit out there every night to relax and enjoy the weather. This area is open to the public that walk past on their way to and from the carnival area. We witnessed an argument and then a guy get sucker punched. He ran away yelling call the cops with several people chasing after him (one included a guy with a baby in a stroller)! Another night we saw a mother yelling at the top of her lungs to her child, then proceeded to smack him in the face two different times (with multiple people and maids within steps from her). I thought I was staying at the Motel 6 not the Hilton! We had a problem with our cc being charged, stopped by the front desk and talked to a manager that said they would take care of it and call us to confirm it had been cleared up. Two days later I still hadnt heard from her and called again to say she was in a managers meeting and would call when she got out. Never received a call! And the kicker is in the book it says if you have any comments or concerns to hit the menu button on the tv to submit your feedback, it didnt work on either TV! Never again will I stay here! Also don't waste your money on the carnival thing next door. You can pay $10 for an hour of unlimited stuff, but not all rides work, they didn't have enough people working there so you have to follow the workers from ride to ride or wait until they are done with running one ride and come to another.