This location has just about the same ambience pleasures as any other along the Daytona Beach strip, so without discussing how pretty or beautiful everything looked to me I will discuss what this Hotel does to the customer looking for an acceptable to great vacation for their dollar: Parking is either valet or across the street. Across the street requires you use the hotels room card to go in and out of the parking lot (it's pretty simple to use). Valet has you parked in a parking garage filled with pigeons (lots of fecal matter). Valet is $17 a day and across the street $10.55 (tax included) a day. I strongly suggest going across the street as it's not too far away and there are always plenty of parking spaces. Priceline fraudulent listing: they have on their site that this hotel is a 3 and a half star hotel even though the hotel confirms to be a 3 star hotel only. In fact Priceline had this hotel as a 4 star hotel until claims were filed against Priceline because of the false hotel star rating giving on their website for this hotel. I got this room at $50 (after Priceline taxes $61 a night). The Priceline website has this hotel listed at $159.00 and up a night. I was given a room looking over the city, on the top floor. I was able to see the inlet, bridges and the city view from my view. The ocean was not seen or heard from my room. No fridge or microwave in the room. Hotel charges about $10 a night for WI fi use; unless you want to go to lobby area to roam WI fi for free (this area was inundated with people using their laptops and other similar devices all day long. This hotel does allow pets ($50) a night. Neither of the pools was heated even though I was told otherwise. Three hot tubs (one was down/out of service), suggest using the outside one as the indoor one feels way too hot due to no fresh air or breezes blowing on you (Hotel: at least get some fans around the indoor hot tub). Plenty of different places to eat at inside the hotel, however the prices were so overpriced, I didn't bother with any of them; there were plenty of nearby restaurants to choose from outside of the hotel. What is near by: Two comedy clubs, one was really close not sure of the name and the other Bonkers was about two miles away, both on same rd. as hotel. A water park (closed during offseason). Science Museum (was closed when I attempted to go on Sat). Tons of rentals places for motorcycles, bikes, boats, etc. And of course the speedway where they have the Daytona 500 is about 4-5 miles away. More about the hotel; the room was fine, beds were good, nothing special. The TV was huge, about 46 inches. Next to no balcony, in fact I strongly suggest you don't lay a foot outside your room because your feet won't fit beyond the sliding glass door section. I was aware of this hotels cheapskate ways so I wasn't shocked at their 'extras' and what more they cost you, however I will make it my business to find a hotel that cares about the customer and includes what you need with the hotel night bill, even if the bill is more. I did have a minor problem with room service (no towels), on my way out to a function I told front desk and had them send me up new towels while I was away.