Sorry if this post gets a little long but I promise it is worth the read to get the real scoop on this place. I rarely post to websites but I will start by saying the negative reviews on this site are completely accurate. Back in November we booked a king size oceanfront with terrace for New Year's Eve. Upon check in the lady informed me they "upgraded" my room to a Junior Suite because they are a "full service" hotel and "they thought it would be better for me". I explained that if I thought it would be better, I would have booked that particular room in the first place. The new "upgraded" room did not have a balcony or terrace, which is my reason for staying oceanfront in the first place. After going back and forth she checked with her manager and explained there were no other rooms available...how convenient. After finally accepting that the all-knowing Hilton knows what's best for me, I proceeded to the front area where I parked the car. After loading the bellhop cart, they were nice enough to let me know they had to wait for a bellman to take my bags up. I told them it wasn't necessary that I can unload the bags myself. Another guy explained that they are a "full service" hotel and company policy would not allow me to take my own bags up. Somehow this "full service" seemed like nothing more than a hassle. After 10 minutes I was gracious enough to finally have a bellman take the cart up. (There were 4 carts ahead of me and if I didn't talk the guy into taking my cart next the wait easily would have been 1/2 hour). The parking was just as horrible in this "full service" hotel. If you choose to self-park, prepare to make 2 lefts out of the hotel just to get back onto Atlantic Ave. then drive to an outside, unmanned, unsecure parking lot behind a rib shack. Verrrrrrry classy parking for a Hilton. Oh yeah, prepare to walk over 2 blocks just to get back to the Hilton. Very convenient for a "full service" hotel. By this time we were just exhausted and angry so we decided to order a pizza. How pleasantly surprised we were when the front desk called and told us to come to the lobby to pick up our delivery order. Company policy at this "full service" hotel does not allow delivery drivers to the room. Doesn't seem too convenient to go down 7 flights then walk across the lobby to pick up food in this "full service" hotel. The walls are very thin in this place. I have never been to a "full service" hotel that allows wild packs of black teenagers running the halls at 4 in the morning. It must be a new policy. Checking out was just as bad. The walk back to the car is just a pain after a long weekend and waiting for a bellman again. When he finally did come up I told him to wait for one minute and he left. He never came back so we didn't even ask for another bellhop cart and hauled all of our luggage (with stroller) out of this "full service" hotel. To be fair, they did give us free breakfast and $10 off each day for the inconvenience, but I have had better service and way less hassle at the Days Inn, which is most definitely not billed as a "full service" hotel.