We booked our summer vacations and stayed a week.Great location and panorama from the ocean view rooms. Beautiful lobbies and ballrooms. Comfortable beds and pillows. Sheets were always clean. Unfortunately this is the end of what I believe to be the good aspects of this property. Upon arrival we were assigned a room on the 11 th floor. It was an handicapped accessible room that we had not requested. It had a small sink and no bathtub. It was dirty beyond measure. The photos I attached speak for themselves. The external glass door didn't lock. We have two children and we were extremely concerned for their safety.We requested to move to another room, the standard room we had booked. After an initial resistance by the reception staff we were offered a new room the folowing morning.The new room was slightly better as far as cleanliness goes but the furnitures were worn. The sliding door of the closet didn't slide anymore. To open the closet we had to move it manually. The drain of the bathtub didn't work properly. The water drained very slowly. We addressed the issues but the problems were never fixed. One day we didn't even had the housekeeping service. We did not leave the do not disturb sign on the door so we did not understand how it could have happened. The hotel has a kids club called D- Dog. It is a large room on the pool floor. Our older daughter attended the daily camp and I was surprised to find out that all the activities were done indoors. All she did was watching movies, playing w/ table games and made a small craft. The caregiver didn't even give her the ice-cream she was supposed to have at the end of the day and that she has been looking forward to the whole day. I tought that some of the activities organized for the kids took place in the pool floor since there is a kids pool with toys. The hotel has several pools. One in the grounds of south tower ,a portion of which is outdoors and the other indoors. It is a beautiful pool but it was always extremely crowded. At times it was impossible to find any deck chairs available. There were no rules as far as safety goes. People were drinking beers at the edge of the pool and left the bottles there. I never seen a cleaning crew taking care of the place. On the ground of the south tower there is at least a jacuzzi and a kids pool too. A food kiosk and a bar are located by the pool. The other pools are located on the fifth floor at the north tower. The pool grounds here are quite shabby but there is plenty of room to move around and it is much quiter than the other at the south tower. A kids pool and a jacuzzi are also available. The beach is right in front of the hotel. You can rent chairs and umbrella. We never had problems to find one available. Restaurants at the hotel are ok. Having kids we found especially convenient to stop at the caffe to buy salads and sandwiches to take away for the day at the beach. The food was always fresh and reasonably priced. Guest have two parking oprtions. A self parking a quarter mile from the hotel for a small daily amount and a valet service. We tried both options. The valet service was very slow and he area in front of the hotel was always as crowded as the one of an airport. The self parking was in a lot that did't make us feel safe after dark. The reception staff was very casual. Really not the kind of environment that you might expect if you are used to the Hilton' standards. We didn't even have our loyalty points credited because we didn't book through Hilton directly although we paid through the nose for the room.