My brother-in-law came to visit back in March of this year during Spring Break. The thing he wanted most while he was here was to stay directly on the beach in Daytona. We chose the Hilton because of all the excellent reviews here, as well as the fact that I'd stayed in Hiltons elsewhere and found them to be very pleasant. We stayed on Easter weekend, Friday and Saturday night. Perhaps our experience is not typical, but I feel I must share it so that others who are considering staying at this hotel have an idea of what could happen to them as well. Check-in was fine. Everyone was very friendly during the day. Our room was ocean-view, and we were happy. Around 10 PM, the air conditioner made a funny noise, then a strange smell filled the room and it quit working. We called maintenance, who came up and told us that they couldn't fix it that evening. They did not offer to move us, so we asked. They said they WOULD NOT (not "could not" but "would not") move us to another room that night. The night desk clerk even laughed and suggested we "open the windows, it's a nice night." I let the young man know this was unacceptable; he just shrugged. I couldn't believe it. Spring Break being what it is in Daytona, we had a restless night due to the noise of drunken revelers setting off firecrackers at 3 AM. The maintenance crew came by early to fix the a/c. They couldn't. The daytime desk clerk came up and was just lovely. They offered to move us to a new room; they said they would get us set up in the computer and we could move whenever we liked. We asked if we could move around 6 PM, when we got back from our daytime activities and we were told that was no problem. The desk clerk also said we'd get free breakfast at the hotel's restaurant. When we got back around 6:30 PM, the desk staff had, regrettably, changed. Someone on the evening staff had *given away our room*. They got us into a new room, but it was much smaller than our last one. Again, we said this was unacceptable - they didn't care. We didn't check the a/c - we didn't know we needed to. The a/c in this room NEVER worked. We checked with a few neighbors on the floor and found that this problem was going on in other rooms on our floor. Around 10 PM, we went to get our free breakfast vouchers for the next morning. There was a new desk staff who, while friendly, said they had no knowledge of our free breakfasts and refused to do anything about it. Upon checkout, we relayed our problems to the manager. We got an apology, and that was it. I truly could not believe our experience. After all the reviews on this site and the reputation of Hilton hotels in general, I expected better. I realize that many of you had good experiences, and I am sure they were busy that weekend what with Spring Break, Easter, and a large wedding that was taking place as well, but my business is just as valuable as everyone else's was. I will never be staying in a Hilton anywhere ever again.