I have fairly low expectations for hotel rooms in Las Vegas. We basically shower and sleep there, so our needs are easy to meet. When we tried to check into our rooms on a Thursday afternoon, one room was not ready. We were given a few different times the room was going to be ready, and after a couple hours, it finally was. The room I stayed in was the worst of the bunch. It was in the section called the "vintage rooms" and there is a reason for that! The list of complaints is long, so bear with me. The room was small, with no desk, fridge, or microwave. The old wood window rattled randomly, so we wedged some toilet paper in it to minimize that vibration noise. The switch on the entrance wall controlled the TV, not a light. The HVAC is noisy, and the exhaust fan are loud enough to have to really raise your voice over. The sink and tub did not drain well, took 15-20 minutes to drain the sink after brushing your teeth. The room had a pedestal sink, a tiny shelf, the back of the toilet and lid to put your toiletries, no vanity top, so you could have a comb, soap and toothbrush/toothpase out, that was about it. The toilet seat had to be held up to use it. The hotel towels are not bath sized, I would call them salon towels, unless you are wrapping one around a small child, it is not an adequate towel. One morning, I was observing how I felt the room had not been cleaned the day before, so I left one lonely piece of toilet paper in the bowl, closed the lid and left. When we came back to the room in the evening, the piece of tp was still there. We went to go back to our room the last night and our room key would not work. It took way too much to convince the front desk person we were booked through that night. It took so long, I had to have a bathroom break. But when I came back, she found the mistake, decided we were ok to stay and renewed our key. The reason I give this hotel two stars despite all the issues: the beds are comfy, the showers are hot and most of the staff are friendly. I really liked the price and it is not far from the Fremont St. Experience. But I doubt I would stay here again. And I would suggest you stay somewhere else too.