What can I say except I was hugely disappointed. I felt like such a fool for picking this hotel for my family and it was devastating when we walked into our room and reality came crashing down around me. I don't know what I was thinking. Unfortunately a big factor probably was TripAdvisor's 4/5 rating and all these people saying how "not so bad" it is. Now that should have been an early indicator. This hotel is "not that bad". "Not as bad as people are saying". Oh that's nice, but is it any good? I mean, how bad were you expecting? Pavillion rooms are above the parking garage. The parking garage where the elevators are not working so you find yourself having to walk up 4 flights of stairs with all your luggage. It's ok, sometimes things break down. Once at your floor, lighting is insufficient and it's dark and wet as you try to find your room. Oh yeah, this is not indoors, the pavillion rooms lead directly outside. The professional photographs are very well taken. When I opened the door I thought there must've been a mistake. It really is no better than your run-of-the-mill cheapest motel. Much smaller than you'd think from the pictures and shabbier. There was a slight odor I'd rather not think about. The bathroom is tiny and cheap. There is rusting at the bottom of the toilet, a fan knob that is literally falling out, and barely enough room to turn around. I have never walked into a hotel and said immediately, "we need to go somewhere else". At El Cortez, this took approximately 3 minutes. I call the front desk and after numerous "we can't do this", "we can't do that", "we don't offer blank", "you'll have to call whoever you booked with", I pause for a moment and let out a deep breath considering my options when I hear, "uh... bye..." *click*. Okay. So I proceed to call Expedia and there are lots of details which I won't go into here, but there are lots of expedia says this, hotel manager/supervisor says that, hotel will have to charge 100% of the 3-day stay, no wait it's just 1-day but we don't know how much that is. Supervisor says if I would've just came down right away maybe we wouldn't have to charge, but it's been about an hour so we have to. My mistake of calling expedia to see if other hotels have rooms available, if this happens to you go straight to the front desk and cancel first. Expedia gets an "excellent" rating from me. The rep was a savior and ended up refunding everything except for $1.77 and told me not to worry about the manager's threats of charging for the night and that Expedia would take care of it. After an hour at the Cortez, we wanted the Bellagio or MGM even if it was $200 a night. Unfortunately all the 5-stars were booked. He ran down the lists of 3-4 star hotels that were available and had no issue with providing details and even calling to ask what their internet surcharge rate was. Just FYI, very few hotels offer free internet, even the 4-5 stars, and it's usually $10-$14 a day. In the end, he booked me a 3-night stay at the 4-star Golden Nugget which is about 200 yards away from El Cortez but what a world of difference. $60 at Cortez vs $80 at Golden Nugget for 3 nights. Far nicer room, higher quality everything, thank god a clean bathroom with marble, oh wow actual chairs and tables. I would rate the Golden Nugget as average or above average. How Cortez has an above average rating here, I don't have a clue. Perhaps TripAdvisor should change the wording from "Rate your overall experience" to "Rate your hotel". You could have an "excellent" experience anywhere if you're high on ecstasy. It's great that you had low expectations and enjoyed your stay but let's have some objectivity here. You must rate the hotel as it stands against all competitors. Not just give it a 4 rating because it was cheap and you made it out alive. I've stayed at the many 5-star hotels and I wouldn't rate all of those as excellent but I would rate the 3-star Homewood Suites Sandieg-Del Mar excellent. Value is an important factor. But even considering price, El Cortez is at best, "Okay, but some problems". There are much better deals out there. I've been to worse hotels and have had perfectly fine stays. I'd be ok with the Cortez for some situations but not a family vacation. The rating here is misleading and that's the main problem. No matter how good user reviews are, this hotel is a one star for a reason. Just keep that in mind while scanning some of these glowing comments. I didn't and had to jump through hoops to fix things on the trip.