Please, reconsider your stay at this hotel, you are definitely putting yourself in harms way to save a few dollars. I stayed here for four days, and a past Las Vegas resident, and remember Fremont Street before the "experience". When someone stays at a hotel/casino where people gamble, it is the hotels/casino's responsiblity to insure their quests, and others security are priority ONE, but not at the El Cortez. I was threatened by a many casino patron (I am a disabled person) to "take me outside" just for watching, and when I filed a incident report, they ignored it because the patron was spending his cash at the table. I ended up staying in my room in fear for my life. The room had no security lock, the door didn't close completely, the single pane windows were "screwed shut", and the ceiling leaked water while the water drain outside the window constantly ran keeping me awake. I am still trying to recover from this two weeks later. The hotel security, and staff were seen in uniform playing slots, texas-holdem, and tables games to get advantage over the people, now think about that for a moment. One evening while eating at "Careful Kitty's" resturant (btw the food is the worse) in the El Cortez, a drunk patron started a fight, threw his meal all over the counter at others, and screamed he wasn't going to pay (trying to get a free meal) hitting me with food. Security didn't show up for 10 minutes, and when they did, they didn't escort him out, they just made him pay his meal, never asking the other patron, or guests if they were alright. It doesnt do any good to complain, they just don't care, and you are putting yourself in grave danger both in the hotel/casino, and the walk down Fremont Street unlit, bums asking for hand-outs, and no lighting walking outside the El Cortez. Be sure to carry mase, or something to protect yourself, and honestly, i don't know about you, or where some of these people who stayed are trying to fool, but I suggest you read these other negative reviews. Your safety is more important then saving a few bucks, "especially in this part of Las Vegas", and there are other hotel/casino's besides the El Cortez. I had stayed for three days prior at Harrah's on the strip with no problems like this, and with it being the weekend, I couldn't just pickup and go to another hotel/casino because they were all booked for the weekend. Also, recall that all hotel/casino's have security cameras everywhere, but what good are they if you don't protect the people. I remember downtown not like this, it used to be safe, and with 5000 people moving to vegas a MONTH, many end up on the streets of downtown, not on the strip. Im sure you've seen the cop show on tv, where do you think the incidents happen? You quessed it. As for the El Cortez, you only get what you pay for, isn't that the truth !! In closing, many many people carry cash in these casino's, and what good is it if your life is at stake? I realize some have had no problems, while others have, but for heavens sake, how many complaints does it take before someone's life is taken over money!