This hotel came highly recommended by my travel agent, therefore I had high expectations. The hotel was very comfortable and staffed by nice people. The location is great. You can walk to several wonderful restaurants, Pike Place market, and the convention center. I traveled to Seattle for business. I paid $161 for my room. I'm not sure how I got such a great deal. My colleague was supposed to pay $260. Our travel agent had made a mistake on his check-in date. At many hotels, he would have been penalized for arriving a day late, but when he pointed out the mistake and change of rate to the front desk staff, she immediately changed the rate back without hesitation. The concierge was very helpful in recommending some great restaurants and an affordable spa. One thing to remember though is that he leaves at 6 every night. My room didn't have much of a view. My view was of the street in front of the hotel. The hotel is in a building shorter than the surrounding buildings. My colleague had a better view down a street. The room was not huge, but it was spacious. The bathroom was very spacious. Everything was extremely clean. The free high speed internet was reliable. The bed was comfortable, but I do not like feather pillows, and that was all they offered. The climate control worked very well. The hotel is decorated brightly. The large (32"?) flat screen TV with many channels is a nice bonus. The room and hallway had a musty smell, but I got over that quickly. Aveda bath products are a nice touch. Turn down service is standard and does not have to be requested. They will deliver a pet goldfish to your room if requested. It was nice to come home to and wake up to an animal since I missed my dogs. My one suggestion for improvement is the workout room. It is very small. There is nothing worse than being in a cramped little space with a bunch of other people trying to work out. This room has one treadmill, 2 elliptical machines, 3 stationary bikes, 1 stairmaster, 2 benches and 1 set of free weights. The third day I went in, the 5 lb dumbells were gone. The cardio machines have personal entertainment centers better than any others I have seen. There is a nightly reception from 5-6 pm with free wine and free coffee in the morning.