Overall - EXCELLENT! Me and a friend stayed at the Warwick for two nights to sight-see in Seattle before moving on to Vancouver. When we arrived the gentleman at the front desk was really helpful in helping us park the car and even offered us valet service, however the lady that checked us in I felt could've been a little bit more welcoming but dont see this as a major detriment of the hotel - purely a reflection on her own personality! The room was ready on arrival which seems to be a rareity when reading some of the other reviews, however ours was lovely and clean with freshly made beds, tea and coffee making facilities and bottles of water available (at an additional cost but the thought was there!) We also had a breath taking view of Seattle which only got better as the evening set in as the Space Needle lit up and looked amazing! The location of the hotel was GREAT as a starting point for sight seeing! If you turn left out the main entrance and then turn left again at the corner you will come to a stop for the city's open top bus tour! It cost us approximately $20 for the ticket but I think that could possibly have been a two day pass! Whatever it was it was excellent value as the tour takes you all around Seattle and if you have limited time like we did then it is a good idea to do this! You can also jump off the bus at the designated stops to explore that area further if you wish at no extra cost when getting back on later. Also if you turn right out of the hotel and left onto 4th then right again at Virginia Street and carry on walking it takes you right to the sea front and to Pike Place Market - the walk takes approx 10 - 15 mins but it's really nice - especially if you are fortunate to get hot weather like we did! On our return from sightseeing we took advantage of the free swimming pool, jacuzzi and sauna which was wonderful. It was so quiet and tranquil and the facility is really well maintained. There are towels down there and chairs where you can just relax. It was also very secluded so it felt like your own personal space which was fantastic! There was also a gym facility however we didnt use that but from the outside it looked ok. Finally on check-out the receptionist (a different one) was very friendly and helpful making checkout easy. Also the night before I had wanted to send a postcard home however the first receptionist's knowledge of where I could buy a stamp/post my card was very very minimal. Upon checkout the new receptionist was very helpful in advising me they would take care of the postage of my card for the charge of $1 and also offered me some complimentary postcards advertising Seattle and The Warwick with free postage that they would sort out for me... needless to say I took advantage of this and sent quite a few home to various members of my friends and family!! Overall I had a lovely experience and would definitely go back again if I was ever over in Seattle.