Stayed a night at the Warwick over March Easter weekend. Looked through the reviews here and prices of places on expedia previous to travelling from Vancouver and this place looked to be the best value, and it was. We got an even better rate with our Automobile Association membership (AAA or CAA). It was $132/night including all taxes - about a $20 saving over their already reasonable rate (IMO). Parking is an additional $27 but they didn't charge us for this. Basically we were looking for an upgrade to a motel and wanted an indoor pool and hot tub, and wanted to be in the heart of the city. This was it, with pros and cons. We could have stayed at a Quality Inn (1/1/2 stars) for $80/night, or The Sheraton (4 stars) for $210/night. Wasn't drawn to either for reasons of amenities and price respectively. Overall, the biggest pro is what you get more than you pay for IMO: Service well beyond a motel; nice indoor pool and hot tub (you'll find few of these in downtown Seattle), work-out room, newspaper at your door in the morning and invoice slipped under your door on the day you check out, friendly staff, easy early check-in upon our request, a very nice bar - we popped in for a martini - and restaurant which looked nicely run with French flair. Bathrooms are granite and quite clean, although a tad worn. Our room had a great view of the Space Needle. One outstanding feature is the proximity to everything, and this is what we wanted. We walked to everywhere over the 2 days we were downtown. EMP - which was outstanding - is within "Seattle Centre" as is the Science Centre and the Space Needle. The Science Centre is a must for those with kids; much bigger than Vancouver's Science World with more to do. We also walked to Pike Place Market, and to several restaurants and downtown stores close by. Also, about 3 blocks away from the Warwick is a great jazz bar called "Tula's" and the area of town (Belltown) has got great character while still being downtown and extremely convenient. Downtown stores were also an easy walk. We walked to Seattle centre, spent the day, then took the monorail (3 minutes ride) to downtown, then walked back to the hotel. A great day. Cons: Only two, but one worth noting for sure. Our room was on the 6th floor of about 25 floors(?) but much too noisy through the night. Not constant traffic, but intermittent busses made things tough. Our kids had no problem sleeping, but I awoke at 4:30 AM and checked our our window to see if it was open, which it wasn't. Next time, I will request a room much higher up which the check-out clerk said was the way to go. One other con was the beds were too small for me (with my wife). Maybe they were doubles(?); fine for the two small kids to sleep together, but we'd like at least a queen, which we are used to. Again, I'll request this next time. Tour tips: Forget the Space Needle. $50 for the family and while the view is awesome, you're up there for about 20-30 minutes unless you stay for a refreshment. Not worth it unless you're dying to see the lay of the land on a very nice day and have $50 burning a hole in your pocket. EMP- Same price as the Needle, but it was 4 hours of great stuff to do. Hands on music experience, as well as a science fiction hall of fame attached. Fabulous for kids or those who are into this. We thought our kids might get bored. They didn't and since we went after 3:30 (it closes at 5) they stamped our tickets to return the next day, which we did. Can't say enough about it. Science Centre: Again, great value and if you're from Vancouver and have a Science World membership, you get in free. But even if you pay the $30 or so for the family, there's lots to see with a great dinosaur exhibit, butterfly room and plenty more. Restaurants: Of course lots in the area, and we loved the Thai food places. Parking; Hotel parking is $27/day and is actually a pretty good deal for central downtown. That gets you parking for your stay and until 5 PM the day you check-out. Very convenient and we didn't bother hunting for a cheaper deal - what would we get elsewhere - $20/day - so why bother? Besides, they forgot to charge us for the parking upon check-in - we didn't notice until check-out and they just said "It's on us" when we checked out. Very nice. Overall, a very positive experience and we love Seattle. We're happy that we didn't pay the extra for the Sheraton, or go to the Quality Inn for not a lot less. We'd go back to the Warwick with a definite note to advise the staff upon reservation that we are "sensitive" to street noise, and to place us accordingly - upper floor - which I'm sure they will do.