Overall, this is a great hotel with very friendly and helpful front desk staff. After arranging the room, I worked with the front desk staff to arrange a Town Car to pick my wife and I up at the airport. The driver was on time, professional looking, and very pleasant. The front desk staff also provided helpful advice on things to see and do and were helpful in arranging other transportation during my stay. I stayed in a full water-view room on the 7th floor (Room 704) and was very pleased with the room and the view, which was of Elliot Bay and the north end of Pikes Place Market. The view was quite remarkable! The bed was comfortable.The 5th floor deck was a relaxing and enjoyable way to start the day with a cup of coffee and a piece of fruit from the market below or end it with a glass of wine and good company. The Inn at the Market is right in the heart of the downtown area and extremely close to everything including restaurants, coffee houses, shopping, Pikes Place Market, access to the piers on Elliot Bay, and the many available tours. My wife and I enjoyed breakfast and a latte at Cafe Campagne, just below the hotel, several mornings during our trip. The room I had was quite spacious. However, it was not designed for individuals or families who intend to spend alot of time watching television as the foot of the bed was situated so that it was facing the sliding door toward the view of Elliot Bay. The television was positioned to the side of the bed. This was NOT a problem for my wife and I at all. The bathroom was also quite spacious, though I think it could have been designed more wisely to include a seperate shower space in addition to the bathtub, which was just average. (The water pressure was abover average though) Lastly, the odor from the restaurant vent below entered our room once during our four-night stay. It wasn't very pleasant, however, it dissapated quickly enough after I turned on the quiet fan in the bathroom, which I left running most of the remainder of my stay as a precaution. I would definitely stay at The Inn at the Market again!