I stayed at the Inn at the Market for the weekend preceding New Year's Eve, with wheelchair-using spouse and my 80+-year-old parents who both walk with canes. The hotel allocated adjoining (though not connected) handicapped-accessible rooms on the third floor (301 + 302). A door separates these two rooms from the rest of the floor, which features a conference room or two, resulting in a very quiet stay. Because of the extremely steep slope of Pine Street down to the Pike Place Market, these rooms, reached by a lift from the lobby, are on the street level of First Avenue. It is possible to request a key to this street level door, allowing disabled guests to return directly to their room (and the elevators) without negotiating the slope to the main lobby. A bus stop outside the door unfortunately precludes bringing a car right to the door, but a parking lot on level ground is just a block away, and might suit for setting down or picking up a wheelchair-using passenger. Both rooms were very attractively furnished (see photo) and both had windows opening onto the little alley separating the hotel from Campagne Restaurant (which provides the dinner room service). 301 also has an oversized, bumped-out window-seat overlooking Pine St and the market. Great for early morning people watching. Access was acceptable in both bathrooms. A steel shelving unit holding towels and bath amenities was convenient but it made 301's bathroom a tighter fit than necessary; the toilet height, position in the room, and placement of grab bars were problematic. Pluses included the wall-hung sink and curbless shower stall that included a seat with a back. An additional accessibility caveat: the hotel's main entrance and valet car parking service is on Pine. The slope is steep, a potential hazard for a disabled driver exiting from the driver's side of the vehicle. Exit from the passenger side, and nose the car into the curb (which is, incidentally, 5" high) to offer the greatest protection from traffic and the incline.