I had been to Seattle many times in the past and always stayed down near BFI or SEA. Occasionally if time allowed I would take the subway into downtown to visit Pike's market etc. I've always told myself that I would stay downtown someday -- unfortunately downtown hotels have always been outside of my company's hotel budget guidance. On this trip, however, I started watching the rates at the Crown Plaza about a week prior to the trip. It was just $9 over our budget and I had high hopes that the rate would drop. Sure enough, a few days prior to the trip the rate fell within guidance and I quickly booked it. I chose not to rent a car this trip due to the hotel's $35/night parking fee. We took a cab to the hotel which was $20 from BFI and took about 15 minutes. Upon check-in the front desk staff quickly recognized our Priority Club Platinum status and upgraded us to mini-suites and provided access to the club level lounge. They also gave us coupons for free internet (lightning fast!), discounted breakfast buffet at the hotel restaurant, and a free drink. The room was a two-room suite right next to the elevators, but I never heard any elevator noise <phew!>. The "living room" included a comfortable couch and chair along with an LCD television and a refrigerator stocked with two bottles of water. The desk was adequate and included 3 electrical outlets and a desk-light. The only complain I have about the workspace is the desk-chair. I am 5'10" and even with the desk chair extended to as high as it would go, the top of the desk came up to my chest. This made it difficult to get some work done. I think the Crowne Plaza would be well served replacing these chairs by something a little more work-friendly. (or I suppose I could have sat on a phone book...) The bedroom includes a very nice, very comfortable king-sized bed. There is another LCD television on the wall, and a deep closet. I questioned how well the room had been cleaned because there was trash and an empty glass underneath the bed (yuck). The bathroom is small, but clean and adequate. Both rooms feature HUGE plate-glass windows that span the entire wall and overlook the city. Just beautiful! The club lounge on the 32nd floor is small but very well appointed. The staff is professional, friendly, and unobtrusive. I haven't had a chance to visit it for breakfast but the evening cocktail hours were nice. They had fresh baked pizza, fruit, vegetables, and warm cookies. Soda and water were free, however beer and wine were available for purchase. (in fairness they did have a nice selection). Tully's coffee was also available in the entryway. The hotel is located between 5th and 6th street. The walk to Pike's market is easy and takes only about 10 minutes. I would love to come back to this hotel with my family because Seattle is such a cool city and, quite honestly, I think that this hotel is better suited for family/tourism than it is for working. At this price point I would not hesitate to come back here again and I intend to write a similar review for our company's internal hotel recommendation message board so that other employees who are looking for hotels in Seattle may take advantage of this great property and convenient location.