Just stayed at the Seattle Crowne Plaza from Feb 11-13. We got a great rate of $65/night through Hotwire. We checked in on Saturday afternoon at around 1pm. We got a room on the 23rd floor, directly across from the Elevators. However, we didn't really hear too much noise from the hallways or elevators because the air conditioning was pretty loud and covered the outside noise. We had a 2 double bed room, with a nice view of I-5. My son loved the view because he could see the cars on the freeway. We asked for a King Bed, but the lady at the front desk said they didn't have any available. I'm also wondering if people who book through Hotwire get the rooms by the elevators? Because my mom also was assigned a room by the elevator and she booked through Hotwire. The room itself was pretty spacious. Enough room for my 2 1/2 year old son to play with his toys. However, the bathroom was pretty tiny. The shower was regular sized and with good water pressure. Conditioning shampoo, mouthwash, lotion, and facial soap were supplied. Crowne Plaza does try to add some little details we noticed in the room. Upon arrival, there is a little red bag filled with ear plugs, eye mask and linen spray on the bed. Also, a CD with soft music. In the bathroom there was also a nightlight and on the curtains there was a clip to keep the light out. Very nice touch. The beds were decent. The room was quite dry and we all had a hard to sleeping because our throats became very dry. The main reason we were in Seattle was to visit the Northwest Flower & Garden Show held at the Convention Center. The hotel was in a very good location. We were able to walk through Freeway Park and end up directly on the 4th floor entrance to the Convention Center in about 5-10 minutes. Pacific Place Shopping Center is about 5 blocks away, WestLake is about 7 blocks away and Pike Place is about 10 blocks. Walking around at night was a little scary because there are a lot of homeless people and also a lot of people who were smoking weed and begging for money. It didn't exactly feel safe. During the day it was OK. There is no self-parking in the hotel. Only Valet service. It was quite expensive at $27/night. We did notice a public parking lot up one block for $12/day. Overall, we had a nice stay at Crowne Plaza. I would stay there again if I got the Hotwire rate.