I said here at the recommendation of my sister when I was in town for a job interview. I was really pleased. I got a very good rate on the room, and it was just fine for my purposes. I checked in around 10 pm and the young lady at the desk was very friendly and helpful. She offered me a room on any of the three floors. I took the third floor even though the hotel doesn't have an elevator, because I thought it would be quieter. The actual climb up the stairs wasn't too bad. The room itself was pretty small, but had a queen-size bed, a kitchen unit with a two-burner gas range, a refrigerator, and a decent selection of cookware and plates. The closet was pretty large with plenty of room to hang up clothes. There was a small table and two small chairs, and an arm chair in the corner. The bathroom was pretty cramped, but had a full-size bathtub with shower. The room was nice and clean and I could see the Space needle from my window. The bed was pretty comfy. The heat was a bit strong the first night. It can be adjusted the old-fashioned way by turning a valve on the steam radiator at the window. It was winter, so I didn't use the air-conditioner, but it looked pretty new. The hotel has free wireless Internet. The only complaint about the room was that the bed barely fit between the bathroom door and the other side of the room where the entrance door was, so the "bedside" table was actually several feet away on the other side of the bathroom door. The first night I moved it near the bed where it partially blocked the bathroom door so I could put my glasses, phone, wallet, and stuff like that on it. The second night I just put that stuff on the top of the bed board that was couple of inches wide. The location is great. There are numerous restaurants nearby, and it's a great place to start from if you are using public transportation to get around. I took a bus and train to the airport from there in about an hour and it only cost $4.50. The room seemed quiet, maybe because I was so high up, and I was happy to be able to open the windows for some fresh air and to lean out to take a photo of the Space Needle. I highly recommend this hotel.