The Marqueen is, as other reviews have noted, not the Hilton - but it's not the Motel 6 either. Yes, the hotel is old, but that hasn't caused us any problems. Rooms are quite large by hotel standards, and prices are lower than most hotels in Seattle. This is an independant hotel where they have done a nice job in restoration of a very old building. No, it's not "restored to 1900s grandeur" (nor do they claim that) but it's completely comfortable and definitely not visually sterile like most hotels today. Our room had a very comfortable bed and a much less comfortable sofabed ( but all sofabeds are). Decor was older style but fully maintained - in other words older furniture but in great shape. They've done alot with crown molding but the modern walls in the rooms (ie. textured wallboard) look a bit out of place in parts. The bathrooms are perfectly OK. Ours has a long tub (much longer than most hotel tubs). I normally shower but took the opportunity for two nice soaks in the tub - becuase I can. Hotel service has been friendly and good. They serve a continental breakfast that could be a little more variety. There is free wifi, which works well but was not super-fast. Biggest negative - the floors squeak. And I mean WOW do they squeak. Our floor is hardwood with area rugs, and each step could wake the dead, or at least your sleeping companions. Important - many earlier reviewers complained about the street noise. The hotel claimed they were installing noise-abatement windows in street-facing rooms. Verdict: the hotel did as claimed, and the windows work great. We face the street and see the traffic but hear almost nothing. Other reviewers have pointed out that there is no elevator. One reviewer even complained that "the last thing you want to do after a day of walking is climb 5 flights of stairs". That complaint is a little unfair as this hotel has only 3 floors, hence 2 flights of stairs. It's really a non-issue. The location is awesome - with lots of great restaurants just steps away. Don't underestimate the value of this in a city where parking is difficult and expesnive. The hotel does charge $25 a day for valet parking with unlimited in/out but in 3 nights we always found free street parking nearby (but I think we lucked out a bit on that). I would stay here again - read the other reviews, but remember that old doesn't mean shabby,