When people ask if we will stay at this hotel again, I would say yes. Just be more careful which room to be in. I stayed at MarQueen for 4 nights for business trip. Although some of the review was mentioning about noise, we thought having a spacious comfortable room was important. When we arrived, there were one couple before us, and they were asked if they prefer quiet room. They took the quiet room on 3rd floor. When we were checking in, the front desk person did not ask our preference... I just let it go, and took the room she gave us. Which turned out to be the direct across the noisy bar on 2nd floor room 204. It wasn't very noisy when we checked in around 4 pm. It was Wed. The noise from the bar started around 9 pm and ended around 2:30 am. Even though the window was shut, it could still hear the screaming guys and gals smoking outside the bar. I believe the hotel knew the noise problem from the bar, because there were set of ear plugs in the snack basket for the guest. We had to use ear plugs for the night. It was still weekday, I could not imagine how noisy the weekend will be!!! Next morning we changed to quiet room on 3rd floor facing backside of the building. Rest of the stay was wonderful. It is a funny thing... although we had loud noise problem, I still think staying at this hotel gave us sense of living in seattle. And we loved it. Maybe because the hotel is kind like an apartment, you feel like living there. Having a kitchen and dining area was very nice. It was very nice to have separate living area with sofa and coffee table. One more thing... if you have a car, parking around the hotel will be tough! There are a lot of restriction for street parking. You should expect to pay $20 per day for valet parking at hotel. You will be able to take car in and out through out the day. but you also pay tip to valet parker. When I went to downtown to meet my husband, I walked to monorail just about 10 min nice walk from the hotel. Once you take monorail, it only takes 2 min to get to Westlake Shopping Center which is the center of downtown. If you decided to stay at MarQueen, avoid room on 2nd floor facing the street. If you want to have quiet room, ask for 3rd floor facing the back side of the building. You will have a little bit of the space needle in view from the window. I noticed that 2nd floor facing back has no view at all. They are looking at wall of next building which is very sad...