Stayed for 2 nights recently w/the BF & couldn't believe how awesome everything was! As I'm an Entertainment Card member, was able to book the room for 50% off the rack rate, which was still over 20% off the seasonal rate, and there was no fee or penalty for cancellation. The hotel is actually attached to Westlake Center, which is located directly over the Westlake Transit Tunnel, through which not only the LINK rail from Sea-Tac is connected but also several city & suburban express busses pass through. As we'd arrived on the Amtrak, it was a quick (FREE!) ride from the station to the hotel. We arrived a couple of hours prior to check-in but the front desk was very accommodating & gave us a room immediately, with the offer that if we had any issues w/noise or location that they'd willingly move us to a different room. As the hotel's website said, it's decorated in a traditional style so if you're looking for ultra modern, this won't be for you. However, the decor didn't matter to us as much as location, comfort & service and this hotel has all of those in spades! The room is exactly per their website's "Classic Guestroom" photo: generously proportioned w/a separate walk-in closet w/safe, full entertainment armoire, work desk & seating area, the bed linens were wonderful (altho the mattress was a little too soft for my liking), and the bathroom was a decent size too. Their toiletries are very high quality Gieves & Hawkes, which I really appreciated! I also like that their shower curtain rail is curved out so there's no icky wet curtain to stick to your skin. There's plenty of counter space for personal wash bags as well. There's in-room wifi which requires a password (changed monthly) but that's already on a card w/in the room. The signal wasn't always @ full bars but never dropped. I would comment however that there's no fan in the bathroom so the mirrors get foggy, and that the towel rack/bar is located @ the back of the tub/shower enclosure itself & there's only 2 hooks which are installed @ the top of the bathroom door, thus the towels get a bit damp after a shower. Also, when I was trying to hang my towel after showering I either had to hang it over the tub (awkward reach) or jump up to try & catch the door hooks (I'm 5' tall). I would really suggest to the hotel to look @ installing some extra bars/hooks to separate the new/dry towels, which already take up all the space on the existing rack, from used/wet towels elsewhere in the bathroom. The concierge & doormen were really helpful w/dining & shopping suggestions, and due to some pretty wacky weather, we were glad to take advantage of the complimentary umbrellas which were available to guests. We didn't eat in Andaluca but did order an American Breakfast room service to share (yay for US portions!) which was very delicious & delivered promptly on a sturdy wooden tray w/linens & cutlery. We were able to request a late checkout and when I mentioned some noise from the "Occupy Seattle" demonstrations, the lady said we should've told them as they would have happily moved us to a room on the other side of the hotel. The noise wasn't a big deal when the windows were closed tho so I didn't feel like a complaint needed to be made. All in all, the Mayflower Park Hotel is definitely on our list when we visit Seattle again!