My wife and I opted to break from our usual chain stays to take in this hotel, because it is ideally situated close to the Pike Place Market and the Monorail. I can't speak positively enough about the location. It is in or near the center of everything touristy. The price is competitive with the chains in the market, and it's worth it to eschew earning points for a more convenient and frankly nicer room. Upon the advice of some of the other reviewers, we opted for a double queen room over the standard queen room to get more space. For an extra $20 nightly, we got two queen beds, room to spread out and two full bathrooms. The view of the surrounding area is terrific from the room, and the air condition in our room is above average. The service was prompt, gracious, and appreciative. The valet was prompt and eager. The classic elegance of the lobby and attention upon check in are not to be missed. The room itself was clean and updated. There are no plugs above desk level (important if you travel with several electronic devices), but plugs located above baseboard level all around the room more than make up for this. The HD Visio television in the room was not overly large but does the job. Curtains can be closed completely. The bed is hard, but not overbearingly so. Not great for a bad back, but it won't leave you immobilized like some other chain beds. The bathrooms are satisfactory. However, the shower head is difficult to deal with if you're taller than 5' 4" and would be unusable for an extended stay if you are exceptionally tall (they are fine, however, for persons of size). The bathrooms in our room were not vented, and that lends to giving the rooms a dirtier appearance. It appears as if the walls in the rooms and their respective doors had been neither painter nor cleaned in quite some time. Skip the room service from Oliver's. Delivery was prompt and the price was reasonable but the food was not very good. For those of us who are late risers, the noon check out time is appreciated. Don't let the negatives distract you from the overwhelming positives, unless you are over 6' tall, however. The location is fantastic, the rooms themselves are really well done, the lobby exudes elegance and the view is fantastic from the upper floors.