Stayed at the Mayflower with a family group in town for a wedding. In all we had 6 rooms, 3 generations. The hotel is very well located and is a very nice small hotel. The rooms and the lobby appear to have been renovated fairly recently. The lobby is small but nicely appionted. The restaurant is very nice - reasonably priced with well above average food. My wife and I requested a deluxe queen. The hotel only advertised that they had 3 types of rooms - Standard queen, Deluxe queen (larger) and Double queen. Upon arrival were were put into a King room (the clerk explained that they only have about a half dozen king rooms) Our room was very large - could have accomodated another King with adaquate walking room remaining. The double queen rooms appeared somewhat more cramped, with limited space next to the beds. As is common in older hotels, electric outlets is a bit of a challenge. No extra power near the bed, and we had to rotate power supplies to keep a laptop, cell phone and blackberry's all charged. One significant negative is the very VERY small bathrooms. A tub, sink and camode with room to stand is all you get. Nice shampoo and conditioner in large wall mounted pump bottles in the shower, a bar of soap and towels. No extras. My mother in law complained that there was nowhere to hang a towel - the only towel bar is in over the bathtub. The only other significant complaint is that the 2 very small elevators are inadaquate to service the 10 floor hotel. 4 - 5 minute waiting times were normal during peak hours. Each elevator can handle only 6 people at a time so arriving at the lobby to find 10 people waiting (happened more than once in our week long stay) resulted in an unacceptable wait. One other point to note - the matresses are rather firm. Great for my wife, not so great for me. I would probably stay here again, the location, amazing service and charm are worth the small bathroom. I would prearrange a 2nd or 3rd floor room however so I could avoid the elevators.