I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. But the place does have its pluses and minuses. Positives- 1) Great service- as far as bellhops/valet, and housekeeping go. Getting the car was relatively quick, never a long wait (and supposedly the hotel was fully booked the time we were there) The room was always cleaned on a timely basis. One time we thought we lost our phone (after we had already come up the room) so the valet searched our car for us and even pulled our car up and helped us look for it again. 2) Location-Short walk to Pike Place Market and connected to the Westlake Center (monorail/stores/food court) 3) The king suite was spacious with a refrigerator and wet bar (convenient to bring back drinks since there is a Walgreens and Rite Aid about 2 blocks away), 2 tv's, and 2 thermostats (one for the bedroom and one for the sofa area) Negatives- 1) Noise level-note from the other rooms but from the street below (Our room sat right at the corner of Olive and 4th) I don't know how it is from the higher floors (the hotel is only 12 stories tall) but being on the lower floors you will defintely hear road noise from buses and cars (worse if you open the window). If you are a light sleeper make sure you ask for a high room. The noise didn't bother me but I didn't need an alarm in the morning with all the buses passing by. 2)No safe in the room-I though all hotels had one 3)Only 2 elevators-Not really a big deal, but they are slow and the staff also use the same elevators so at times you will wait (but again not too bad unless you're impatient) and the elevator are on the small side 4)Not stroller friendly-there are 2 entrances into the hotel one of which is a flight of like 10 steps (the main entrance)so you have to use the other entrance on the other side. And the connection to the Westlake Center is on the Mezzanine Level where you also have to go up about 15 stairs. (and again the elevator is small. 5)Less chance of getting a good view-Remember there are only 12 floors and I think you have to be on the upper floors if you want to see the water or Space Needle. Compared to the Westin across the street which is super tall and I'm sure you have a better chance of getting a better view (I'm not too much into views so I was okay with looking at the street) Overall I was very pleased with the room and the hotel and wouldn't mind staying here again.