I have been living in this cute, little hotel once a month for about 3 years now (3-12 day stays over the last three years), so this might be somewhat biased. I reside here for business reasons, so the free WiFi is much appreciated. The rooms are small as American hotels go, so if you like larger rooms, go elsewhere. Even the suites (I've stayed in almost all the rooms at this point) are small. However, the warmth of the staff over the years (with little turn-over, actually) and the coziness of both the connected bar, Oliver's (one of the best Martini bars in Seattle- a MUST!!! even if you don't stay here) and Andaluca restaurant, which is pricey but tastey (free wine tastings on Wednesdays) are sometimes worth the small rooms. The hotel is conveniently located near several restaurants and many stores: Macy's (they give you discounts for this former Bon Marche at the hotel), Nordstroms, Abercrombie, Sophora, etc. The hotel is connected to Westlake Mall (another convenience), and the monorail is on the top floor that can take you to the Space Needle, park, and Experience Music. The Simpson's did a take-off on this one minute monorail, another part of Seattle life. Each room is carpeted with an armoir that contains a t.v. and drawers for whatever, no mini-bar. The beds are quite comfortable, and a.c. or heat are generally in good working order. If you're uncomfortable, go down to the desk and let them know- they will re-accomodate you. The restrooms are nice, but have limited space just above the sink on a glass railing to place personal items. Aveda products (shampoo, conditioner, soap, and body lotion) are provided as complimentary items. Showers are somewhat narrow, so it help to put the rubber mat on the floor. All closets are a very nice size with thin, cloth robes provided. Of course, very Seattle-esque, there is a Tully's on one corner and Starbucks just behind the hotel. I have read many of the reviews thus far, and I agree with all of them; however, one must remember that Seattle is the Emerald City, and people operate on a completely different level than in other parts of the country; it's part of the charm (and sometimes healthy tension). Having lived in New York, L.A., Dallas, and Houston, it was culture shock at first, but then it became delightlful and the source of good laughter. I got a good laugh from the review before mine about the guy not knowing how to make coffee- that's so Seattle. Yes, phone servce in the hotel is not the best, but Seattle people like face to face, and the responsibilities of that SMALL front desk with that many rooms and people wearing two hats is difficult.... Just relax. The lobby is GORGEOUS! A huge chandelier hanging in the front with fresh slowers put in often. The 2nd lobby floor (that connects to Westlake) contains a player piano and great sitting area fo meetings. Meeting rooms are great at his hotel, which is often the host to social events, from weddings to other celebrations. My only complaint is about the elevators: they are certainly large enough, but since the wait staff, maids, etc. use them, they often take a LONG LONG time to get to the lobby. Just go the bar, get a Martini, then catch it when you can. Make sure to visit restaurants along the Sound. The concierge (Derrick these days) is excellent, and they can get you deals that sometimes you can't- every conciege at this hotel has been both brilliant and enthusiastically helpful.