This is a fantastic value for the money! I hesitated before trying it because of the negative reviews, but in my experience a 3.5 average TripAdvisor works for me, so I went for it. The only way one could be disappointed with this place is by having unrealistic expectations. I made my reservation directly through the hotel website, choosing the $52 "European" queen/single adult, which turned out to be Room 711 facing the water. I checked in on Saturday afternoon, after 2:30. The room itself, the sink and the linens were all perfectly clean in appearance, feel, and smell. The tap water tasted fine, although I let it run for a while before filling my glass since it's an old building. The decor is not worth mentioning but just to be complete here it is; hodgepodge cheap motel style, which by definition is unattractive, but it wasn't remarkably ugly. There were 3 sets of towels, 4 cups and 4 bars of soap. There's no clock, but you can ask for a wakeup call, or use the TV to keep track of time (reception wasn't great on all channels, but the news & weather were fine). The toilet across the hall was a little concrete cell, but it was clean. The full bathroom right around the corner was roomy, clean, and dry. I didn't use the sink because I had one in my room, but I had no problem getting plenty of hot water for my shower. The water pressure could have been stronger, but it was adequate. I never had to wait for the toilet or the shower, nor did I have people waiting after me to use them. There were some rowdy neighbors late Saturday night, which I expected, but I'm an easy sleeper so it didn't bother me. There was some street/city noise from outside, but nothing extraordinary if you've ever lived in an urban setting. My time in the room was spent either getting ready to go out or to sleep... I wasn't around to experience noise from the theater downstairs, so I can't comment on that. The homeless are very direct in downtown Seattle, but they're also quite "professional" so it's not that big a deal. My impression was that they were just exercising their right to ask me for money and in turn, they respected my right to say no. I really enjoyed my stay because it was no fuss, no frills, and no ugly surprises, so I could concentrate on other things. Even though it was inexpensive, I never felt, "Oh no, I should have splurged on better accommodations!" which has definitely happened to me before. I'm going to stay at The Moore again on my next Seattle trip.