If you want a comfortable, affordable place to stay with your family while visiting Seattle, you can't beat the Moore. If you want the Ritz, make your reservations somewhere else. There were nine of us in our family group. Grandparents, children, ages 7 and 8, parents and aunts and uncles. We arrived on AMTRAK at 10:00 PM on a Friday night and walked all the way to the Moore Hotel. It was a weekend so there was plenty of activity on the streets and we felt perfectly safe. Lots of couples walking together. If it is night and your are a single woman, or it is raining I would suggest a cab. It is about a twelve block walk from the train station. A little bit more if you are taking in the Mariners or Seahawks. During the day we walked everwhere. Pike Street Market was just two blocks away, so you can get up early in the morning and head down to get a cup of coffee and watch everyone set up before the crowds arrive. Tully's and Starbucks one block away. I patronized the Starbucks in the morning for our coffee and cocoa and a few pastries. Friendly young lady working in there that remembered me each morning as I came stumbling thru the door. The Athenian at Pike Street serves an affordable family style breakfast. Also CJ's on 1st was a good family restaraunt. It was about 5 blocks from the Moore. The guys in our party found a large army surplus store a few blocks away on 1st. Seattle Center with the Space Needle and Science Center was a close enjoyable walk. We met people at the Moore who were walking up to 6th Ave to take in the jazz music. Beds were comfortable. Bathroom had plenty of towels and a good shower. We had two rooms to accomodate all of us. Room 424 had two rooms with a total of 5 beds. Windows aren't spotless, but they open so you can get a cool breeze. It was warm while we were there, not sure how warm the rooms would be if it is chilly outside. If you want lots of peace and quiet this might not be for you. Street was noisy till about 2 or 3 AM. We were all tired from our busy days so it didn't bother us. About 6:00 AM the city comes alive again. We had a small view of Elliot Bay from our room. Did not have a chair to sit in so we could look at the view. I did meet one gentleman in the elevator at 7 in the morning who was grumbling about having to feed the parking meter so early. Sounds like that is a Seattle downfall. Staff was very friendly and had our key ready for us when we would return from an outing. Only one key per room, so we left it with the front desk when we went out. I can't wait to go back! Even if I went back by myself as a single woman, I would stay at the Moore.