The hotel is in a great location that was within walking distance to everything! Great shopping, pike market, good restaurants, and the waterfront. Also the area was very safe! We walked around at night with no worries!The hotel is also in the free transit zone, so you can take a bus around downtown for free! We got the queen superior room, and although it wasn't huge it comfortably fit two people and two large suitcases. The rooms were clean and the beds were VERY comfy! The only complaints are that the walls were thin and the elevator was loud. We could hear the people in the room next to us in the morning, but that was manageable. Our room was right across the hall from the elevator, but once we fell asleep you didn't hear it, and the hotel didn't attract a crowd of young partiers who came in really late at night. The staff at check-in (9:00pm) at the front desk, weren't that pleasant, and kind of rude, but the rest of the staff for the remainder of our trip was very cheerful and helpful. A big plus of the hotel is that they held our luggage for the day after we checked out, until we left for the airport, for free! Seattle's Best Coffee in the hotel was great! It made the whole hotel smell wonderful in the morning, and was a great way to get the morning started! The restaurant in the hotel was very good. The sushi was amazing! other great restaurants were steamers which is right on the waterfront, and shuckers which is in the Fairmont Olympic next door. Both of these restaurants had 2-for-1 coupons in the entertainment book, which was an added bonus on top of the amazing food! Although the hotel isn't a stop on any of the airport shuttles, Grayline Shuttle stops at the Fairmont Olympic Hotel, which is not even half a block away! you can pay an extra $5 to get dropped off at the door of the hotel, but you can easily walk from the Fairmont. Also Grayline was alot cheaper than a taxi, and came every 15 minutes which was very convient! All in all the hotel was excellent for the amount that we paid! We were on a tight budget, but wanted to stay somewhere that was clean and comfy and in a safe area, and the Executive Pacific provided everything that we could have wanted! We would definately stay here again, and recommend it to everyone!