My sister and I spent two days in Seattle and stayed at the Executive Pacific Plaza Hotel. We chose this hotel because it was affordable and in a prime location. For travelers who are only going to be using thier hotel room to sleep and shower, this is a great choice. It is not a luxury hotel, but a practical choice for active tavelers. Here's what we thought of the hotel: PROS: -Location, location, location. The hotel is across the street from the stunning Seattle Library, and within walking distance of Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square, and the waterfront. -Affordable. Of all the downtown hotels we looked at this was the least expensive. -Friendly staff. The front desk attendants helped us make the most of our stay by recommending restaurants and calling taxis. Also, they offer complimentary maps, and will loan you an umbrella to use for the day. -Newly renovated. The hotel is certainly old, but they have made an effort to update the look with new modern furnishings. The down comforters on the bed were wonderful! -Clean. Although there was a faint smell of old smoke in the hall, our room and bath was neat and clean. I saw no signs of mold or dirt. CONS: -It's Small. The lobby, the rooms, the bathrooms--they're all small. My sister and I were able walk around comfortably, but there's certainly no extra space. I think it would feel cramped if there were more than two guests in a room. -It's a Buget Hotel. Travelers who are used to the luxury of larger resort hotels will be dissapointed. However, as I've said before, if you're only using the hotel room to sleep and shower, it's more than adequate. -It's Old. While they have made an effort to revamp the hotel, there's no hiding the fact that the building itself is old. There was a faint smell of old smoke in the halls and the doors have obviously been painted many times. Carpet, furniture, and bathroom fixtures, however, are new. -Street noise. While street noise will be a problem in any downtown hotel, this hotel doesn't have the thicker windows that many of the newer hotels are installing. The noise wasn't enough to keep us from sleeping. Overall, a great pick if you're looking for a clean, affordable place to crash before hitting the town again. If you're looking for something luxurious or romantic, this probably isn't the place for you. Hope this helps! Enjoy Seattle!