My wife bid for a two night stay (10-12 March 2012) at Priceline.com as a surprise for my birthday and this is the hotel we were booked into. No problem with the reservation - everything was as advertised. Arrived around dinnertime on Saturday 10-March - check-in went fine...UNTIL we found out how much they intended on charging for parking - $30/day plus $6 car charge + other taxes. Shocking, and took an ok deal into the "meh" category and I have big problems paying $40 to park my car. Chris and Christina were manning the front desk that evening, and couldn't have been more understanding and nice about it. Christina upgraded us to a "Corner King" as a gesture for my b-day, and dealt with our parking sticker shock as well in a very natural, kind, customer-oriented manner that turned a potential disaster into a better-than-average experience in less than 10 mins. My wife and I can not say enough about the customer-service attitude about the staff at this hotel - simply phenomenal and Chris/Christina deserve special mention for going "over and above". The hotel is a VERY tall building located right on the I-5 - we were facing the freeway on the 11th floor and the roar from the highway was non-stop and very noticeable (they were booked solid that weekend and couldn't get us a higher room, on the east side). Strongly, STRONGLY suggest that you request a high room on the West side of the hotel as soon as you book - the noise from the freeway was pretty bad though continuous so except for the trucks and sirens it turned into white noise after a while. Public spaces are very nice, even luxurious - reminds me of the Four Seasons in NY in terms of style. Pool was closed and didn't use the weight room. Location (except for the freeway) is fine - it's in the "NoCharge" zone for public transit and it's a 20-25 min walk to Pike Place Market from the hotel. Steep hill going up Madison - go up Pike to 6th St and turn right and you'll have a much easier time of it if you are physically challenged. Room was ok, nothing spectacular (though spotlessly clean). Coffee maker, king-sized bed in a separate room, two wide-screen TVs, very spacious room. Decor a bit dated but again very clean and just fine for a couple of days, or even more than that. It's a good option for downtown Seattle but research parking VERY carefully before booking here or you could be very unhappy.