As people have described, right off the highway in front of a one way street. In terms of hotels, very comparable to the Westin and Sheraton. Location Not much around the hotel, except for the highway and a Bartell Drugs 2 blocks down on 4th avenue. This huge store is a great place to get almost anything you need (snacks, toys, toiletries, organic milk!). And yes, it is a steep hill down to the water, so watch out when it's raining because it can get slippery! Pike Market is 15-20 minute walk away, all down hill. The Sheraton is about 10-15 minutes away to Market, so just a tad closer. When you're coming back to the hotel from the Market, definitely go up Pike Street to avoid the steep incline, it's more gradual (turn right on 6th avenue to hit the hotel). It's a pleasant walk through City Center with all its shops and restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, HMV, Ross, etc). Definitely on the outskirts of downtown, it'll be a walk to hit the popular areas. If you want to be right in the middle of the action as soon as you leave the front door, stay at the Sheraton. We didn't mind the location. Parking As with all other hotels in Seattle, you pay for it. Self park is in a secure garage (in and out privileges with your room key- all automated) is $30 plus tax ($36 total). One night we overheard that self parking was full and only valet was available. The garage seemed secure enough. Plus, there's one elevator (kind of small) that takes you straight up to the lobby. Check In Smooth, accepted my request for a room away from the highway as per other posts suggestions. Room Located on the 15th floor, views of the apartment building across from us. Good people watching. They had their blinds open, so we could see them making dinner, watching tv, etc. Nice apartments! Good size, comparable with Westin and Sheraton. Very nice decor, modern dark woods. Flat screen TV. We requested 2 doubles. Bathroom was standard sized, very clean. We liked the Aveda products. Unfortunately no free Wi-Fi. Beds were fine, no major complaints. Lobby Live band Friday night in the lounge area. Packed with people. Concierge was nice, let us borrow an umbrella. Overall Good hotel. Quality of room and hotel is good, on par with other 4 star hotels in the area. Only thing is that you're a bit far from the action. If you're ok with that, then this place is totally fine. We wouldn't mind staying here again.