Stayed at the Renaissance Hotel during the Easter weekend with a friend. Booked a double room with 2 beds. On arrival we were told all the two bed - rooms were sold out (due to a anime convention in Seattle I would guess) so they offered to upgrade us to a junior suite (Corner King Guest Room) with a king bed and we had no problem with that. Us girls don't mind sharing a big bed. The room was spacious, cozy and clean - no complaints there. Room was on 11th floor. Some traffic noise yes, but we slept like babies because we were tired from all the shopping and walking around. Loved the bed! The breakfast buffet was good. Ok selection of warm and cold breakfast foods. On second morning (Sun) there was an omelette bar, but we didn't try it. If you go to breakfast around 10am you might have to wait for a table for a bit. We got a table right away on both mornings there, but on the second morning we got the last available table, so the people who came after us, had to wait for one, but it didn't take long. The service at the Renaissance was brilliant. The maid slipped a card under the door on our first morning when we had the "little privacy please" sign on the door, asking us to inform her when we would like to have our room serviced. We saw her when we left for breakfast and asked her when she might have time to do our room. She offered to do it right away, while we were out having breakfast, even though she was in the middle of cleaning the room next door. The person who gets top marks from us is Richard, who greeted us at the front desk when checking in and out. We absolutely adored him. He was always so friendly and helpful towards us - he e.g. helped us change our bus reservation to an earlier departure time on Sunday morning, when we were leaving back to Vancouver. Such a lovely guy!! The location of the hotel was ok in our mind. You had to walk a bit though to get to Pike Place Market for example, but if you don't mind walking it's a good location (about 5 blocks from Pike St.). BUT note that the hotel is located on a massive(!!) hill so if you're in a crappy shape (like I am ;D) you will have a hard time climbing that loooong steep hill back to the hotel after a days shopping and walking around downtown. Just bear that in mind :D But all in all we had a really lovely stay and we would definitely go back to Renaissance hotel.