We are frequent visitors to Seattle. Once or twice per month I take my teenage daughter for shopping and mother-daughter quality time together. This time, I booked our hotel through Hotwire for $88 (including fees and taxes $108). It was described as 4 star hotel close to Pike Place and shopping. It was not as close to Pike Place as stated on the website but about 10-15 mins walking distance. I believe everything in Seattle downtown is walking distance. Luckily, we do not mind walking. Conveniently located on Madison st and 6th Ave, and right off of the freeway so we should not navigate through the downtown traffic. We stayed at this hotel one Saturday night. The check-in was fast and receptionist was very friendly. The lobby was spacious, modern and nicely decorated. We got a room on the 16th floor with freeway and city view. The room was spacious, as well, with two comfortable double beds, nice modern decorations and was very clean. Amenities included mini-fridge, flat screen TV, desk with Internet connection for a daily rate of $13 and complimentary coffee-tea station. I tried both caf and decaf coffee  very good roasted coffee. I really liked the idea of one-time use coffee holders. It was very neat. With 5 or 6 types of different sweeteners, I was a little bit disappointed to not find just regular brown sugar. Good coffee deserves something better than sweetener. The restroom was also modern and clean. Shampoo/soap/conditioner were of decent quality. The only thing lacking were the shower caps. I am in love with swimming, so immediately I went to check on their swimming pool. The pool, whirlpool and fitness center are located on 28th floor. The fitness center has cardiovascular equipment, weights, and treadmills, and was mostly deserted. The pool to my disappointment was not deep enough. Max depth was 48 or so. One can walk but not swim. The whirlpool was full, so I did not try either of them. We didn't try any of the hotels lounges or restaurants, so I cannot quote on their bar or restaurants. I found only 2 downsides of this hotel: 1. Parking. $30 for self-parking (with taxes $36) per night. Parking is narrow and has limited spaces, I found one empty spot almost at the very end. Parking in Seattle on the weekends is free starting Saturday after 6pm. I saw a couple of free parking spots right under my window. So it really is possible to find free parking close to this hotel (if you are staying on the weekend, of course). 2. Thin walls. We had a very noisy couple and I was embarrassed to hear it in front of my daughter. In general we enjoyed our short stay in this hotel and definitely will stay again. Please read more of my reviews and see more pictures on goaroundglobe.com