I didn't want to stay at the Renaissance due to it's distance from the Convention Center, but I'm glad I did. The six block walk to the convention center is all downhill and gives one the opportunity to check out the shopping and fine dining along the way. Upon my arrival, I was greeted by the friendly and courteous staff. And I must say the staff was excellent during my entire stay. The door men, concierge, even the bartenders were knowledgeable and helpful with any and every question I had regarding Seattle. In particular, the concierge, Jean-Paul, provided excellent advice regarding fine dining. I needed to entertain several business associates, and Jean-Paul directed me to an excellent restaurant and secured a table for us without a reservation. Fantastic service. My business associates were very pleased. I can't recall a single instance in which a staff member was not eager and ready to assist me. A job well done to the Renaissance Seattle. Also, the food was excellent. I did not dine at the Visions lounge which is the restaurant/bar on the top floor, but I spent quite a bit of time at the lobby bar. Lunch starts at noon, and it's fantastic. The quality of the food is excellent and worth the premium one usually pays for dining at the hotel. After a disappointing lunch at the Cheesecake Factory, I had a splendid meal at the lobby bar. My compliments to the chef. I stayed in a standard room without any complaint. The accommodation was roomy with a soft bed and an ample selection of pillows to choose from (soft to extra firm). Unlike other premium hotels I have stayed at, the "Do Not Disturb" sign actually worked. On the days I decided to sleep in, I did not receive any hostile calls from housekeeping asking me if I wanted my room cleaned. If I slept in, I wasn't disturbed. And when I returned in the evening, I came back to clean towels and a freshly made bed. Fantastic! The service and quality was excellent and well worth the daily room rate. Though they don't tell you up front, there is free internet access in the lobby (including bar and lounge area). If you are staying in downtown Seattle, this is a wonderful hotel.