My husband and I just stayed at this Renaissance last week while vacationing on the West coast. The renovations appear to be done, for anyone who is wondering. Our first room was a king bed, corner suite located on the 10th floor and it faced the incredibly busy I-5 interchange. We asked to be switched to another room the next evening - the roar of the highway was just too much - and thankfully they accommodated this request. Our second room was a standard king that faced the city and was on the 16th floor. MUCH QUIETER. If you are a light sleeper, ask for a room away from the interstate. The hotel was very large, businesslike, and bustling at all hours so if you're looking for a romantic, cozy feel, this might not be the one for you. As far as location is concerned, the other reviewers are correct when they say that this hotel is located on one of the steepest hills in Seattle. Ladies, do not try to wear heels on Madison Avenue or you will bust your booty! Just be a bit strategic and cut up or down a street as there are others that are not as steep (or take a cab). Overall the hotel was located close enough to the sites that we wanted to see that we walked most days/nights. We did use the monorail at one point to get from the Space Needle area closer to our hotel's location and that worked great. Cabs were readily available outside of the hotel (lined up on 6th Ave). The rooms themselves are everything you would expect from a high-end Marriott. Granite countertops, lush linens, fine bath products... My only gripe is that the bathroom doors (in both rooms) are sliders and they did not close all the way; there was a 1" gap between the door jamb and the slider! Nor was there a fan in the ceiling or a lock on the door! So if you are on a business trip and must share a room, you may want to seriously consider another hotel. Or if you are on a "new hot date getaway" this is a possible deal-breaker. The bar upstairs (Visions Lounge) was fine for drinks and had spectacular views. Drinks were fairly priced. It was very hot in there when the sun was going down so perhaps they are having AC issues. The cafe downstairs served Starbucks and had a pretty decent selection of muffins, pastries, and fruit. A fully-stocked drugstore is located two blocks down on 4th and Madison. Overall we would return but we would certainly ask for a room away from the highway interchange.