When my husband and I were booking a hotel for our recent trip to Seattle, we tried to book the Grand Hyatt and Hyatt Olive 8 because we've stayed at both before and found them to be exceptional. We were very disappointed to find that both hotels were full for the nights we wanted. My husband suggested that we try the Hilton, reminding me that it was closer to much of the "action" - Pike's Market, shopping, Safeco Field (well, that is about a half hour walk away), We booked our two night stay online. One of the options was to book a room which gave us access to the Executive Lounge (room price was around $210 Canadian - internet and parking extra). When we arrived, we went for a drink to unwind after our day of travel. The Executive Lounge had a great selection of appetizers (free of charge) and reasonably priced drinks. Unfortunately, we had other plans for our second day and we didn't get back to the lounge. The room also included breakfast both days. We were given the choice of ordering from the menu or going to the buffet. The buffet had a good selection of breakfast food (eggs, sausage, bacon, breads of all varieties, cereal, etc.) but also had cold meats, fruit and some fantastic lox to go with your bagels and cream cheese. The service was fantastic - they were quick to bring us our own coffee pot and the staff was extremely polite and helpful. The hotel is undergoing some renovations (most seem complete) but they didn't interfere with our pleasant stay. Our only concern was that parking was at a premium. The first day we had no trouble finding space, but after arriving back at the hotel around 7:30 on the second day, it was so busy that the hotel manager was directing parking and we were directed to go to the 9th (and top) floor to find a spot. This was likely because it was a Saturday night and there was at least one wedding reception being held in the hotel. All in all, it was a wonderful stay and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, or to recommend this hotel to anyone!