I stayed at the Hilton Seattle for 8 days for work. The hotel is in a great location. Right in downtown, close to Pike Place Market, and all the major steakhouses. Great brewpub 2 blocks away called the Tap House, right across the street from Morton's. Tap house has 150 different beers on tap. Front desk staff was very helpful, as was the concierge. We asked the concierge to book 3 of us a table at Daniel's Broiler for dinner. She got us a table right by the window, and a free appetizer of 2 shrimp, 2 oysters, and 2 dungeness crab pieces. Nice! The woman at the front desk had me booked with a corner room, but when she saw how tall I was, she recommended the handicapped room, with the bigger bathroom. Try to get that room if they tell you that you have a corner room. One of my colleagues almost got stuck with a corner room. That room apparently has no desk (just a coffee table), and you need to be under 5'8" to use the shower! He ran right back down to the front desk to have a room change. I was charged $189 a night, AAA rate, for a standard king. Normal rate is $199 a night. Breakfast at the Top of the Hilton was great, but so expensive. $15 for the continental buffet, $22 for full hot buffet, and an a la carte menu as well. I didn't care too much since my company was paying, but take note of the prices. They serve a great Eggs Benedict. The food and the view was great from up there. Next to the front desk is the hotel bar and lounge. Very comfortable seating, and the bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable about the area. Room was clean, bed comfortable. Bathroom a great size. It had shampoo, conditioner, soap, and a hair dryer. I had a nice desk for my laptop. You can print to the hotel printer in the Business Center for free. It is located behind the concierge. There is an instruction card on the desk that tells you how to print there via a website called printspots.com, that will print to that printer. It came in handy for me when I wanted to print out several things. After you print your items, you go to the printer in the Business Center and type in the PIN you selected, and the items will print out for you whenever you want. You do not have do rush downstairs after you print out anything. The parking garage has a lot to be desired. Very tight corners, and tight spaces. I had rented a Dodge Charger, and I was a bit concerned. Just be wary of that. Hotel will get you for about $34 a day for in/out garage privileges. Also, make sure you know which floor you park your car on. I don't know how many times people walked off each floor to look for their car, and run back in the elevator, to go to the next floor! I was guilty of that too! Internet is $11 a day. Both wired and wireless worked fine from my room. On checkout, if you see a room charge on the last page of your bill called 'Shops,' don't be alarmed. That's the total of your Internet charges. I was alarmed myself, until the front desk called Accounting to allay my fears. All in all, a good experience.