I stayed at the Seattle Sheraton for a long weekend in June, 2011. I met a close friend that needed to stay there to attend a conference at the conference center next door. Other than some glitches with the reservation process, I liked this property. I especially liked the location. It is downtown within walking distance to shops and restaurants. Across the street in one direction is the Cheesecake Factory and a movie theatre. Down a block is a shopping center with another movie theatre. As others have said, it is about a 5-10 minute walk down to Pike Place Market, where we bought flowers (and then had to search for a vase!) and Rainer cherries  yummm! There was a lot of hustle and bustle on a Friday in June. There is a small market up the street where you can buy wine and beer and munchies. If you want a full liquor store you have two choices each being about equal distance from the hotel and quite a longer walk. Keep in mind, when you get to the liquor store, they dont carry mixers, so you have to go back to the market! There is also at least one supermarket downtown right on your way down to Pike Place. I liked that you could opt out of daily cleaning service and by doing so, receive a $5 coupon to use toward dining at the hotel. I also appreciated that you could take things out of the mini-bar and put your things in and they didnt charge you for weight changes. We ate a couple of times at the in-house restaurant, The Daily Grill. Nice setting. We started out sitting in the bar lobby area which was very comfortable. The food was pretty good. My friend raved about the fish tacos which I wish I would have had the chance to try. I wasnt feeling well and had a Caesar salad which was marginal. I would definitely eat there again though and try some of the other choices  especially those fish tacos! Small annoyances: the little market downstairs in the lobby where they have food to go closes very early  4ish. It just would be nice to have something like this into the later hours. Also, I wasnt feeling well our second day and thought the chicken soup on their expensive room service menu might be just the thing. Their room service food is provided by their on-site restaurant, The Daily Grill. It stands to reason then that it should be available at the restaurant itself. This wasnt the case. They only had lentel soup that day in the restaurant and when I asked about the chicken soup, they said that was only room service. Hmmm.doesnt really make sense to me. I wont bore you with all the details, but I had some unusual difficulties with my reservations. I had a morning of pacing, on hold with the reservation center, while they tried to figure out why my original reservation was replaced by a one night stay and, because they were completely booked didnt know if they could get me in. Yikes! I ended up talking with the Sheraton Seattle reservation person who got me a room. Everyone that I talked to within reservations was friendly and helpful, but somehow in the process of getting this booked one person made a major mistake. Whether they knew this or not, I dont know, but check-in was nice in that they had already made sure that my friend and I had rooms across the hall from each other. Somehow I didnt get my king room that I had reserved, but ultimately I was happy that we had rooms close to each other and werent on different floors or, worse yet, in different towers. On an aside, my friend had some big problems with her room. She got to the hotel after I did and just dropped her stuff in her room so we could go downstairs and have drinks. Lots of catching up later and back in her room, she noticed many things that didnt add up and looked like someone hadnt completely cleaned the room or someone had gotten in and used the facilities. Creepy feeling for her. The front desk was perplexed too and compensated my friend with free wi-fi. Which brings me to a complaint, not just for this hotel, but for so many of the large, nicer hotels. Why isnt wi-fi free? It seems ridiculous to me to pay for it in this day and age. With my Mi-Fi and iphone, I dont really NEED it, but still. I also wish you could see their room service menu online before staying there. I did a thorough search and couldnt find anything other than some blogs about it. As a sometimes anxious traveler, I like to know what is available before I get there. All in all, I would stay here again. I really liked the location and my room was quiet and comfortable.