This is a wonderful location for business and pleasure. The room was fair, nothing special. Our view was of other building...not great. The maid service was good. The swimming pool says 4.5 feet , well if it was 3.5 I would be surprised! Could not really swim there. However the workout room looked nice and overlooked the city we did not use it. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't say anything about that. The AC did not work very well, I had to put it on 64 degrees just to keep it cool enough to sleep. The towels were very small and thin. They only give you two for two people....what is it about bathing don't they understand? Lucky I brought my own snacks, because the cost of a candy bar or bag of chips in the room was $3.50 WOW. The mini bar was nice but there again very expensive. We got the key to the mini bar and put our own fruit and drinks in it. The location could not have been better; I could walk to the Pike Street Market and shop, have lunch or dinner. Easy walk and always a great experience no matter where I ate. The market really does not open completely until 10:00 am. However you can go to the Crumpets shop for breakfast as early as 7 am. Oh my and if you like Crumpets this is the place for you, I choise the ricotta and blackberry...could not say enough about it. I needed a drug store and close by on Pike Street was a Walgreens, however there appeared to be a lot of homeless people hanging out here. That did not bother me, but for some maybe try a different area for a drug store. There were long lines and a tad of yelling going on in the store! Not to mention one of the fellows was very poorly bathed and I had a hard time getting near him. I would stay here again but I would just ask for a better view and I would ask for double the towels. Oh if you have to park a car get ready to pay! We thought we would forego the $43.00 parking fee of the hotel and park across the street in the parking garage because we got back at 9:30 pm. Well mistake! We had to pay $45.00 even though we only parked for 10 hours! there is a premium you have to pay to park there overnight! wow don't fall for the false sign that says 10-12 hrs 27.00! Not true and taxes are 9% on top of the parking fee. Just park at the hotel and forget about trying to find a bargain, there in not one in Seattle!