I attended a conference next to the Sheraton, but traveled with my man so that we could have a mini-vacation in between my conference attendance. We stayed in the tower on Pike Street. The location is excellent, right next to the Convention Center and within walking distance of everything. We used the Downtown Airporter Shuttle Service that we had booked ahead of time - definitely book that ahead of time - you have to catch the ride from the parking deck at the airport (confusing system). It did pick us up at 4:30 a.m. at the hotel to return to the airport, but the hotel staff are not friendly if you are using the Downtown Airporter Shuttle for some odd reason. Many people were trying to catch the early vans and the staff would not tell us where to wait (you have to go outside and wait on the street - not the drive of the hotel). You must have a reservation to catch a ride on the shuttle vans from the hotel to airport. Takes you right to the ticket counter door at Sea-Tac. There is free wireless in the lobby that was quite fast - the hotel concierge told me to put in my last name and room number - don't do that, that is only if you want to be charged for it in when you are in your room. There is 'lobby' access and 'guest access' one is a huge charge and one is free. I was able to get the free wireless one night in my room on the 19th floor and then another night I was able to get wireless from att.net which is the Roosevelt hotel nearby. The room was average at best, not as fancy as what you would expect for $200 a night, plus a $31 room tax charge. We had two double beds that were tiny, as in silly small. We are 5'2" & 5'7" respectively and even we thought the beds were small! I don't know how tall people use these beds. They were very comfortable though and obviously fit us. The room was super quiet and the safe in the room was huge - larger laptop fit in it easily along with purse and other items when needed. You get $5 a day vouchers for either the restaurant or snack stand in the hotel if you agree to skip housekeeping. Just realize this means no restock on soap, shampoo, or conditioner, and no fresh towels, no bed made, no trash emptied, NOTHING! Does keep people out of your room, though. Room looked old and could have used updating, fairly clean though. There is a cool ledge in the room that you could practically sleep on! It is a nice place to sit and look out over the city. There is a basket of food that sits out in the room with $3 candy bars, etc., wish they would lock that up like the mini-bar in the room, so that there is no mistaken charges for food that you don't eat. Seems weird to have a basket taking up so much room. Can't use the $5 vouchers for any of that food, which seems weird. When you check in they ask if you want a key to the mini-bar, but then leave out a basket of expensive snacks. Pool was next to the work-out room on the 35th floor. Work-out area is more than adequate. The pool was okay, bit chilly for an indoor pool and quite small - about the size of what you would expect for a kiddie pool. Deepest point was 4'5". Hot tub was 'HOT', could barely stand it for more than a few minutes, plus the chlorine smell was so strong you felt like you were eating chlorine! Few chairs around the pool, but lots of towels, which is nice if you don't have maid service for your room ;) We walked to The Market, Space Needle and two museums there (although you can walk about 2 blocks and take the Monorail for $2 a ride to Spaceneedle if you don't want to walk) as well as walked to the Safeco Stadium and caught a Mariner's game one night. We were able to catch a bus to the Flight Museum at 3rd and Union which was only a few blocks away. Go into the Convention Center and use the Visitor Center Desk there for directions and ideas on how to get around - that's how we learned how to take the 124 bus to the Flight Museum, as well as got a bus route map for that bus. Buy the CityPasses if you have a few days and want to see several attractions for minimal money - great value. For $60 we had admission to the Space Needle twice, Pacific Science Center Museum, Experience Music Project -museum (EMP), Flight Museum (where you can board Air Force One), Argosy Cruise around the harbor, and the Aquarium - we could have chosen the zoo over one of the attractions, but didn't. The front desk staff were very helpful, but the concierge wasn't helpful on where to take walks, run, etc. Use the Visitor Center Staff next door at the Convention Center. This hotel is near shopping and many places to eat - all price ranges.