Its my first time in Seattle and decided to stay at this hotel and I was very pleased with the whole staff, location and elegance of this hotel. Its a bit pricey but totally worth it. Let me start off with the huge lobby with ample seating area whether you just wanna hang out in the lounge, catch up with some reading or do some work. They have enough wall socket so you can charge your laptop. They also have a starbucks store on the first floor which is very convenient. THey have a nice restaurant and lounge bar on the first floor too. The hotel is only 5 blocks from the famous pike place market and is surrounded by shopping areas, restaurants and theaters. Just across the street and It is only a block or two to the freeway. I was able to leave my luggages at the concierge and walked around the area. They didnt give me any problem at all. We didnt even rent a car until the third day we were in downtown because we needed to go to the outlet store. Everything is walking distance from here. You can also take the monorail to the space needle or you can walk less than 2 miles. The cab fare is about $40 from here to the airport. There is no free parking here. They charged $40-45/day to park your car but you dont really need a car if your just wanna see downtown seattle. They provide umbrellas for your convenience too. The view in our room is not the greatest but it was compensated by the elegance of the hotel and friendly, accomodating staff. However, the bathroom doesnt have the best amenities, just the basic shampoo,lotion, soap. I was expecting more. The amenities/furnitures inside the room is not as posh compared to other 4 star hotels and compared to what they have in their lobby but The bed is very comfortable and the room is very clean. I didnt get the chance to use their pool and gym but its very clean and they have enough equipments. Overall, it is defintiely one of the nicest hotels in downtown seattle and I would love to stay here again. Its a hotel for both business and pleasure.