The hotel is located conveniently in the retail area of Seattle. It is within 5 minutes walking distance to Pacific Plaza, Macy's, and a heap of other department stores and retailers such as Banana Republic, Nike, Levi's etc. The lobby of the hotel is very bright and elegant. The front desk spans more than 10 metres and has several counters but there is a lack of staff at all stations - the front desk, concierge and bellman. Only one person worked at the front desk checking-in/checking-out more than 5 or 6 clients. The line was long and there was no one else to help; check-in was slightly slow and delayed. Furthermore, I visited the concierge and bellman desk but there was never any staff there to assist me - it became quite frustrating. What I found even more surprising was that the front desk, the concierge and bell man were not able to offer guests the facility to make any external phone calls (even toll-free calls) from their desk telephones because the telephones were only capable of in-house and emergency calls. Instead, they asked me to use the public pay telephones on level 2. The corridor in which the 3 pay telephones were situated was dark; I was slightly concerned of my safety especially since the whole floor was so empty. Another example of poor service was the lack of complimentary umbrellas. Unlike many other hotels such as the Fairmont and the Hyatt, this Sheraton did not offer any complimentary umbrellas. When I asked the gentleman on the guest services line, he just directed me to purchase one at their gift store. I found this rather annoying, especially when I was only going to be Seattle for one night and since it was pouring outside. I just settled without an umbrella. However, there are many positive points. The room was quite spacious, albeit that some of the furnishings and furniture are old (e.g. the light switches). There are tea/coffee making facilities as well as an in-room safe, but internet is not complimentary in the room. One must go down to the lobby to use free internet. I discovered that the Business Centre on level 2 is open 24 hours. Internet usage on their touch-screen computers - which I'm using right now - is free and printing is free - this is really convenient.