I travelled to Seattle with my children (7 & 10) for a performance at the 5th Avenue theatre. I must admit that I booked through priceline and got a great price and from reading other reviews I expected service on par with what I paid. I did not get this at all. From the time we arrived (early check in at 1pm) we were served with a smile and exeptional attitude. When I acknowledged that we were early but hoped to be able to change before heading to a matinee performance at the theatre the lady at the front desk genuinely seemed happy to let us check in early. I asked if our room had 2 beds as per my email request and it did. The only mention of the fact that I had purchased the room through priceline was a mention that the room was already paid for. Our room was on the 25th floor and afforded us a slight view of the water and a great view of the Westin (where my husband and I usually stay when we travel alone to Seattle). The room met our needs - it was clean and well appointed but not the luxurious feel of the Westin rooms we have stayed in. The housekeeping supervisor knocked on our door and asked if she could check the caulking in the bathroom. She was quick to say she could certainly return if the time was not convenient. Her friendly attitude and offer of more towels when she noted that there were 3 of us in the room (it was already made up with towels for 3) and more coffee was just a signal as to why she occupied her management role. While in Seattle we visited the Market a couple of times and the Sheraton's location is fantastic...when we are at the Westin it is a steep climb up a hill to return to the hotel but with the Sheraton it is such a gentle incline one barely notices they are walking uphill. We ate in the hotel at the Daily Grill for supper and were pleasantly surprised. I had expected a more casual dining experience from the reviews I had read but my hazelnut crusted mahi mahi was prepared very well. The selection of wine was expansive and well priced for any budget. The children's meals were very much to the liking of my girls. The service we received was timely and friendly - noting that it was 7 when we entered the restaurant our waiter asked if we had any time constraints ( a nice touch for a family if they need to eat quickly or get to a theatre production or game). We used the pool for a 1/2 hour on Saturday after dinner since it was occupied by older teenagers playing pass in the pool and young adults getting cozy in the hottub. Several other families arrived during that time frame. On Sunday morning we got up and headed to the pool by 8:30; there were several families playing and others who were swimming laps. Warning:The hot tub was murky so we got out quite quickly. From the valets to the reception desk to the restaurant staff and beyond the service made the Sheraton one of the shining stars of our weekend. Thanks for a great stay!!