If you want shopping, then this is the place to stay. It was next to the convention center, across the street from gameworks and regal cinemas. There is an old navy and pacific place is a block away among other big retail stores. Ross, Macy's Nordstroms, and Sephora are also right around the corner. I got into town a little early and wanted to drop my bag off (me and my son were going to a Mariner's game) so I could go shopping for a few hours without dragging it around. The girl at check-in was glad to help but seemed to be annoyed that I didnt want a room other than what I requested. I had already budgeted for the room I had reserved. My room wasnt ready for another hour so I pre-registered and left. I came back an hour later and the lines for check in were LONG. I had saw a sign for pre-registered key pick up so I went to that line where some cocky guy was helping the lines (very annoyed by the fact he had to come out of his office or the back) ignored me and then I realized I had to wait in line again. and then he called out for a group of people and said.. If you are pre-registered then come over here.. I guess I didnt look the part. I got to check in and that went smoothly and got a room on the 16th floor overlooking pike street. The room was nice, big and airy. There was a lcd tv which my son was ecstatic about and then there was some 4 dollar expired chips (about a month expired) sitting on the dresser. The bed was okay, kinda hard for my liking but the comforter was awesome. The swimming pool is closed right now, but we werent going to be at the hotel long enough to use it. The amenities say that there is a frig but it was considered a mini bar so it really wasnt for guest use unless you wanted to buy high priced soda's and booze. I will come back , when they renovations are done, because it is in a great location for shopping but the service was so-so, not what you expect for a 4 star hotel, they made me feel like I was supposed to be glad they were even waiting on me. The restaurant was pricey, but they do take out and we didnt have to go anywhere after the game. Overall get a deal for this place, and dont pay full price but if shopping is what you are in town for, then this is the place.