I booked this hotel for us months in advance via Priceline for $105 for a Friday night, post-cruise stay. They had to pry us off the Vision of the Seas, after a fantastac Alaskan cruise, at around 10:00 on a Friday morning. By the time we got our luggage, and got a cab ($10 cab ride from Pier 66), we arrived at the Sheraton around 11:00 in the morning, expecting to check our bags and check in later in the day. No! We approached the check-in desk, telling them we knew we were way too early, and she said "let me see what I can do"...uh...room, ready...now! We were thrilled! After the fast and friendly check-in, we headed for the elevators, lugging our 4 bags that were only minorly troublesome. We had been cruise-spoiled for a week, so we were fine handling our own luggage. When we got to the elevator, there was a rather insistent bell-hop who really wanted to put our luggage on our cart. We appreciated it, but reassured him that we were okay. Somehow, because of this, we all managed to miss an elevator, and the bell-hop (Henry) expressed great concern that the General Manager was on one of those elevators. Afraid that we'd gotten him in trouble somehow, we let him take our bags (which we should've done to begin with), he led us to our room and we tipped accordingly. He gave us a card for when we needed him again. The room didn't look like it was one of the renovated ones, but it was perfectly fine, with a great view of the city. We ended up spending very little time in our room, as we were out for lunch through about 4 am the next day, due to friends in Seattle. :) Leaving Saturday morning for the airport, we were happy to see Henry quickly come up after our phone call, to retrieve our bags and get us a cab. He was so sweet and friendly, telling us that there had just been another guest in the hotel with the same unusual last name. We were sorry to say goodbye to the Sheraton after such a whirlwind stay, and would not hesitate to go back. The location is perfect! And Henry...we thank you for your professional perfectionism and friendliness....what a great end to a fabulous vacation!