Overall, I really enjoyed my stay. I was there for a conference from 5/27-5/31. I give it an above average rating because it is better than say a Days Inn or EconoLodge type place. The location really can't be beat if you are there for the conference center or for if you're just dithering around downtown Seattle and want to stay in slightly upscale digs. It's very easy to get to Mt. Rainier from there as well. Check-in was a bit of a wait but the staff person was nice. I know that it was a holiday weekend but the hotel was one of the conference hotels so it wasn't like they were ignorant of our arrival. Later on in the stay I had to go back twice at different times of day to talk to someone about splitting the bill with my colleague. I thought it was a bit strange that the staff was having such a hard figuring it out. Very polite, though. The in-house restaurant is ridiculous. For a cheap breakfast go up a block towards the Hilton hotel and there is a reasonable breakfast/lunch kind of place. The owner lived for a long while in Hawaii and has dressed up the place with photos and knick knacks from the place. Very yummy egg sandwiches and his pancakes have a nice hawaiian twist to them. ;) The bed was SO comfortable and the room was kept up each day. There is a mini fridge in the room but it is locked up due to all the goodies stored inside. We didn't eat anything from the fridge but asked for the key so that we could store our cheesecake slices from the Cheesecake factory right around the corner. By the way, the hotel is in an excellent location for casual shopping at Pike Market or two mall type places. The hotel is only one short block from the conference center. It is also within easy walking distance of the monorail that takes you out to the space needle and science fiction museum. I rarely use the concierge at any hotel but we did this time at two different times. One person made a reservation for us at the Space Needle restaurant (it revolves and the food is decent) and another gave us directions for getting to Mt. Rainier. Don't use the hotels computer room, though. If you didn't bring your computer and you want to check your email or make quick copies, just run over to the Kinko's in the conference center. The minute charges are 20cents cheaper. I never thought I would ever say that Kinko's was cheap but there it is.