This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel while working the Northwest Flower & Garden Show. The Show is at the Washington State Convention & Trade Center, about six blocks from the hotel, so location is great in that regard-don't have to drive in downtown Seattle! They have (some) covered, but not secure parking-it's open to the street, but I never had any trouble with my vehicle. This year they charged $15 a day for parking (which is not unusual in a big city) but last year not. Apparently there was a promo for free parking but our boss didn't get in on that-so check if there's any specials if you're going to an event. Westlake Avenue in on one side of the building and a strip joint on the other, but we never observed anything offensive. Just keep that in mind if you have kids! Room was clean, basic. We didn't know to request a microwave in advance, so make sure you do so when making the reservation. They have a very nice bar & grill in the hotel, but if you're working a trade show for a week you probably don't have the energy for that. One young man at the front dest snotily offered that we could move our room rather than move a microwave in, but another kind gentleman (observing my jaw on the floor) assured us they could manage to move a small appliance in. Thank you James! Biggest problem was the maids apparently don't know how to count towels and don't know about the "hang your towel up if you want to re-use it" program. First night I requested an extra bath towel (girls with long hair need two!) We hung them up, but that night found the maid had taken our three towels and left only two clean ones. The "houseman" Carlos promptly brought another; I got to know Carlos quite well as we went through this a few nights in a row. I got to be known as the Towel Lady. Best part of this place is the staff. I forgot my personal pillow when packing up. Called the next day and they promptly returned my call having found it. They do charge shipping to return forgotten items, but that's pretty normal. At least they're honest. Julia at the front desk is awesome!