My husband and I stayed her on an extended weekend trip in October. It was perfect for our needs. Walking distance to almost everywhere we wanted to go, and if it wasn't walking distance, then it was just a few minutes to 3rd ave where all of the buses ran. It was also across the street from an Airporter stop, so we were able to easily get to and from the airport. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We never once passed by the front desk on our way in without being greeted, or on our way out without a "have a nice day". And we were in and out a lot! The front desk staff was also very helpful with directions and recommendations on where to eat or sites to see. We didn't use the internet in our room, but we did use the computers in the lobby. It especially came in handy when it came time to print our boarding passes for our trip home. We knew we wouldn't spend much time at the hotel so we weren't looking to spend much money on one. But our time spent there was always pleasant. If you're looking for an inexpensive hotel walking distance to just about everything, we'd highly recommend this place. We're planning to return to Seattle next summer, and we'll definitely be staying at Sixth Avenue Inn again. Oh one more thing. I remember reading negative reviews here first complaining about the strip club across the street. But decided to take a chance and stay here anyway. Our room faced the club and my husband didn't even realize it was there until I pointed it out on our last night. There was no loud noise and with our curtains closed there was no problem with the neon signs. And the club is actually on the back side of the hotel, not in front, so you'd never even have to walk passed the place. And the area was NOT "shady". In face, there was a very upscale restaurant across the other street (can't remember the name right now) with Lambos and Ferraris parked out front. Not your typical "shady neighborhood" vehicle. I'm from the southside of Chicago. I know shady when I see shady, and this area was not shady. So don't let the proximity to the club discourage you. It really was not an issue AT ALL.