I was booked here by someone else and the reviews I read talked about how it was hipper, cooler and generally just better than the W in Seattle. I haven't been to the W in Seattle, but I've been to plenty of them in other cities and I don't think I would put the Hotel Andra in the same category. It's fashionable but it's more trying than executing on the urban chic measure. The location is pretty good - just a short distance to all the fun in Pike's Place, shopping on Fifth Ave, and tourist entertainment near the Space Needle. It's also right on the edge of some dodgy blocks and alleys too - I had the opportunity to breath in urine, pot, BO and garbage on the several short walks I made to the nearby attractions. My room was spacious, modern, clean and comfortable. The hotel is about 9 stories high (the exterior, by the way, is nothing special) and many of the rooms are on the busy streets, but the city traffic noise is muffled. The king bed was great and there was a small fridge and sink as well as an office desk space and small couch with coffee table. If you like a bathtub, you don't get one. Also, there's no shower door or curtain, just a partial glass covering, which I think is chilly! The bathroom generally was small and the lighting on the moody side - flattering, but difficult for applying makeup. I'd say the room is nice, the bathroom just average. The Lola restaurant in the lobby serves up great Mediterranean food and you can get it to go for your room if you like. I give the 4 rating because I didn't think it quite hit the mark on the hipness, location is good but near some seedy stuff and the bathroom was average. A few other things that make it fall a little short - the service is funny (there's plenty of help but they don't necessarily get the door or offer to deliver your luggage) and the details were missed (eg my ironing board legs were smashed and broken; my toiletries and coffee supplies weren't refilled; I had to call at 2pm to get my room cleaned). These things said, the room was very clean, modern and comfortable and the location is handy.