A fun girls weekend in Seattle was all the more enjoyable for the discovery of the Hotel Andra. My initial skepticism of yet another old hotel renovated to qualify as hip boutique was quickly put to rest as we were warmly welcomed and our room was well appointed and comfortable. Nightly turndown service was a nice touch that many hotels have long since discarded and much appreciated after a late afternoon snack fest left our room in some disarray. The bathroom was the real tell for this hotel. While little can be done about bathroom size in vintage properties, the design proved to be thoughtful and, most importantly, worked well for two women traveling with the requisite amount of stuff that makes a gal who she is. Large mirrors and extra shelves gave us lots of space to spread out while we repaired the damage of too many cocktails in the Lola bar. I also applaud the eco-friendly approach to their hair and body products. Large glass dispensers allowed for luxurious use of these really fabulous Swedish FACE products without the bother and waste of tiny plastic bottles. The cozy robes were also much enjoyed. The bar/restaurant was not to be missed  lively and neighbourly, no black-sheathed stick bugs, and the bartenders know how to muddle, shake and stir with style. Lola is a Tom Douglas venue and with three or four more of his outlets across the street and around the corner you dont have to go far for great food. The breakfast at Lola was even better than cocktail hour - dont miss the fresh made donuts, hot from the fryer, and tossed in sugar by handsome servers with a flair for anticipation. Best of all, for gals spending at par Canadian dollars, abundant shopping was nearby and with complimentary discount cards provided by sale-savvy front desk staff we were able to maximize every retail opportunity. The gents on the door and handling valet could not have been more helpful and their great sense of humour kept us all laughing as we waited for cabs on a busy Saturday night. A great hotel find  cant wait to return!