My wife and I decided to visit Seattle for a week in late July 2008. In planning for the trip, Hotel Andra was at the top of a short list of hotels, and we booked directly with them. The room we booked was a standard Andra Room with a King-size bed. In general, everything was pretty good to great -- you can see the various reviews that cover the modern, clean decor, helpful (usually) staff, and great location. So, let me get the negatives out of the way first. The bathroom was a little dirty -- some mildew on the tiles. Not much, but for a 4-star hotel, I figured that would be covered. Also, a feature Hotel Andra offers is your choice of free paper every morning. I asked 4 separate times for the Wall Street Journal to be delivered to the room, but only received it once out of 7 days at Andra. I even watched as the various staff and managers scribbled it down on paper to make the change. It didn't happen. I see on their website this feature has now been limited to just the Seattle Times or the New York Times. The street noise is a little loud -- I requested a high floor (which they graciously obliged), and was on the 9th floor out of 10 total. I thought the first night that the windows were open for all the street noise (engines, sirens, etc.). The wireless internet was a real pain to set up -- it's essentially a T-Mobile hotspot, so you have to pay an extra $10 a day. The front desk was no help when we asked about it though -- they just told us to call T-Mobile. Now for the good stuff -- I love modern decor, and Hotel Andra definitely has it. Everything is function-oriented, but still very comfortable and easy to use. Outside of the mildew, the room was very clean -- no carpet stains, clean sheets, no trash, dust, etc. The granite-topped bar in the room was a nice addition and the sink came in very handy when the other was being used. And, of course the FACE toiletries were nice for my wife (although we both brought our own anyway). The location of the hotel was absolutely perfect. It was a fantastic point to start off each day to a new part of the city and beyond. And, outside the points mentioned above, the staff overall was fantastic, helping us at every point -- housekeeping was very responsive and courteous, the doormen were always able to help, the concierge and front desk gave us great ideas where to get pizza, and more. I'd definitely recommend Hotel Andra if a modern, convenient, boutique hotel is in your plans. Only a few niggling points that may have been unique to us or our stay.