To be honest when I first walked in the room, I though of this place being a Motel 6 with a view, but I think I just didn't get it & now I do. This place has spectacular views & I don't care what anyone says, after a long day of touring, there is absolutely no better room I would want to walk into when it was time to settle down. Sure there are better hotels in the heart of the city with real 4 star amenities, but NO ONE will beat the view. It is so relaxing. The rooms are small and as someone said, kinda tacky looking. The bed is comfortable but soft. The bathroom doesn't seem to match the design of the room, but who cares! It's still nice. The staff is good but for some reason, the male staff seem more aloof. Weird but true. Room service for breakfast was expensive and the food was lukewarm. However, the Six Seven restaurant was nice. Now typically, that is not my type of dining, but three of us ordered something different and we all loved the food. The staff was accomodating and the view and decor in the restaurant was spectacular. I will add this, if you're not staying on the oceanview side, then stay at the Marriott up the street because its not worth it, with all things being considered. Everything that you need to do is within walking distance. If you're going to Pike Street, there is an elevator up the street that will assist you in getting up the deadly uphill climbs. There is a hotel shuttle that is free that we also take you and pick you up within the free zone & must of what a tourist may do is within the free zones or walking distance from where you would be dropped off. The Victoria Clipper, the aquarium, and tons of other things to do are right up the street. It truly is in a great location. At night I just opened the windows and watched all the shipping boats, ferries, and cruise ships come in and out of port. I would stay again & definitely recommend the hotel to others. One strange thing, but it was not a negative thing, the cleaning people are obsessed with cleaning the room. I have never seen anyone so eager to clean the room. It is as if they get reprimanded even if you tell them you don't want your room cleaned. Strange. Also, contrary to other reviewers, we didn't hear much noise from the surrounding rooms. A child upstairs would tumble and jump until like 8 pm, but after that, not a peep was heard. Who knows, maybe we were the loudest. FYI, instead of paying a lot for the tour cruises, take the round trip ferry rides for under $7/person to get in a nice sightseeing cruise of the puget sound. Booked through Travelocity which allows you to select the ocean view. Rooms were like $149 or so a night. Maybe less, I can't remember but definitely not more. Who is paying $300/night?