We bid on Priceline at $125 a night (2-night stay end of June). On our arrival, at our request, we were cheerfully upgraded to a room with a king bed, and (not at our request) to a room with a balcony. We werent offered a $50 upgrade to a water-side room as others have commented on. We had a view of the top of the Space Needle from our city-side room. Train noise is loud on the city side so be aware if this kind of noise tends to bother you. We kept the patio door /windows closed at night and the trains didnt bother us at all, although we are sound sleepers. I agree about the curtains  some sheers to allow light in but maintain privacy would have been nice. The Adirondack chairs on the small balcony were comfortable. Noticed a cruise ship docked pretty darn close to the southern part of the hotel, which I would imagine would be startling when you open your window to enjoy THAT water view! (There are a lot of cruise ship travelers staying at the hotel before and after cruises.) The front desk staff, valets, and maids were all very friendly and helpful (especially the maids  every one we passed had a cheerful smile). Werent very impressed with the bar/wait staff. I asked if the bartender knew how to make an Italian margarita and was told no  wouldnt you expect a bartender to have access to a drink recipe book? Making drinks IS his/her profession, isnt it? I was asked if I knew what was in it  Im sorry, but if Im paying $12 for a drink, I dont think I should have to direct the bartender on how to make it. My husband said the clam chowder was good but not highly exceptional. That was the only meals we at the restaurant. The rooms are small but I thought they were comfortable  had everything you needed. We didnt try the gas fireplace. My husband thought the bed was uncomfortable, but I thought it was fine. In fact, I slept better in the bed at the Edgewater than in the bed at the Liberty Inn we stayed at the next 2 nights (Dupont). I think the location is better for leisure travelers than business people--It's walkable distance to many tourist attractions and good restaurants. Minibar prices are extremely high, as is the parking fee ($28 for overnight guests). Recommend checking out the other parking options mentioned by reviewers. Theres a small convenience store a block or two up (Wall). There is a Cost Plus World Market a few blocks away (toward downtown but up a block from the pier road), that has reasonably priced wines. The hotel is very distinctively decorated. The hotel lobby is more like a living room, with comfortable reading niches, a fireplace, and game tables (backgammon, chinese checkers). We had some lovely warm weather while there. I went looking for a place to sit outside to read, and was surprised that the hotel had no outside space for people to enjoy the water/weather. There were some benches on the side of the hotel near the parking lot (over the water and near the Port Authority building), which met the need, although sitting in a parking lot wasnt exactly the experience I was looking for.