I have to admit, when I found out which hotel accepted my bid, I was a little hesitant after reading many of the reviews posted by other travelers. The noise level was probably my biggest concern. When I arrived at the hotel, it was almost exactly like the website pictures. The entrance area had a nice big fireplace and the doormen were very friendly. The lobby area had a nice, beautiful view of Puget Sound. There were 2 fireplaces in the lobby area with board games near the seats by the window. Theres definitely a lodge theme at the hotel as there are antlers all around you. If you have children, this is probably not a good hotel to bring your children, unless they are older and know to avoid sharp objects. The receptionist greeted me promptly and even upgraded me to a water view room with a balcony when I asked her if I could have a quiet room. Im guessing because they had a convention staying with them, the more expensive rooms were the only ones left by the time I arrived for check-in. Needless to say, I was super happy about having the free upgrade. I read about the stinky, dim hallways and I was pleasantly surprised. The hallways didnt look any different to me than any other hotel Ive stayed at. The one leading to my room was relatively well-lit and did not smell like mold. My room looked like the pictures they provided on the website. It had a cute little, but expensive, teddy bear sitting on the bed. The fireplace was a nice touch and there was a bear ottoman near the fireplace with 2 comfy chairs. The balcony had 2 plastic lounge chairs with a small table. The bathroom was very nice. It had 2 shower heads; one was the rain one, another which was a regular one. The dcor matched the rest of the theme and was neat. I took a close-up picture of the bath products in case anyone wanted to know the brand name of their products. Their bar soap was slightly drying, but their shower gel made up for that. The shampoo and conditioner were great; the conditioner definitely kept my hair nice and moisturized. The body lotion had a nice smell without being overpowering and also moisturized without being oily/greasy. Having the balcony was super nice. It was a little cold to stay outside, but I put on my coat just so I could enjoy being on the waterfront. I suppose when the cruise ships start arriving in April, the view and noise level would go up a little, but when I was there, it wasnt a problem. For the rest of the amenities in the room, there were a little refrigerator with drinks inside and a little bar above it for the liquors. Theres also a 4 cup coffee maker with Starbucks coffee. There are nice plush bathrobes if you like those. They also provide a good iron and ironing board as well. The hotel apparently also had bikes you could use, but I didnt get a chance to see what they were like. The shuttle service was excellent. It left promptly at the top of the hour, but you have to make sure you arrive about 10 minutes before it leaves, as it is a popular service and the other hotel guests definitely utilize it. It runs from 8 or 9 AM until about 10 PM. I couldnt use it in the morning since I needed to be at my conference before the service began. Its about a $6-10 cab ride to the shopping area in downtown. If you want to walk, it would probably take about 15 to 20 minutes with a few uphill climbs. I usually walked back from my conference in the afternoon and the walk back was pretty nice if you walk along the waterfront area. Word to the wise, some of the cabbies will take you around an extra block or two to run up the meter, so be weary. If you know you need a cab, call ahead to the bell desk about 10 minutes before. The hotel isnt in the main downtown area, so it takes them a little bit to get to the hotel. Calling 10 minutes prior saves a little time. The bell men were super friendly and point out good restaurants for you to try. Chris was super friendly and made sure the cabbies were heading to the hotels for a prompt pick up. The in-room food tasted pretty good. The tuna tartar had a good zest and the grilled scallops werent overcooked. The wasabi mashed potatoes had just enough of a kick without you needing water to cool down your mouth. The business center was on the smaller side, but you could use the internet for free inside. There was a printer without additional charge as well. If you prefer to have internet in your room, it was $10/day. The gym, again, is a little on the small side. There were 2 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, and 1 bike. There is a flat screen TV, so you could catch up on the news while you work out. They have some free weights and a pulley system. I think its fine if you just want some cardio while youre there. Checking out of the hotel wasnt too difficult, but I think they forgot to print out a folio for me. Perhaps it was because I booked through Priceline and didnt have any additional charges, so they didnt need to give me one. You could check out online if you like.