I'm moving to Seattle in a few months - and am staying in the area every other week or so until we move. I try to stay in a different hotel each time I visit. Two weeks ago, I spent a week in the Edgewater. The first thing that struck me upon arriving at the hotel property is that it is on a pier - it is quite literally on the water - as in above it. Located along Seattle's vibrant, revitalized waterfront it is surrounded by active cruise terminals, ferry docks, and some very nice on-the-water seafood restaurants. My expectations were quite high upon arrival. The valet and front desk service was excellent throughout the week. They have clearly been very choosy in staffing these areas; they are engaging, polite, and highly efficient service providers. The main lobby sets the tone for the look of the rest of the hotel: rustic elegance. The hotel seems ripped right out of a 1990 Orvis Catalog, with rough hewn wood paneling and heavy use of greens and browns and plum colors. A large open fireplace further sets the tone as you head towards the elevator. Upon exiting the elevator, you experience the worst of the Edgewater: the hallways. They are not well lighted, somewhat dank, and seemingly two or three years past the time they should have been completely renovated. Most of the rooms extend down one very long corridor, and the ambience/architecture of the walkway is not terribly inviting. Nor does it seem all that clean, although I never saw refuse or even dirt ... it just SEEMS less-than-clean, likely due to it's worn condition. The rooms are quite small, but well appointed. The rustic theme is most definitely continued into the rooms, and a gas fireplace occupies a fair chunk of one corner of the room. The rooms are so small the king size bed occupies a large portion of the space, with a fairly large, upholsted easy chair occupying most of the rest of the space. There are NO drawers, and no place other than a run-of-the-mill closet by the door to hang close and store your luggage. Among the nicest features of the hotel rooms are the bathrooms. While they are scarcely larger than a cruise ship bathroom, they feature a shower and bathroom floor lined with natural stone, featuring glass and chrome trim throughout. While small, it serves to modernize the otherwise stuck-in-the-early-90's decor of the room/hotel. The linens are of a high quality and exceptionally clean - the window coverings, carpet, and walls appeared to be in excellent repair and were very attractive. Our room had an inspiring view of the Space Needle - at night, it is spectacular. The bar/salon and restaurant are very good. Cocktails are exceptionally well made, and service is great as well. The bar was packed every night I was there, and seemed to attract people from the city - not just folks staying in the hotel. Although I only had breakfast in the dining room, the food was very carefully prepared - hash browns were crispy on the outside and moist and flavorful inside; the fruit was delicious, and the cappucino first rate. Both the lounge/bar and dining rooms take great advantage of being ON the water, with beautiful views of Elliott Bay, and the ferries and other ships cruising by. The wonderful restaurants of Belltown are within a very easy walk, as are the Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, and the shopping district near the convention center - and Pioneer Square and many other sites are just a few more minutes away. I was torn between an Above Average and Average rating for this hotel. It is not cheap, and I was concerned/distracted by the dated decor and poor condition of the hallways. However, the service, views, and quaint rooms were strong enough to walk away feeling as though the money was well spent. This is not my favorite hotel (yet) so far in Seattle, but it's in my top three now; and I wouldn't hestitate to recommend it to those who want a real waterfront feel to their hotel stay while in town.