We stayed 4 nights at the Edgewater Hotel during the end of October. The hotel is very clean and quite different from other hotels in its class. The lobby, bar and restaurant decor is that somewhat of an eclectic lodge style. When you arrive, the drive through entrance to the hotel has an enormous fire place in the valet area. The service at the hotel was great at the front desk, bar and restaurant. We had an upgraded waterfront room. The room was a bit small - or appeared that way by the oversized lounging chairs and the king sized bed. It reminded me of room sizes in Europe. The rooms continued the same Lodge Style decor of the lobby area. The bed mattress and linens were very comfortable. The room had a fireplace which heated the room very quickly. The bathroom was large, but most of the space was taken by an oversized stoned-tiled shower and a separate full sized "club footed" bathtub. The amenities in the restroom were better than most 5 star hotels. No need to bring special soaps, rinses or conditioners. This place has that covered. Make sure you put towels you want replaced on the floor in the mornings. The room has a small refrigerator, but all the space is occupied with the hotels offerings. Be sure to take a look at the price sheet in the room before deciding to chow down on the chocolates, chips and sodas. The room also had WiFi for $10 a night. In the reviews, everyone advises getting a waterside room because of the city side noise. I am not sure I agree. The hotel is on the water right next to the Ferry operation to Canada. If you stay on the water side, you will hear waves banging the dock equipment against the dock all night - it reminded me of someone banging on symbols. If you stay on the City Side, you will hear the comings and goings of the cars driving in and out of the hotel - including the occasional train whistle (the tracks are directly in front of the hotel). So, if you have the window to your room open, you are going to hear noise. After mentioning the noise issue to the front desk, they offered us ear plugs. However, if you have the window closed, you hardly hear a thing. Keep in mind, this Hotel is not air conditioned and in the summer you will want the window open. One other thing about the rooms - BE ADVISED - the hotel's meeting rooms are on the 2nd floor and meeting preparations start as early as 6am. If you stay on the second floor, you will be awakened by the noises from people attending these meetings. We literally had a businessman camped outside our door on a loud cell phone call for over 30 minutes one morning. It was very annoying. Do not stay on the 2nd floor. The hotel is centrally located. They offer shuttle service around the area (no airport pickup or delivery  Taxi fare = $35). The Seattle Market is less than a 10 minute walk. Many things to do and see right along the waterway not far from the hotel. All in all, I would stay there again.