I came to Seattle to see the Seattle Opera with a friend. It was a special occasion for both of us (she lives in Seattle). I love the Capitol Hill area so I stayed at the Sorrento. Having made my reservations for a suite, I e-mailed the concierge and asked for a town car to be made available for the opera. The concierge responded promptly. When I arrived late Friday night, there was no desk staff but the concierge checked me in efficiently. I prudently took the precaution of handing out some green to make sure my stay went smoothly! The corner suite was very small, but well laid out and appointed. It was very clean. The hotel is old and the floor had some sags but it was also very quiet. As another poster noted, the bathroom has little counter space, but, mine had a window, shower and tub. Good thick towels. HiFi in room. Minibar and sink. Only one heater in the main room but the bedroom, and bath, stayed comfortable. No view from my northeast facing room, but not much noise other than usual city sounds. (Note to the reviewer who complained about train sounds: There isn't a train track for miles! You must have the hearing of a police dog.) The hospital is a block away, so there is an occasional siren, and, Madison is uphill at the Sorrento, so cars occasionally chug up the hill. I can confirm the hostess at the atrium bar was preoccupied with her seating computer. The atrium is crowded with Capitol Hill folks (read: middle aged and older) and appeared a bit pretentious, but the environment was pleasant. Entertainment was good, not too loud. True to promise the concierge arranged for a car to pickup my friend. She was delivered and seated in the atrium to wait for me, with true old-style concierge maximum class. In other words, he fussed over her. Our every need was taken care of expeditiously. We had a brief pre-opera meal in the Hunt Club. It was good without being extraordinary. There was practically no one there. The bar (tended to by "Jill") was old-style club, expensive, but generally efficient. Summary: Smaller rooms, even the suites, but clean, if a bit older. If you want to splurge a bit, try the "Music Suite", expensive but quite a bit larger. Bribe the concierge if you want stuff to "happen". Great location. Ignore the atrium hostess (she will ignore you) and just find yourself a seat. Try the small breakfast place immediately across the street from the entrance to the hotel. Cheap and good (2/2009). Overall, a good experience.