My husband and I recently stayed one night at the Sorrento Hotel while celebrating our one year anniversary. We had been to the Sorrento once before while dining at the Hunt Club, and it instantly came to mind when making plans for the overnight getaway. I booked online at a good price and was worried we might not get the best treatment from the staff, as is sometimes the case when booking non-directly. We were pleasantly surprised to receive a warm reception and great service during our night's stay. Desmond the concierge was very friendly when we checked in and even upgraded our room to a junior suite in honor of the occasion. The lobby was as I remembered, with rich wood tones and an old-world charm, and the Fireside room was a welcome repose after the cold rain. The second concierge on call brought the bags up to the room and hung my husband's suit in the closet, pointed out the room's amenities and was very helpful, as would be expected from a hotel with its reputation. Our room had plenty of space for the two of us, with a full sitting area, desk, and mirrored bar/coffee area. The marble appointed bathroom was separated into two parts, with the vanity and closet in one space and the toilet and shower separated by another door. No bathtub, which made the room feel somewhat European, but for one night it wasn't a problem. The room also came with robes and a CD system that had some great CDs provided by the hotel, which was an extra treat. We did not use the free car service, as we had our own car, and we decided not to valet but to park on the street, which on a Saturday night was no problem and on Sundays allows for free parking. When we arrived back at the hotel late evening there was a bottle of champagne, berries, and a note from the concierge wishing us a happy anniversary. It's the special touches that make a hotel memorable, and we were pleased with all of them. The California king bed was also of note, and although the pillow top mattress was still a bit too hard for my liking the wide variety of pillows and the well appointed bed sheets made the bed a dream to even sit on, let alone sleep. Our suite was in the front of the hotel facing the main street, and while there was some street noise when we had the windows open once closed it didn't bother us at all. We tend not to be an overly picky pair when it comes to traveling, and I'll agree that the Sorrento is not a five star luxury resort, but it did provide a great night of comfort for us during our little trip to the city and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone looking for a charming, romantic little hotel with a touch of history.