We checked in late Saturday of Labor Day weekend. We booked a very specific room type (king with pullout mattress), and my wife checked in very quickly. We got to the room, and discovered that we were placed in two queen doubles. Room was very high up with a nice view, but it wasn't going to work with the combination of young kids and two adults also traveling with us. My sister in law went down to front desk to see if we could get the situation resolved, but she was informed that the room type was not available that night. We were given vouchers for the breakfast joint in the lobby, and offered a crib. This still wasn't going to work, so I went down, explained that I had booked through corporate, and that we should be able to get the room type we booked. I offered to return the vouchers, and asked them to resolve. Within a couple of minutes I got the room I wanted (much lower floor, still a very nice view), and they let me keep the vouchers. Three different front desk reps, but eventually resolved. Housekeeping was exceptionally friendly, although we never got the towels we asked for on the second day. The concierge was helpful in getting a van to the airport on incredibly short order, although it was apparent she was frustrated with this last minute request. To compound the issue, my two very young children were having a break down in their very nice lobby, adding to nerves for us and the staff. However, once the van order came through, the concierge became much more relaxed, and even got got my kids a little snack to keep them calm. Outside of some of the frustrated looks I got from front desk and at first the concierge, every request was met without too much strife. I don't have too much travel experience with young children at nice hotels, but it seems this hotel is better catered to families with slightly older children and young professional travelers/couples. I can't help but shake the feeling that the reason we were changed in room type is because the room we booked was attached to another room (for closed 2 room suite upgrades). I've worked hospitality for 5 years in the past, so I know how these things go, but when you book corporate you should always make sure those room types are matched to a "T". Club members, then corporate, then walk-ins, then saver sites (Travelocity, Hotels.com, etc). Still can't complain too much since I got the room anyways. The beds were very nice and incredibly comfortable. I sleep on a Temperpedic at home, and this plush spring mattress easily matched the comfort level we expect. Very nice sheets, heavy blankets, and soft pillows (I think the king had easily 9 or 10 pillows). Turn down service on the pullout sofa was prompt, and the room was properly stocked with toilettes and coffee. Floor was very clean, and the bathroom was spotless. The only niggle I had was that the widescreen TV only got standard definition signal on the cable channels and on demand. We would have purchased content, but it looked incredibly poor, so we decided against it. Ice machine was down the hall, nice tasting ice, and you beverages heard it from the room. The hotel is slightly older (I'd say 30 years) but everything has been renovated. Quick elevators, clean hallways. The gym was nice and modern (although a little cramped) but the heated indoor swimming pool was great! Lots of towels out for guests, and a nice jacuzzi for the adults. The hotel is situated nicely in downtown, a short 15 minute walk from Pike Place. It's right next to the tram if you want to ride to the Space Needle. We walked there instead, took about half an hour. There is a inexpensive drug store across the street, countless coffee shops, indoor malls, and a ton of awesome dive bars a short walk away. I would highly recommend this hotel and will use it again should I come back to Seattle again. It's my second Westin chain experience, and now my second time for enjoying a Westin hotel.