Full disclosure, I am a starwood member. More times than not, Starwood properties have been very good for us. That's why it was shocking to see all these bad reviews for a starwood property like the Westin Seattle. We went to Seattle celebrate our 10th anniversary and saw that the Starwood site had deals for various cities & hotels. This particular westin was one of them. So, I booked a high floor room with a view & king bed. The internet-only pre-paid rate on spg.com was a good deal, so I prepaid for the room. Then I came across these reviews that said how horrible this hotel was. Service was horrible and cleanliness was an issue. Oh boy, I wanted to cancel so badly, but I was already locked in through the prepayment. Oh well, we'll see how it goes. It turned out to be very good. I'm glad I wasn't allowed to cancel. First, the hotel lobby was a happy gathering place during our stay there. There were always people there having a good time in the lounge and bar area. It was a happy place to return to after a day of walking around. A home away from home. (I've been in hotels where the lobby was eerily quiet, like a mortuary. I won't mention names, but the initials are Denver Loews). The room was well-appointed and comfortable. The view was amazing! The shower head (actually two shower heads) were one of the best showers I've ever had in a hotel room. There was good water pressure and you actually feel clean after a shower, not like some hotel showers where the water was barely over spitting pressure. We were on the 32nd floor, which makes the water pressure issue even more impressive. The location of the hotel is very convenient. It was centrally located between downtown shopping and Pike's Place. We often went between these two part of town and had the luxury of stopping by the hotel to drop off stuff, use the bathroom, and/or take a small break. Unless you are booking this hotel through a discount site like Hotwire, it's worth a stay here. (my experience with hotwire has always been getting the worst room available....i.e. in front of elevator bank or by service elevator or ice machine...crappy views, if any.)