After reading all the reviews I was really freaked out when I won this on priceline for $68 a night, but I figured it was a good deal for downtown, that we could deal with it. We stayed 3 nights and the location is incredible for playing tourist. 10-15 min walk to Pike Place, 2 min walk to the monorail that takes you to Seattle Center/Space Needle, 5-10 min walk to lots of good shopping, 10 min walk to Paramount theater (we were in town to do shopping and see Billy Elliot). Room was spacious and we had a great view (see photo), but we were on floor 13! I have NEVER seen a hotel actually have a floor 13!!! Everyone was commenting on that in the elevators. lol Room was clean, but when we pulled back the bedding the first night, there was FRESH BLOOD on the sheets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grosssssss! I called and they sent someone up in about 15 mins to change the bedding. I thought we might get a meal comped or something because of this, but nothing - not good customer service. It was REALLY gross. It was not like it was just a blood stain (still gross) on a washed sheet, but fresh bright red blood! I took a photo of it. I was thinking that whomever had the room before us did not use that bed, maybe did something gross like wipe blood on the sheet, then put the duvet back up nicely, and housekeeping thought the bed was unused and didn't change the sheets. Sheets should be changed between guests regardless of whether or not the bed looks used! Parking is $39, so we found an open parking lot directly across the street that is $30 a night, saving us a total of $27 over 3 days. I have a good car alarm so was not concerned about leaving it there. Car was fine. I just had to make sure I went and paid each day, which was not a big deal because we were out and about. Tons of fast food options in Westlake center across the street, and also there is a full mcds across the street at the back of the hotel. Hotel was typical 4* with typical amenties. Staff were nice, nice big lobby with free internet. We opted not to pay for internet in the room at $10 a day when it was free (but slower) in the lobby. We also just used our iphones in starbucks and places like that. Seems to be free internet everywhere you go in Seattle. You have to mortgage your house to buy food in the hotel - we had an early dinner one night and were hungry in the evening, we decided to order a burger/fries and a milk to share from room service. The burger/fries were 18.50, milk was $6 and by the time they put all of their fees on top, it cost $37!!!! I don't understand why hotels charge so much - if they were to charge normal restaurant pricing they could do so well - we would have probably come back from a long day of shopping/sightseeing and ordered food from them instead of zipping across to Mcdonalds or similar. I have stayed at the best western by the space needle and their room service was very affordable- about 12 bucks for a burger/fries. We could do dinner for 2 for about $30. One evening we also got a snack in the lobby - 3 sliders and fries, and 2 pops and it cost me $22. Its quite pricey to eat at this hotel (and I know many 4* hotels are the same, but I just wish they could keep it more affordable and they would probably triple their food sales in the hotel). 5 min walk away is Top Pot Donuts- yummy. We went to gameworks (10 min walk) - icky food and filthy dirty games. Would not do that again. Pool was super crowded due to a big dance competition in the hotel, but was warm and hot tub was nice. Overall I would stay here again for the location, but am disappointed in the customer service regarding blood on the sheets!