We had booked a four nights stay in a 4-star-property on hotwire and were given the Westin. Initially, I was very pleased with this as we generally like the modern style of the Westin chain. We contacted the hotel prior to our visit and requested for a king room on a high floor to get some views of the city which - besides the location - are actually the main feature of this hotel. It was nice of them to fulfill our request and we got a king room on the 42nd floor of the north tower. The north tower has a total of 47 floors (although maybe 5 numbers are missing in between on the elevator, don't know why...) and the south tower is a few floors shorter. There is nothing to write home about regarding the rest of the room. As other reviewers said, the hotel is dated and due for renovation. Not really modern style, maybe except for the unusual positioning of the bed which makes it difficult to watch TV from there. The sofa was very much worn out. However, the Westin heavily bed is soft and really comfortable even though I didn't like they are using 60% polyester sheets. The main drawback for me in this hotel is the price for extras (which aren't really extras in other, much cheaper hotels). Firstly, parking is about 40 USD per night. There is no microwave in the room, just a coffee maker which is not really suitable for making tea as your hot water would have some coffee smell. Also, the tap water smells like chlorine. There is also no fridge for your personal use in the room, just a minibar. The minibar displays a (not-very inviting) sign that basically says that if you are touching a bottle it will automatically been billed to your room and if you remove anything to store personal items it will result in a 25 USD cleaning plus restocking fee. Be especially aware if you have children with you as the minibar is just below the TV. So you decided to get a drink from the minibar? Well, a small bottle of regular water will set you back 5 USD (all prices plus tax, of course...), a beer is 8.25 USD and a small pack of mixed nuts 7.75 USD. Can't even think of using room service. Besides their already high prices for the food, there will be a 4.50 USD fee for delivery and an 18% service charge on top of it all. Need to make a short phone call? Dialing a (supposingly free) 1-800 number will cost you 2 USD plus tax. Want to access the internet? No, it is not free (except if you sit in the lobby with your own laptop). They have 3 guest computers, where internet costs 6.99 USD plus taxes. No, not per hour, for just 15 minutes or any part thereof. To be fair, it has to be said that these terminals can be used free of charge for checking in your flight and printing your boarding pass. Just before our stay at the Westin we had stayed at a three-star Hilton Gardin Inn at about half the price of the Westin. There we had a bigger room which was at least as comfy as in the Westin and had microwave, porcelain mugs, fridge, free internet computers for guest use and making a 1-800 call was free of charge. Sometimes choosing one star less will add to your level of comfort... Bottom line: I would stay at the Westin Seattle again only if getting a great rate (below USD 150). If you need more luxury in the same great location, you should consider the Pan Pacific where we had a nice dinner in their Sea Star restaurant. And yes, they do offer free internet computers for their guests!