My wife and I stayed at the Westin for two days, Aug 17 & 18, before driving on to Vancouver. We used the parking garage for $22.00 per day instead of using the hotels parking ($36 self, $39 Valet). If youre driving in from the Airport, youll probably come in on 5th Avenue. This is the street the Westin is on. The parking garage is on the left (5th avenue is one way) and is just before you get to the hotel. Look for the sign that says Westin Parking $22.00. The parking garage allows you to leave and come back throughout the day without charging an additional fee. Make sure you let them know youre a guest of the Hotel (the garage is not part of the hotel, but they give a discount for staying there). The walkway from the garage to the hotel is a short distance (goes across a street) and is glassed enclosed). The walkway is on Level 2 of the garage and takes you to the Mezzanine of the North Tower. From there you take an elevator down to the lobby. The lobby is the same for both towers. Our room was on the 5th floor, overlooking downtown. As others have mentioned, the hotel is showing its age, but its still a nice hotel. Our room was clean and the bed was heavenly. Some have commented on the odd shape (the towers are round buildings) of the room and the position of the TV in the room. We had no problem with either. Although, we didnt watch much TV, when we did watch it we didnt have a problem (the TV is on a swivel base, if that helps). The bathroom was large, with two shower heads. Yes, it does cost to use the wi-fi connection in the room. However, you can comfortably sit in the lobby and use it for free (ask at the reception desk for the password). If you want to check in for your air flight and/or print your boarding pass, they have a computer room where you can do it for free (computers can be used for normal web browsing for a fee). There are several places to eat breakfast, but most are on the expensive side. We ended up eating in the caf in the hotel. We had great breakfasts for a reasonable price. Yes, there are homeless people in Seattle. We didnt find Seattle to be any different than any other large city weve visited. The hotel is in a safe area, within walking distance to many of the points of interest in Seattle. We returned to Seattle after spending four days in Vancouver. I asked for a room with a view and was given one on the 42th floor. I would rate it the same as our first room, clean with a great bed. Overall, Im satisfied with our stay at the Westin.