Arrived at the Westin Seattle on Sunday at noon. My friend had booked the room through Priceline and when we checked in we asked for "room with a view"! We were offered waterfront view on the 35th floor or a city view on the 42nd floor. We opted for the water view! We got our room right away! Took up the luggage and hit the streets shoppping. There were 4 of us sharing the 2 queen beds! Plenty of room, but as previously stated the beds in our room were not heavenly at all! Quite soft and lumpy! The view made up for that though! Great views of the cruise ships in port, space needle and Pike PLace Market. We found the bathroom had great water pressure and hot water in the shower, plenty of towels, although we grabbed extra facecloths and bars of soap off the maid cart in the hall. The vanity was large and good lighting above. We enjoyed a cocktail and crab cakes in the lobby lounge and used the concierge service to book us a reservation for supper. It was a quick walk to the market and all the other stores-Macy's, Nordstroms, Sephora, Gap, Old Navy etc! Lot's of great restaurants nearby as well. You MUST go to the Crab Pot on Pier 57!!! Soooo good! We ordered the "alaskan feast" ( $35/person) You get a bib around your neck, a wooden board and a mallet and they dump a big stainless steel bowl filled with alaskan king crab legs, dungeness and snow crab, shrimp, clams, mussells potatoes and chorizo. We actually had to leave behind crab legs we were so stuffed :( You must have the famous award winning chowder at Pike Place Chowder located on post alley, and for a treat we went to the Crumpet Shop! Never had one of those before and it was warm and delicious! Thank goodness we walked everywhere!. We used the Valet Parking($38) but never took the car out at all as we just walked eveywhere. They even moved the car for us when we had to park in the non-valet parking garage since we couldn't turn into the valet drive due to a big U-haul trailer in the way. They just took the keys, went to the other garage and brought the car over!! Very kind! Thanks! The monorail takes you directly to the Space Needle for $4 return. We didn't go up as we had such fantastic views from our room! (it is $17 to go up). And yes, there is a Starbucks on almost every corner ( one directly behind the hotel). There are also lots of homeless/psych people all over the place. Definately not used to that many all in one place! The cheese festival was happening in the market while we were there. Lots of great samples! Seattle is a great place to visit and can't wait to return! We would also stay at the Westin again and use the Priceline site. (punch in 4* and downtown=$75/night!!)