The outdated "twin towers" architectural design might insinuate "outdated decor", but that's not the case. The inside has been fully refurbished with a very modern and relaxing interior design. The double shower-head is a winning touch, and the mattresses are the best that I've found in Seattle so far. The "white tea" soaps smell really, really good. Westin is not the best in Seattle, however. The sheets didn't smell especially clean and almost appeared re-used. I had to look closely for the proverbial hair that would have had me calling the front desk to request a room with clean sheets, but the hair was nowhere to be found, so I figured that maybe the sheets sit in storage for awhile after being cleaned and pressed, or maybe the bleach is highly diluted during washing, or just maybe... In favor of Westin Seattle's cleanliness, I will say that there's was the first in-room coffee maker that I have used. That's because after the second time running straight water through the machine, the water actually came out clean and without that proverbial rancid coffee smell that characterizes most in-room coffee makers. Since I could probably write much more than might be appropriate for this forum, I'll skip to the main reasons why Westin Seattle is not the best. Number two (other than being less-clean than other Seattle hotels - such as the Mayflower) - there is a lot of glass (and a balcony) but NO WINDOW TO OPEN. For a lower price The Warwick has a lot of glass too, but you can actually walk right out onto the balcony and get some fresh air! Number three - no free wifi in the rooms. Four - every time a housekeeper brought something up to my room she or he would pause for a second before leaving as if *waiting* for a tip. They could be a little more slick about it since people either have the tip already in-hand or they don't. If there is so much stress over tipping that the housekeepers fear that by leaving the doorway they will lose the tip, then I am forced to wonder just how underpaid they might be. I guess that explains the cleaning discrepancy perhaps. I get the impression that the enormous "twin towers" of a different decade are now a little to expensive to maintain as a hotel, especially since everything - including internet access on the guest computers provided in the lobby - cost at least 10 dollars extra. That hasn't been my experience at other Seattle hotels. Let's call it a day already Westin Seattle and replace it with a modern tower that doesn't cost so much to maintain. Other than that, Westin Seattle is an ideal location, the rooms are very spacious, the bed is very nice and well positioned in the room, and the view might be the best.