Overall: The hotel is very nice, if a bit dated. It could most definitely do with a refurbishment as I would say this hasnt been done in quite some time. Its partly wear and tear but also fairly old decor, furnishing, fittings in the bathrooms, wallpaper etc. However it was very clean, presentable and we were happy with our stay there. Location: The Westin is centrally located in 5th Avenue, within walking distance of the Pike St Markets and the CBD, Puget Sound etc, and short monorail ride to the Space Needle. It was a good location to get pretty much wherever you wanted without too much hassle. Rooms: Good, quite spacious and fabulously comfortable beds. They had a large, flat screen TV, a writing desk and 2 armchairs. The bathroom was quite good although the shower was over the bath and my preference is for a separate shower recess  however the water was nice and hot and it had good pressure, and everything was clean. Restaurants: There is a small cafe of sorts on the ground floor which served breakfast, but it was poorly run, too small for a hotel of that size and the service could have been much better. The food was quite OK without being outstanding. The restaurant, the Cold Water Grill, was excellent. The food was great, it was well run, and the staff were fabulous. Again its a little small for a large hotel but that didnt really matter as there were many restaurants in nearby areas to patronise. Check in/checkout process: We arrived at the Westin very late on a Tuesday night. Out flight got in around 11pm and by the time we got through customs and collected our luggage and got to the hotel, it was close on midnight. There had been a bit of a mix-up with the dates of check in and out, but that was my fault and the reception desk staff could not have been more gracious or helpful. We told her we had just arrived from Australia after a 16 hour flight and she must have felt sorry for us because she upgraded our room and put us on the 40th floor  when we got into the lift we discovered it was the very top floor! If there was a penthouse suite on the top floor that wasnt it! But the room was spacious, clean, comfortable and had a great view of Puget Sound  and we were very grateful for the upgrade. All the rest of the staff, from the Concierge to the bellboys to the restaurant staff, were great and we have no complaints at all.