I accompanied my husband on this trip to Seattle and this was our meeting location. We were delighted with the property! We were actually earlier than the regular check-in time, but that didn't seem to pose a problem. We had the lovely Marissa at the front desk (as noted by another reviewer...one of three Marissa's apparently), and she was pleasant, professional and courteous. The lobby was PACKED! There was a group going out to a cruise, and several people checking in also (wearing *Mariners* t-shirts, in anticipation for the game the following day), so the *mood* in the lobby was an infectious excitement...it was a good start to our stay. Our room was lovely...although, I do admit I was happy when she mentioned the "south tower" (check previous reviews). We were on the 30th floor with a view of the water if you stretched to look at it...but all in all, we were happy with it. The bed was very comfortable, but (again, as noted by another reviewer), the walls were thin. We did not use the pool facilities, fitness room, or eat at the hotel restaurants, so I cannot comment on any of those. We only had a delay once when waiting for the elevators, so that was not a real concern to us. The cost of the in-room Internet is a bit disconcerting. There were always several people using their laptops in the lobby area which saved the in-room expense. Our maid service was prompt and courteous. We would see them in the hallways, and one time my husband was in the room catching up on some phone calls, and they were very considerate and professional in doing their work. The location was wonderful...we took a walk down to the Marketplace, but the walk back up was a bit more strenuous. We could handle it , but were not really prepared for how steep and hilly it was in that area. We also attended the Mariners game, but took a taxi which was convenient and always in abundance from what we could see. We also had rented a car and parked in the adjacent building...a little more challenging to find initially, but for the cost savings, very convenient in the long run. The walkway was very handy. I took our vehicle out to go shopping one day and asked the attendant if I would have any problem on the return, and she said no..I did have to park on the 6th floor of the parking garage, but that didn't prove any hardship. All in all, we enjoyed our stay very much and say thank you to the Westin employees who helped make our time there a delight!