We arrived at the Westin after originally being sort of mislead by a local parking garage that says "Westin" but isn't the actual hotel's parking lot. This lot is cheaper, but even at $36 a night to park at the Westin, it (the Westin's lot) seemed safer. The Westin's parking lot is located behind the building. The woman at the front desk was really nice--the room we were originally given had 2 double beds, but since we only wanted/needed one she gave us a queen size been in a handicapped room. The room itself was spacious, but quite a mess. There were stains ALL OVER the floor--I didn't really want to walk around barefoot on that carpet. There were ugly tangles of cords behind the desk and the table with the coffee maker. The lights also had too many switches that weren't properly synced with the wall switches, and a few of the outlets in the room didn't work. Since we were in a handicapped accessible room our bathroom had a large open shower, which wasn't too bad. Though I was really wishing I'd brought some "shower shoes" because the tile in the bathroom didn't seem very clean. We were on the 42nd floor and had a great view despite a new condo high rise being built across the street. The hotel's location is perfect--in walking distance to Pike's Place Market and the Seattle Center (Space Needle) and to the monorail to the Seattle Center (if you don't want to walk). We actually walked all over Seattle. There is a restaurant across the street, Icon Grill was also good and the service was fantastic. As mentioned before, there is free Wi-Fi in the lobby, which means it's always PACKED with people. Plus, the lobby bar is exactly that--open right to the lobby, so people drinking are basically sprawled out throughout the entire lobby. We actually were having drinks down there one night and there was a loud group of middle-aged people there (for a convention I believe) who were obviously drunk--it made me feel bad for the parents with children who were just checking in. Who wants to check into a hotel with loud drunk people hanging out all over the lobby? Overall our stay was pleasant, the pool area was nice with a little sundeck that overlooks part of the city. We enjoyed the view from our room as well and the staff were helpful and friendly.