I stayed here in Oct 07 and Dec 07, each stay was for one night. Both times I enjoyed my stay and found the hotel to be top-notch. The Oct one was for a girlfriends' getaway weekend. We had two double-queen rooms right next to each other. We were in one tower, and used the jacuzzi/pool in the other tower. You do feel a little silly walking through the entire lobby wearing a white bathrobe, but oh well! The Dec stay was for our annual Christmas night in Seattle with the kids. When we checked in they had run out of kids' goodie bags, so they gave us a free in-room movie credit. We had an Executive Suite, which seemed more like two rooms they had joined together. There was a living room area with a sofa, tv, desk, and a pull-down bed, as well as a full bath. You open the adjoining doors (two sets) and enter the bedroom, which had a king bed, desk, and sofa, and also another full bath. The kids loved having their own "room" and they thought the pull-down bed was pretty cool and comfy. They brought up a little crib for our 2 yr old to use, too, which was nice. We donned our bathrobes (alas, no little robes for the kids, like the Fairmont does) and used the pool/jacuzzi--kids had a blast. We bought some snacks at the sundries shop downstairs, which were actually reasonably priced. After spending the evening out on the town we all came back for a good night's rest, as we had a Santa brunch the next day at Macy's. The kids sacked out pretty well; the rooms seem well-insulated from hotel noise and street noise (we were on the 35th floor). We sacked out on our own bed, and they don't call these Heavenly Beds for nothin'! It was such an incredibly comfortable bed, holy cow. We kept the curtains open and the downtown views were fantastic. We watched the flat-screen tv from our bed, which has really cool personal lights for reading, and it was great. Good for romance, good for resting :) The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, and they stored our luggage for us the next day when we checked out and did some shopping. The location is great: the Market, Westlake Center, the big department stores, Pacific Place, and Belltown are all within a few blocks. I'd recommend eating at Lola, just two blocks over. Top Pot Donuts is also just a few blocks. We would definitely come back! During the holidays they had a special promo: Executive Suite for $350, incl a $200 gift card to Pacific Place that you can use at any shop there! It felt like you got the room for just $150 :)