Get out your Starwood member card here and request a Space Needle class view of the Puget Sound from the Space Needle to the Stadiums. This hotel has the best views in Seattle, it was no different than being in the Space Needle. My 42nd North Tower view ran from the Space Needle to the Downtown on the other side of the hotel. It was breathatking indeed. I strongly recommend paying the extra 20 dollars or so for the higher floor room. I am sure the view in the other direction over Lake Union must be excellent as well. But push for the Puget Sound View. At the time of my stay August 2006the Westin was about $100 cheaper than many of the other chain hotels in Seattle. So I really cant complain about the slightly tired room. It is a big convention hotel and, as is often the case, the room was worn. But the bed was great with good linen, the bath towels were ok. I could not help but notice that the "good" heavenly bath towel was rolled over the toilet tank with the label showing, the other "no label" smaller scratchier towels populated the rest of the bath. It was the usual excellent Westin shower. My room was large and had a sitting area with a couch and a chair. The pie shape made the room more interesting than a standard room. The floor to ceiling windows revealed a birds eye view. There were 5 elevators in the bay and I never had any trouble with may solo non-stop rides. The workout room was like a real gym with plenty of equipment. Check in and out, valet, housekeeping all functioned well. I had one mishap with my laundry which the hotel corrected and they did not charge me, which was a very nice touch from such a big place. The location is good, on the edge of Downtown, near the Market and Belltown. If they ever get the monorail fixed it stops nearby. I found the area to be a typical big city environment with all types. Nothing scary for anyone that has stayed in any large US downtown area. This is a Big Convention Hotel, not a boutique place. In my opinion it is better run than most Convention Hotel but there are too many rooms to keep the place perfect. If one wants a good deal, in a well run large hotel with best in class views (for those on the higher floors) this is it.