I read the reviews after I'd booked and seriously thought about changing hotels. When I arrived, I was pleasantly surprised to find things much better than I'd expected. If you want $150 a night service, don't expect it for as little as $75 a night (check out the midweek and fourth-night free deals). This is also a hotel that will under some circumstances allow under-21s to stay independently. So what of the complaints? I found the staff very helpful with things like getting around on buses, taking a lot of time and effort. Yes, they were more reserved and purposeful than some hotel receptionists, but one Sandi is worth ten obsequious bellhops and made my trip run really smoothly despite a tight budget. Rooms, a little dated but clean. Mine was by the pool so smelled a little of chlorine but I soon stopped noticing. The pool, incidentally, looked clean and I saw it being cleaned. Air conditioning units are noisy but not needed most of the year, I just opened the window, even in August. Showers did vary in temperature particularly when someone flushes, sometimes I just stepped out of the (powerful) flow for a minute until it sorted itself out. There is a bath option to avoid this. Some rooms are by a door or stairwell so will have some noise, ask when booking if that's a problem. My bed was comfortable and the towels and sheets were not torn or dirty. Continental breakfast consisted of two cereals (varying), packs of hot cereal mix, small packaged muffins, brown and white bread for toasting, two flavors of jelly, apples and bananas, tea/coffee and two fruit juices. More than enough for me. The room was small so many people took it back to their rooms, but it did encourage you to meet the other guests. Location is excellent - University Village opposite, which is basically a mall disguised as bijou shops. The University of Washington is a fifteen minute walk away, including an uphill section, or a bus goes from down the street. From UW you change for buses to most places in the wider area. Don't get me wrong, I can see why some people commented negatively on some aspects, but I have stayed in many worse US motels and hotels and, for the price and star rating, this is a well-situated and good option. If you prefer cooked breakfasts, updated rooms and nothing but insincere smiles from your check-in staff, look elsewhere. Ultimately if I was returning to Seattle, I would definitely stay here again.