Our family of 4 was traveling to Seattle to visit relatives and see the Seattle sites. After trying to book more well known chain hotels with no real luck, I happened on the University Inn after consulting Yelp. We were not disappointed. We were going to visit the usual sites, but the the University Inn, true to its name, is located in the "U-district" near the University of Washington. Not exactly walking distance from the Space Needle and Pioneer Square. As luck would have it, this little gem of a hotel offered a free shuttle to all of the main attractions of Seattle and was willing to try to get you as close to possible to others. You do have to book the shuttle at least an hour in advance, though, so be ready to know where you want to go ahead of time. It also offered a pool and complimentary breakfast. Being from California, we took advantage of the heated pool frequently and the hotel provided fresh "pool towels" on deck as well. The breakfast suited our needs...waffle maker and variety of breakfast foods for most tastes. The evening cupcakes were just OK...they tended to the small size and the kids turned their noses up at the pineapple topping. The staff behind the front desk was for the most part quite helpful, but a few tended to toward the clueless when asked questions that were more in depth about Seattle. Overall though they were helpful and courteous. We tend to be low maintenance when our basic needs are being met. Being in Seattle, the hotel also provided "hotel umbrellas" for guests to borrow in case of inclement weather-another unexpected bonus, though it only sprinkled lightly on us one day out the 7 we were there. The University Inn is sister hotels with the Watertown Hotel, just one block up the street. Though the University does not have workout facilities...always a plus for our active family...guests have access to the basic workout facilities over at the Watertown. You just have to show your room key card to access them. The facilities were spartan, which is always disappointing, but they do have them and we did make use of them. There is no restaurant at the University Inn, but the Portage Bay Cafe is just a couple doors down. Hearty breakfast and lunch fare was a little on the pricey side, but the portions were generous. The Portage Bay Cafe may be owned and run by the same people that run the hotel since I used the cafe's WiFi and it came up as the "University Inn" wifi. Which brings me to my only real gripe....the wifi. If you are going to advertise free wifi then it should always work and it should be compatible with Mac and PC. I could not get online for most of the second day we were there. We wanted to purchase tickets to attractions online, but it proved difficult due to the balky nature of the wifi. The front desk was very NOT helpful telling me that the network sometimes has a hard time with Macs...which is a really lame excuse. They told me that they reset the server, but I was still unable to get online. I am pretty sure that the front desk knew nothing about the network compatibility or when it would come back online. The hotel does have a guest computer in the lobby and I was able to use it to order and print my passes to the Space Needle, but it was REALLY S-L-O-W. All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the University Inn. Since we were only staying 2 nites, we were OK with their price point and would recommend it to others traveling to Seattle.