We spent three days here. We got a good price for this hotel when we bid on Priceline. The first day our room was the size of a postage stamp. It had two windows that looked at a concrete wall with a mural on it. We called downstairs and the lady at the front desk was super nice and they moved us to the 6th floor and to a beautiful room (a suite) with lots of windows and a better view. At least now we can see Seattle from the window. That was very nice of her since we bought our room through Priceline you would think we would get zero service but we really appreciated it. If we would have had to stay int he other room it would have ruined our stay here. You could not even tell what the weather was like outside and there was also like a pile of old tires on the ground next to the wall...that can change the way you feel about the hotel if you were stuck in that room the whole time. We stay in real nice hotels so we are real picky. This place is spotless and the decor is nice. They have a real small cozy lobby w/ a fireplace where people gather from 5-6pm for a glass of wine from local vineyards. It seems to be real popular, my husband and I are not big wine drinkers so we never stopped for a glass but lots of other guests took advantage of it. They serve coffee in the mornings until 9AM and then they take it away. Problem is that we are on vacation and dont want to get up some mornings by 9AM so we missed coffee most days. Wish they also had coffee makers in the room. Location is a short walk to all the shopping, Pike's Market, etc. Everything is probably 5-8 minutes in every direction depending on how fast you walk. The rooms have a very nice flat/big screen T-V which my husband enjoys non-stop when we are in a room. The beds are super comfortable with down pillows..heavenly. I guess the only down side is that a few sides of the hotel are right next to some real busy streets and there is traffic noise. I can sleep through anything but sometimes there were ambulances or loud vehicles. I never ate at the restaraunt but my brother called when I was here and found out where we were staying. He said he has ate at Tulio's like 30 times over the years and he says it is the best Italian food he has ever ate. So I guess we missed out since we are leaving today for the airport. Can't go wrong staying here if you want a clean, comfortable, boutique hotel.