This makes a pretty good home base for a traveler to downtown Seattle. Most things are in pretty easy walking distance, though be aware (as I was not) that Seattle is very HILLY walking from west to east. The Vintage Park is on 5th Avenue, which is pretty much the eastern edge of downtown, so most places you go are downhill on the way there and uphill on the way back. North-South streets are mostly flat or have more gentle slopes. Rooms here are distinctive with their jewel-tone color scheme. Spring for the few extra bucks and go for the King Premier rooms over the standard Kings. For not much more a night, you get about 100 extra square feet of space plus a sofa. The bed was pretty comfortable and the bathroom was fairly large, if a little bland. The tub was kind of shallow for soaking. There was plenty of closet space, though drawer space was limited. There are all kinds of neat doo-dads in the closet, including the tiger-print robe, an umbrella, and thick socks for keeping your feet warm. The lobby is smallish, but does host a complimentary wine reception each evening at 5, featuring a local winemaker and some hors d'oeuvres. This is a nice touch, as is the pet goldfish they will provide for your stay upon request. These are signature touches of the Kimpton chain which give it a nice personal flair. Tulio Ristorante is attached to the lobby and serves fine Italian cuisine, heavy on the seafood. It's a smallish room serving all three meals, and appears to be very popular as it was packed to bursting on a Wednesday night. Definitely make reservations here. There are ice machines only on the 4th, 7th, and 10th floors of the hotel, which is a little inconvenient. There's no pool and I didn't get a chance to check out the fitness room--I got all the workout I needed from the hilly streets. Staff all appear to be eager to please and very capable. It can be a hassle to get a cab, so plan on 5-10 extra minutes for that. In the immediate area, the bar/restaurant at sister Kimpton property the Monaco is fun. And Shuckers just down the street at the Fairmont Olympic has just about the best fish and chips I've ever had. You can walk to Pike Place Market from the hotel, though it's a bit of a hike. If you do, the great lounge at the Four Seasons right outside the market is a fine place to fortify yourself for that trip back uphill. You can easily walk the six blocks to the monorail from the hotel and hop on that to get to the Space Needle. .