I just returned from a three-day stay at the Hotel Vintage Park. I had high expectations of the hotel, given it's status on TripAdvisor. However, I was a little disappointed with my experience. At the recommendation of the hotel, I took the GrayLine Airporter Shuttle and Connector. It was $24 roundtrip from the airport, but don't bother paying the extra 6 bucks for the Connector service if you're willing to walk less than a block. It took about an hour to get to the hotel. I checked in around 5:30pm. The front-desk personnel were very friendly, helpful, and efficient. At the time of check-in, the afternoon wine sampling was almost concluding. There was a representative of a local winery to pass out samples of wines and sangria. I thought this was a nice touch, but found the lobby too crowded to manuever. So, I accepted a glass of sangria and headed to my room on the second floor. The room was exceptionally clean, but average on amenities. The furnishings were tasteful, and I loved the decor. However, the room was long and narrow with a wall of mirrors. The windows looked at a chain-link fence in front of a concrete wall with a vineyard mural painted on it. I found it strange that the room lacked a refrigerator, coffee maker, and chest-of-drawers when there was ample enough room for them all. I ended up stuffing my socks and undies on the shelf in the closet. From the head of the bed to the television was a distance of at least 20 feet. Though the hotel is called the "Vintage Park" there was little, if any, actual vintage pieces. The bed had lovely linens, but was not the most comfortable I've slept in. The location is decent, if a bit of a walk for those folks not used to hoofing it. I managed just fine, but my colleague was winded after climbing the steep hills of Seattle for sight-seeing. I had a voucher for a "Continental Breakfast" at Tulio restaurant each morning. Mind you, this "continental" breakfast amounted to a bagel with cream cheese, small plate of fruit, juice, and coffee. It was normally $11. I found it adequate, but those with heartier appetites may find themselves still hungry. Service was below normal, likely because of the many vouchers people use. I didn't have any other meal there, as prices seemed a tad high. All in all, a good experience. Not outstanding, but a good value nonetheless. If management were to add chests-of-drawers to the rooms and use real antiques as accent decor, this hotel would likely be a fabulous experience.