Prior actually staying at the hotel, my dealings with it had been slightly less than satisfactory. I spoke to two people in order to book my stay, and neither were particularly friendly. However, this may have been because I wasn't an easy customer - I spent a good while searching for the best rate I could find on the internet and rang them asking them to match or beat it. This was achieved on the second phone call, and the excellent value more than made up for the slightly unfriendly tone taken with me. We stayed in the hotel for 4 nights and were very pleased with it. On check-in, we were upgraded to a King room, which was a corner room full of windows, a great view and an extremely comfortable bed. It was reasonably large with a lounge area and a satisfactory bathroom (it was small in size but fairly standard and well-equipped with Aveda toiletries, tissues, hairdryer etc). There was also a note to say further things such as toothbrushes, toothpaste and even hair straighteners were available free of charge. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, our bags were brought to our room and thoughtfully complimentary cookies and mineral water was also brought soon after we had settled in. What made our stay was the complimentary wine tasting each night. Local red and white wines were provided by the glass in the hotel's lobby area (which doubles up as a lounge with a cosy real fire and comfortable sofas) as well as pizza slices to snack on. There was also complimentary tea, coffee and a variety of speciality teas provided in the morning (to have there or take-away - suitable holders provided). This was only available until 9am, when later would have been preferable for those on holiday and having a lie-in, but it was nice that it was provided at all. We were extremely pleased with our stay over-all - a lovely room, comfortable bed, and, above all, some really thoughtful touches that resulted in this hotel topping many others that we had stayed at in the past. I would absolutely recommend it to a friend.