We have always been fans of Kimpton, and when looking for a downtown hotel on our yearly trip to Seattle, we decided on the HVP. Firstly, if you have stayed at Kimpton, you know what to expect from amenities and bedding - all of which were excellent here as well. The room was cozy (having stayed in several downtown hotels in SEA, they are ALL cozy it seems) and comfortable. A nice touch is that the windows actually open a crack- letting in fresh air while not cooling the room at all. The climate control is excellent and quiet (we ended up turning it off), and while it may not seem like much, it is something that I notice everywhere I go. The room was exceptionally clean and fairly quiet despite being across from the elevator. If I want to quibble... as others have noted, the parking is outrageous and yes, the valets do seem to be in a hurry to get you in the door. That being said, parking anywhere in downtown is crazy expensive, so basically tack on $30 per night to the cost of your room if you are driving in. Upon checking in, we found a plate of lost grapes in our room- there were nine I think, on a bread plate that had seen better days. Turns out this was our "welcome" fruit thingy... one word- PRESENTATION! Storage for clothes is sorely lacking, with more room given to the fridge full of stuff that costs more than you care... and with Pikes a couple of blocks away- who needs it? Give guests the fridge and get some drawer space.... 2 people on a 7 day excursion use up the sole closet space quickly. Service and location was excellent, and there are plenty of restaurants around to walk to and enjoy (Wild Ginger remains our favorite). The hotel restaurant was busy, noisy, and service was average. The food was above average, but the menu was egregiously limited and over-priced when compared to other eateries around. Overall, a nice comfortable stay, but while I love Kimpton and what they stand for, we will probably not stay here again given the overall cost of accommodations to refinements.