I chose this hotel for one reason: the location. It is very centrally located and so much of the city is a reasonable walk away. And anything that's not within walking distance is just a short car or cab ride away. Great things about the hotel: location, location, location. I also enjoyed the afternoon wine tasting. My room was tastefully furnished. The staff were all pleasant. I had requested an upper floor room and was given one, which I really liked; less noise from the street and a bit of a view. The bed was comfortable. Things that were less than great: The hotel lobby is tiny. If you're looking for a place with an impressive lobby, this isn't it. The wine tasting: I really enjoyed this but if you're looking for someone to be there to give you in-depth information about the wines, it's hit or miss. One day there was someone from the vineyard who really enjoyed talking about his wines. The next two days it was a hotel staff member who had very little information about the wines she was pouring. To her credit, whenever someone asked a question she didn't know, she'd go find the answer, frequently printing out information for us. A little bit of food is served with the wine (pizza) but if there's a crowd there for the wine tasting you probably won't get any. Parking: the hotel parking is expensive (see some of the other reviews). Bathroom: functional but small. Pet Peeve: where the heck am I supposed to put my clothes when I unpack? In the room I stayed in there were two small (and I do mean small) drawers available for folded clothes. This was in the same cabinet as the mini fridge. Since there were two of us in the room this wasn't nearly enough room (actually, it wouldn't even have been enough for one of us). So, the next thought is to put as much in the closet as possible. Except the closet is smallish and the hotel has a number of things hanging in it that are for sale! Their "for sale" items probably take up about 30% of the small closet. I appreciate them trying to earn an extra buck but this was just ridiculous. I appreciate that downtown hotels are tight on space but there should be somewhere to unpack. I ended up living out of my suitcase, something I didn't appreciate. The restaurant: we did eat breakfast in the restaurant and one dinner. Breakfast was nothing special, either bad or good. Service was bad one day and great the next. Dinner: the food was mediocre, there are many better places nearby. When my pasta arrived at the table I suspected that it had been kept warm for some time. Sure enough, when I put my fork in it I was able to lift almost the entire contents by just lifting up my fork. Bottom line: In spite of the lack of storage I like the hotel a lot and am glad I stayed there. However, I wouldn't stay there again unless I happened to get a great deal on the rate, there are too many other great hotels in Seattle to try that are equal in price or less expensive.