The Hotel Vintage Park is a boutique hotel and is part of the Kimpton Hotels group, which are known for being lovely and eco-friendly too. I have stayed at a few other hotels in town, but this was by far one of the nicest for serveral reasons. I'm not a big fan of big chain hotels, but I do stay in them on occasions too. However, I prefer personable places that remember you when you come back. I had joined their club before we arrived, and though I had never been to a Kimpton hotel before, I was treated as though I was a regular. Special gifts in the room were just as I had ordered. Orgainc fruits, sparkling water, and chocolates, for my daughters as well as myself. When we showed up at the hotel, I was sick. I wasn't sleeping well and was keeping my family up at night with my coughing. When I spoke to the front desk about maybe getting another room on the same floor, I was easily accommodated, despite the fact the hotel was pretty full. They moved us to a higher floor so we could have rooms across the hall from each other. And even though the elevator was right next to my room, I never once heard any noise coming from the hall, the elevators, or the rooms next to me. I found out later from my sister that Paul Newman had stayed at this same hotel the week before I arrived. Now, we don't normally rub shoulders with the rich and famous, but it seems his taste for eco-friendly places are on a par with mine. And it wasn't too expensive either. Everything was great, though I agree their parking garage is expensive, but it is very protected too. There is free overnight parking on the streets after 6pm, but you have to out there by 7 or 8 am to get a parking permit if you plan to stay longer. Personally, after doing this one morning, I found I prefered spending a couple extra dollars was worth my extra hour of sleep. Wonderful morning coffee and teas. I never saw any food though in the mornings. We missed the wine hour and didn't get a chance to eat in the restaurant, as we were eating with family most of the time, or being tourists. I'll certainly stay here again, or one of the other Kimpton hotels in town, from now on.