The Vintage Park Hotel is conveniently located downtown, next to the Seattle Public Library (if you like modern architecture, you NEED to see this), and just off I-5 (Seneca Street exit - left exit), and a scant 3 blocks from Pacific Place, Nordstrom, and a little further (but walking distance, even in the cold!) to Pike Place. There is no appreciable view from the hotel, so don't expect to "overlook the Sound" or "wake up to the Space Needle." But, the beauty of the Vintage Park is what's inside, not outside. The daily wine tastings are good, and we met with both Concierges during our 4-day stay. They feature a red and a white at each tasting. Speaking of the Concierges, they were both wonderful and helpful for us in setting dinner reservations, finding shows, etc. Very cheerful. The lobby is very cozy, and the large fireplace keeps the chill out and the ambiance in! Enjoy the wine tastings while warming your tozies. Tulio, the properties' restaurant, is comfortably appointed with dark wood tones, and the food was very good. I particularly recommend the frittata for breakfast, as this was a wonderful morning start. The rooms were small for our taste, but nicely appointed. There was a TV (armoire) with a DVD player, queen size bed, desk, sitting chair, and a chair at the desk. All this made the room a bit cramped, particularly since the closet is small as well, with little room for put a couple suitcases in. The beds were Tempurpedic, and the amenities were Aveda - why did we bother packing our travel kits!?!? The bowed shower curtains were welcomed, as was the good water pressure (sometimes, this is an issue - not here!). The hotel is pet-friendly, but we could detect no "pet-friendly odors" or other signs of pet trouble. There were two robes in the room - if you are a "robe queen", bring your own... these were wacky leopard colored (which was kinda fun), small (not as much fun), and a little scratchy (no fun at all). I must admit that we had expected a little more from the "wine themed rooms" claim. True, each room was named for a Washington State winery, with the vintner's name over the door (ours was Covey Run, one of the larger wineries and previously known to us). And, there was a magazine on Washington State wines in the room. And yes, there was a "wine channel" on the site TV. But - there wasn't a single bottle of wine in the honor bar, let alone from our sponsored winery! A minor blemish, to be sure, but we had really expected that the wine theme would extend to the Honor bar. Perhaps, they could consider that for the future, but I'm sure it's a lot of overhead, with the number of wineries that they "theme." Parking is $28 a day, with in/out privileges of course. Expect the 16% state tax on your bill for the room. I had a minor billing issue (room booked for the weekday rate through the weekend), which is being resolved now. I also noted that when you book on the website, and your stay mixes weekdays and weekends, you'll be charged the (higher) weekday rate for the entire trip. Call the property direct to fix this. Overall, the hotel is pleasant, the staff goes out of their way to solve problems and make your stay great. They go out of their way to make up for the minor misgivings we had with the room. The location is good, and we would stay there again.