I can only comment on the rooms, the temporary lobby and the service. To me this W seems like a renovation of a previous, traditional hotel. We did get the fabulous corner room on a top floor, 22nd. I love the floor to ceiling windows on the corner and sat in the chaise looking out at the buildings, park and traffic for glorious hours. That's what I do when I leave my small town home. We did have a view of the beautiful city library but not the water unfortunately. We stayed five days and got to know many of the staff. They were good to great. One that stood out was Micheal who floated around the front desk. He introduced himself. Got to know us but didn't linger. He always asked if I wanted juice for our baby, water and even made sure I had a bag to carry it all in. Every time we saw him. He jumped to it. I call it the W hustle and he had it. The lobby had coffee and donuts every morning and beautiful cookies every afternoon. Maybe because of the reno's. Wifi was also free in our rooms because of it. That pleased me. I hate when they still charge you for everything even though the services are limited. It was the lobby and restaurant that were being renovated. They had a temporary restaurant which I also appreciated. My husband needed it in the morning when the baby was still getting up too early for me. The location is nice, near the water, Pike Place market and shopping. I tried a lot of the local restaurants and had some amazing food. Shuckers next door is good for a cocktail and oysters. Nice old, wood bar with atmosphere in the old Olympia hotel, now the Fairmont. Also in this hotel is the amazing Belle Epoque (I think) a french bakery. This is a must. Coffee and pastries are amazing. I also had a Croque Mousier for breakfast and might say it was the best thing I ate in Seattle. We went to Spur Gastropub for Valentines day and though it was tasty, they didn't serve enough food or drink in the set menu and at $85 for food and $40 for wine it was just too much for what it was. Cool place and atmosphere and maybe the regular menu is great. I would try again. I would stay here again, I just can't wait to be able to use the restaurant and bar. I always miss them when they are under construction! It was New Orleans French Quarter last time. One minus: parking is $45 a day. it's so convenient that we did it but felt it was a bit pricey.