I recently travelled to Seattle for business and stayed at the W Hotel. From SEA-TAC airport a cab will run you about $45 dollars depending on the time of day. I walked in to the Hotel and was greeted promptly by a very freindly staff. Check in went smooth and quickly, although I guess one of thier machines was broken so they had to call someone else to type my card number into the machine. I was given my room keys and was off to my room. The room was very nice and the views were great. There are a lot of windows and they have the blinds open for you when you arrive. Closing them is a chore, but it is a pleasant one. On my desk there was also a small bottle of wine and a fruit and cheese plate with a letter welcoming me. I did not know whether or not this was complimentary or not so I did not endulge right away. The bathroom was quite large and the necessary bathroom amenities were there as well as some extra ones like face-wash that I notices was available. My search of the room continued as I found a small cupboard by the television contained some snacks such as snickers, almonds, M&Ms and other snacks. I looked around for the costs of these things but did not find any information. This becomes a reoccurring theme. Then I unlocked the mini bar to take a peek and again it was full of great items, but there was no information regarding a cost. Not wanting to pay an exorbitant amount for some M&Ms I simply closed the cupboard. I had arrived late in the evening and was hungry, again not wanting to pay for snacks I proceeded to look for the hotel guide to see if there were any restaurants in the area. I looked around the TV...nothing. I looked on the Desk, in the desk, in all of the night-stands and flat surfaces...nothing. The only thing I found was an art book and a "W" shopping magazine (apparently this hotel also sells clothes for some reason). Fed up with searching and my hunger growing I went to the front desk to ask. Again the front desk was very helpful when I asked about a sandwich place or a place to get something quick to eat, they pointed me to the subway. I got lost but it was not the fault of the hotel it was just my own curiosity. I found a Rock Bottom Brewery and then saw the subway on the way back. The bed was very comfortable and I slept like a baby. The following morning I woke up at 3 am because I had flowin in form the East Coast. I waited until 7 and then remembered that I had heard the employee mention to the guest checking in in front of me something about breakfast. I was starving by this point so I called the front desk to cancel my wake-up call and asked about breakfast. They told me it was on the 2nd floor. I went down to breakfast and was greeted by a buffet of eggs and fruit and other meats. I though this was quite a good complimentary breakfast until the waiter dropped off the bill. It was only $22 bucks, but when you think it is complimentary, that is quite a shock. Maybe I would have known this if they had a hotel guide. We used the facilities for a conference and aside from the construction, which I knew about before attending, the facilities were amazing. The staff was quick to react to any request, and the water glasses were always filled with delicious water. I cannot mention enough how great the staff was. Check out was a breeze. My bill was under my door the morning I woke up and all I had to do was use the check-out feature on the TV and then leave my keys in the room. I did not get a chance to use the Acura experience by a fellow meeting attendee did and he had nothing but good things to say about it. Aside from the hotel guide that I wish they had, everything about this hotel was great, and I wish I could see it when the renovations are complete. I saw pictures and am sure it will be amazing. I gave this hotel 4/5 but it would be more like 4.5/5. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to stay downtown.