We stayed at the W in Seattle last week for a conference. This is a business-oriented hotel situated within the downtown financial district, within easy walking distance to Pike Place Market, numerous restaurants, and shopping. What impressed us most during our stay at the W were the staff. Often times, staff attitudes to guests can make or break the experience but every staff member with who we interacted was incredibly professional, efficient, friendly, and welcoming (other hotels could learn a thing or two from the W Seattle about guest relations)! We had opted to upgrade to a Spectacular Room (room category) on the 20th floor and were happy to have done so, given the traffic sounds from below. Having researched this property earlier, I was already aware of the advertised room rates but as this was our conference venue we were fortunate enough to obtain a corporate rate. While the room was spacious and the bed was comfortable, the accommodations overall were still slightly underwhelming (definitely not "Spectacular"). The room easily showed signs of wear and tear-----scuffed walls, worn furniture and upholstery----that truly should have been corrected to help justify the pricey room rates and to stay within standards one would expect of the W Hotel brand. Other practical suggestions on areas to improve are:  Improve the lighting in the room, particularly the bathroom----theres nothing worse than trying to apply makeup using lighting that gives everyone and everything a jaundiced cast.  Install a towel hook on the back of the bathroom door----the current hook is impractically placed on the VERY narrow strip of wall between the bathroom door and the start of the shower tiles, so hanging anything on it will prevent the door from closing unless the object is first moved.  Provide a recycling bin to help reduce waste.  Provide a plastic bag/liner for the ice bucket----this is much more hygienic, given that one simply cannot be certain of how well the bucket is washed out between guests. The lounge/bar was quite busy. Also be warned that only valet parking is available at this hotel, at the cost of $45.00 per day. I would not hesitate to return to this hotel (albeit at a corporate rate) and will keep my fingers crossed that W hotel management will act on some of the suggestions that I and other reviewers have made.