I went to Seattle for the very first time with my sisters and Mom(69) for a girls getaway. We're a very close family, but the girls are vastly outnumbered so we have been doing these trips for a few years. None of us had ever been to Seattle, which is why we chose it. For the most part, some of us are very widely traveled. The W was recommended to me by my son who travels to Seattle on business periodically, and he stays at the W. Pros: The location was wonderful. We took the light rail from the airport ($2.50) and the University station was one block away at 3rd and Seneca. The hotel is at 4th and Seneca. We walked to a lot of places, and took the bus to many others. The free bus zone within the downtown area is terrific. We tried to spare my mom from too much walking, and we were able to do so at this hotel. We were upgraded to a "spectacular" room, which simply means it is on a higher floor, with better views. Our request for adjoining rooms was granted, and that made things more fun for us. The beds were very comfy with great pillows and comforters. Nice touches like bathrobes and terrific toileties. The rooms were nicely lit with plenty of lights and lamps. The bathroom was very spacious, and had a lighted makeup mirror with plenty of counter space. Pros: The hotel is very dark inside. It feels like they are trying to be hip, but we all felt like it was too much. Trying to see the room numbers in the hallway was fun. We asked for 2 beds in each room, and they were double beds. Most hotels provide two Queens. Sharing with sisters was okay, but it would have been more comfortable with queen beds. I mean -who uses doubles anymore? We paid a discounted corporate rate of $169, which was apparently a good price for Seattle. I read that the rack rate is much higher. We got free internet in the rooms, and that was very nice. Otherwise we would have had to hang out in the lobby to get free wireless. The staff was very helpful, which interestingly was a contrast to several very rude people we met in the city. All in all we had a great time. The hotel definitely suited our needs, and we felt we got a good deal. I would recommend this hotel to others.