My wife and I enjoyed a 3 night escape to Seattle last month and had an opportunity to try the W. We've stayed at almost all of the major hotels (and some great B&B's) in Seattle and we looked forward to trying the W. As a loyal TA user we had read the wide range of reviews and were keeping our fingers crossed. We were not unhappy :) To begin with the staff were all very keen to please. They were incredible especially the concierge (Jay?) My one suggestion for all of Seattle's concierge is to "Get outta the box" and try some local restaurants outside of downtown. Seattle has an amazing culinary scene but it's not all downtown. The hotel location is fabulous and as long as you like the "COOL' style they are going for you will like it. Dark hallways took some getting used to and I never did feel quite "Mod" enough but I wasn't uncomfortable. They offer towncar service but not at night(?), There aren't any coffee makers in the rooms but there are urns of Starbucks in the lobby in the AM and urns of lemon water in the afternoon. Our King room (1911?) was comfy although it smelled a lil stale on check in. The housekeepers either need more time or a kick in the butt as there was a lot of dust (look at the wine bottles) and the grout in the shower/tub could use a good bleaching. I'd suggest that the housekeepers lie down in the tub and see what it looks like under the taps. Don't get me wrong its not really dirty its just not top notch. Towels and Robe (why just 1?) were really nice and the bed and bedding were fabulous. The drapes are not black out. I liked the touch of having a DVD player in the room but ours was flaky. Maintenance was fast to respond to this issue when called. I also liked the window seat. Parking is the same nasty thing here as every hotel in Seattle. $37 a night. Why? We parked right next door at the parking lot for $25 a day (still a lot!) All in all we certainly had a nice enough stay with incredible staff (wonderful concierge), a comfy room and a can't be beat location. We would happily return .