The W Seattle lives up to the standard that is so consistent in W hotels around the country. I came for a conference (which was taking place at the hotel itself, conveniently) for two nights in early December. Hotel: As with all W hotels, this one has the trendy decor and chic amenities. We had a room on the 16th floor with a so-so view of the next door building and a bit of downtown. The rooms are a bit dark, even with all of the lights on. The flatscreen TVs are nice but small and ill-positioned. The beds are extremely comfortable, and they provided four pillows per bed, which was a great surprise for a pillow fiend such as myself. My favorite little extra is the bathrobes, super comfy and warm. The gym is perfectly adequate, and I was alone so I had free range of the TV in there. I found the front desk staff, valet, and concierge to be friendly, professional, and courteous. They would have gone above and beyond had we any special requests. I had forgotten contact solution, and they provided a bottle for me (small fee). Location: The W is located at 4th and Seneca, in the financial district but extremely close to downtown. We were a five minute walk to the shopping district (a perfect section for shoppers, including Nordstrom, Nordstrom Rack, Macy's, and tons of boutiques and other shops). We were also only a ten minute walk from Pike's Market, including the famous fish-throwers and the endless rows of crafts, flowers, fruits, vegetables, and more. I strongly recommend strolling down to Pike's Market for a look around. Of course you can find a coffee shop on every corner (either Starbuck's or Seattle's Best). Dining: My new favorite Seattle restaurant is La Vita e Bella, an Italian "cafe". We took a cab but could have walked. The service was phenomenal, the food delicious, and the atmosphere very New York (without the crowds). We also ate at Matt's in the Market, an upscale seafood place right in Pike's Market (on the 3rd floor - ask around if you can't find it or visit their website). The food was too pricey, so I wouldn't recommend it, but the views of the market were nice. I definitely recommend a trip to Seattle, and the W is a fine choice for your accommodations. Location, staff, and W quality make for a relaxing trip, even when it's business-related.