...for the concierge problem. More on that later. We actually stayed at this W twice in ten days. Our stays bookended a trip to SF. When we first arrived the cab dropped us at the restaurant entrance not the main entrance. When we got to the bottom of the staircase leading to check-in the bellman could not have been nicer. He got an extra guy to help with all of our gear. Both check ins were smooth, staff lovely, room was great. The second check-in was particularly nice, as one of the young ladies behind the desk made a special point to welcome my son back to the hotel with a high five and "It's great to see you again". Went a long way. We had a view of Mt. Rainier the first leg, lower down the second. Room service during both stays was excellent. The lobby was lovely to hang out in, the restaurant was very, very good. To the concierge problem...we dealt with three concierges during our stays. Two of which were fine, one simply didn't do his job or meet our requests. First, he was on his cell phone at the concierge desk and seemed annoyed that we interrupted him. We wanted to make dinner reservations for two nights and asked whether we needed reservations for a third restaurant. It was early in the day, he said the first two would not be open, but would make the reservations later and noted it on the computer. He then said we did not need reservations at the third. That was that, thanks!, and we were on our way. Later that evening, we arrived at the 'no reservation' restaurant to discover a two hour wait for a table of three and "Oh no, we ALWAYS recommend reservations." Hmmm, basic info a concierge should know. We walked back to the hotel to check on the other reservations with the evening concierge. Neither had been made. He was very apologetic and expressed that this had been a problem for a number of guests that day. He took care of the reservations and found us another place to eat that evening. Despite the intitial problem, it was dealt with in a more than satisfactory way and we would absolutely stay there again.