All you need to know about the W Seattle is that the main entrance is barely marked, and when you walk in the door there isn't a check-in desk or staff member in sight. For the first time traveler, it's bewildering. Once you realize the "Welcome Desk" is up the grand flight of stairs to your left, the staff is professional and helpful, and they have your keys at the ready. The elevator is smooth and fast, taking you up the two dozen floors without effort. The hallways are shockingly dim in comparison to most hotels, but not enough to impede vision, and I believe it helps with keeping the noise down at night. The room is expertly designed New York anal-retentive, and I mean that in the best possible way. Absolutely nothing is out of place, from the tub mat to the pillows on the bed. There are no visible drawers, those are in the closet, along with real hangers and a second bathrobe. The hotel information binder has been replaced by a stack of cards bound on a large brad, which keeps the size down. There's no phone book, because that would require a drawer, though there is a flat panel television with high-definition content. The finishings are not exactly luxurious in the traditional sense but they are attractive, and everything in the room matches just so. The bed, sheets, and towels are all top quality. You would not be at all ashamed to have this as your guest room, even if you lived in a much nicer house than I do. The prices are high. $36 to park, $15 for Internet in the room, $20+3.50 for delivery and a 22% service fee for an omelette can quickly turn a W stay into an extremely expensive proposition. Thankfully the staff recommended the excellent pastry shop across the street where there were Parisian-quality croissants and good coffee. The location is right in the center of downtown, though the proximity to the convention center means there are not many of the smaller restaurants that one might find in another city. In summary, the W is a beautiful, expensive hotel with great service that is perhaps not the most practical, especially if you've got a family with you. Still, if you stay at the W you know what kind of experience you're getting.