The W in Seattle is in a good centre location for access to everywhere, only about 5 blocks to the downtown shopping and easy walkable distance other places. Its on the corner of a street and so doesnt have the fancy drive that the Fairmont on the next block has. If coming from the airport Greyline does an airporter service, get it to the Fairmont and it leaves you across the road from the W $10.25 single, $17 return. The W has low lighting with candles and so gives the impression of a nightclub 24/7. This takes a little getting used to, you have to be pretty much standing at your room door before you can see the number. The lobby also has funky music all day, chill out in the morning and more upbeat in the evening. I liked it but I can see how some older people may not. The living room lobby is comfy but it is constantly used during the day by business people having meetings and working All staff were really friendly and helpful although when I did use the concierge I wasnt that impressed. I asked him for information about Mt St Helens  the biggest tourist attraction in the state of Washington- and he could barely produce driving directions. The rooms were lovely, spacious and comfortable though. The beds were fantastic and so comfortable with goose down pillows which I loved, got a fantastic night sleep in them. The flat screen TV is above the desk which I didnt like as if one person is working at the desk and the other is watching TV it can prove very distracting. Also the W doesnt seem to provide too much for the business user. There is no Wi-Fi in the rooms and internet is $14.95 per day. The business centre also closes early and doesnt open on a Sunday. The bathroom is spacious and very well lit for applying make up, the toiletries are provided by bliss and are really nice. Like all expensive hotels are you are charged for everything you use, the bottle of water in the room is $10 and of course there is a mini bar. Room service is available but a chicken sandwich is $18 and pancakes are $15, then there is a 2% added on, $3.50 delivery charge as well as the regular tax, so it can prove really expensive There is a gym present but it is nothing fancy, just a room with a few cardio machines and loose weights but is functional. The restaurant is nice and the waiting staff are fantastic. Food is very good. I recommend the steak frites. The restaurant is closed on a Sunday though. The bar is nice and trendy although not exceptionally big. A DJ plays there on the weekends. All in all my stay was lovely and I enjoyed it, I would return for the beds alone but I found the place a bit too trendy and stylish and apart from the room not especially comfortable.