While our overall experience at the W Seattle was positive, I will admit to some ambivalence about the place. My wife had expressed an interest in staying at the W so I booked a stay there as part of a Mother's Day weekend celebration. Shortly after booking the room through the Starwood website, I received an email offer to upgrade to a "Spectacular" room for $30, which I accepted. I also requested to have a special music CD playing when we entered our room. Via email I was connected with Adam Sinding who was my "Insider" for this request. I arranged to drop off the CD the day before our arrival. Adam was not there when I arrived for the drop-off and I was referred to the young concierge. She struck me immediately as affected and pretentious. I believe she had been trained that "putting on airs" somehow enhances the status of an establishment. I just find it off-putting. Be prepared for awkwardness on arrival at the W. The drive-up entrance is extremely poorly laid out. You basically are in the street when you pull up and configuration of car/pedestrian access to the check-in area is convoluted and congested. To simplify our arrival we just parked in the adjacent (to the east) Olympic Hotel parking garage and walked the 100 feet or so to the entry. Check-in went very nicely with the staff at the desk very friendly and helpful. (A quick note about staff, they seem to be uniformly amazingly young. This means that you should not expect a great breadth of experience in the hospitality industry.) Guests observed in the lobby area seemed mostly the t-shirt, grungy blue jean, running shoe crowd. This seemed a bit odd giving that the W is not really a cheap place to stay. One of the most striking aspects of the Seattle W is its decor and darkness. Lighting in the halls, elevators and other public spaces without windows is incredibly low and techno. For instance, one needs to be quite close (within a foot or two) of a room door to discern the room number. My wife called the decor "urban zen" and I think this is probably as good as any moniker. Our room was extremely nice and spacious. And yes, the CD was playing at an appropriate volume when we walked in. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room had very large windows with peek-a-boo views of Puget Sound. A full size chaise was along one wall next to a very nicely equipped desk. The bath was large and had more towels than anyone could use. The faucet handle on the tub/shower was close to breaking so controlling water temperature and pressure was quite difficult. When our car and driver arrived to take us to our evening activities we again were reminded of the extremely poor layout of access to the hotel. The combination of arriving and departing guests, aggressive taxi drivers whipping about and traffic wizzing by make entering and exiting more than an adventure. The Earth and Ocean Restaurant on-site again is very much on the trendy side. We found the staff extremely warm, friendly and professional. The menu selection could only be characterized as super-trendy. Fortunately, the W is in the heart of downtown so there are dozens of super dining options for those not in an adventurous culinary mood. One minor annoyance is that I still don't have a breakdown of what this little adventure cost. Apparently, the W billing system is not capable of providing an up-to-date itemization of charges upon check-out.