This was my third stay at the W Seattle. As Seattle locals, we have enjoyed the W for a weekend getaway "in the city". We are Starwood Members, and enjoy most of their higher end properties. For this overnight we were attending a Fri/Sat conference at the W. We stayed in a corner room (awesome view of Rainer) our favorite. The beds were heavenly as always. We did notice that the W Seattle has slipped slightly. A little tired. Perhaps a management change? Perhaps it was the weekend? Not exactly sure - but they certainly were not quite on their "game" for our visit. Maybe they are doing better catering to the business crowd during the week. Still four stars, but missed in several areas. My complaints -- Front desk staff - indifferent at best. Gave us a low floor, dark room with parking lot view. When we asked to change, they indicated they were only 63% full, so changing was not a problem. Hmmm...why didn't they give us a decent room to begin with? Rooms - why can't the W provide wireless connection (at no charge) in the guest rooms? We love the technical ammenities the W offers, and my husband had free wireless connection in the W's meeting rooms. But the guest rooms only have wireless for a fee ($17 or so/day). The $8 bottle of water so high priced. Nice that it was bedside, but really $8 for water? Concierge- openly complained about another guest in front of me. Tacky. We scheduled a couple things with the front desk/concierge, not sure who made the mistake, but after several calls to confirm, we learned that our appointment was scheduled on the wrong date (a date we weren't even in the hotel!) Fortunately we were persistent in getting the information. Service - My husband left a distinctive power cord at the meeting. Called several times to the front desk with the request to look for it. No response. Called again to talk to the technical folks. No luck. Asked again at check-out. Blank stare. My raves - The car valets ("wheels") are awesome! Grabbed a jacket for us. Always pleasant. Upon check out, it was such a treat to have two bottles of water and lemon wipes and our car waiting. Now that is a nice and unexpected touch.That's the W we remember! That's a long of way of saying, we like the W-Seattle. It's good, perhaps very good, but our last stay was just so-so. I don't think we would rush back. What we have liked in the past, now seems quite ordinary. I would probably consider it for a business trip, but look elsewhere on the weekend.