I had high expectations about this hotel based on reviews and referals from friends. My expectations were hightened when we received an e-mail from the hotel inquiring about our needs. Since our plane was arriving at 10:30 from LA, I requested an early check in. When we arrived I became disappointed. When we exited the cab, there was no one there to help us with our luggage. We had to struggle to get it through the door. Usually we carry our own luggage but after dragging it through the airport, I was looking forward to the service the W advertised. Check in went fast and we were given our early check in as requested. The hallways were dark as other people mentioned. However, they we not as bad as some stated. The room was big with all the amenaties. The bathroom was especially nice. The room was decorated in a trendy contemporary style which we like. However, when we went down to the lobby in the evening, we were surprised how much the hotel/resturaunt transformed into a posh party place. I thought we would fit in but not so. I am in my mid forty's and felt out of place. This hotel is great for the younger croud but I would feel more comfortable at the Fairmont across the street. We ate at the resturaunt for breakfast and was surprised at the prices. However, after visiting a couple other hotels in the area, we found the prices were only a little higher than average. I was very surprissed at this as we travel to Hawaii often, where prices are very high, but these were even higher! When we checked out, I was surprised to see we were charged a $60 early check in fee. I didn't mind paying the rate but was upset, as I was never told we would be charged for this service. To sum it up, the hotel is very nice and trendy for the 20's and 30's couples. The service as advertised leaves a bit to be desired but overall a good stay. If we come to Seattle again, I will probably stay somewhere else. Not because of my experience but because the hotel is more for the younger scene.