We stayed at the W on July 29 at the tail end of a Salt Spring Island, Vancouver, Seattle trip and it was a great end to a fabulous trip. Minuses - It is decidedly hip - almost painfully so. The music in the lobby along with a busy check in made is almost hard to hear the desk staff. The dark hallways were cool at first, but when I walked past the ice machine room twice because I couldn't see the sign, I felt like a fool. However, the pluses are much greater.... We booked on-line about 4-weeks prior to the stay and got an on-line pre-pay special and got a rate that was close to or lower than many other big-chain hotels. We wanted to check out the hype about the W so booked here. What we got was a room similar to those we have paid much more for in places like Chicago Service is top-notch from the valet to the baggage staff - everyone worked hard to live up to their "whatever/whenever" promise. The Concierge helped us explore the city in our short stay with lots of suggestions for dining and shopping and a suggested walking tour. The W is located very centrally in the city - walking distance to Pikes Market and the Piers. The room was a corner room with a long entrance hallway that led to a huge (the booking said 430 sq. ft.) corner room that was beautifully appointed. We didn't hear a sound from any other room or the hall but did get a bit of street noise on the 6th floor. A wonderful king-size pillow-top mattress with soft, silky linens piled with 6(!) down pillows (no calls for extra pillows here!) A large work desk similar to a photo in an earlier review. The carpet was a super-soft dark chocolate brown. The honor-bar was stocked with the usual items along with the more unusual like a small travel umbrella (great idea for Seattle), computer cords, postcards and a CD - all at very reasonable prices for an honor bar. The room had a great corner view with lots of natural light, a small stereo with a great mix CD and a listing of local radio stations. We stayed as late as possible lounging in the plush robes, taking long showers using the Bliss products (face wash, too!) and snuggling in the comfy bed before check-out at noon. I would do the W in Seattle or any other city again if I got such a great rate. This is a great concept for a chain and the price was great. Next time maybe we'll go to one within driving distance so we can take our dog because I understand the pet service is outstanding.