Hotel Max is located a 10-minute walk from the Washington State Convention & Trade Center and a 15-minute walk from the heart of the downtown core. In its immediate vicinity (one or two blocks away) there is a McDonald's, a Subway, two Starbucks (both within a one-minute walk), various (mostly high-end) restaurants, FareStart (a fine-dining restaurant that offers lunch Monday-Friday and dinner Thursday, giving homeless and other disadvantage people an opportunity to train for a restaurant job - highly recommended!), various convenience stores (the closest one being the Westlake Specialty Market, being located within the same block), a Bank of America branch, the Seattle Courthouse of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington, Seattle Greyhound Station, and other hotels (such as the Westin Seattle). Hotel Max is pretty much located at the northern end of the downtown core. If you want to walk to the central library (as a proxy for the heart of the downtown core) it will take you about 15 minutes. Westlake Station, a light-rail station that allows you to go from and to the airport for only $2.75 is only a ten-minute walk from the hotel. Travel time using the SoundTransit Central Link Light Rail from or to the airport is 38 minutes and trains depart every 7.5 to 15 minutes depending on the time of the day (note that trains do not run during the night). The light-rail station at the airport is a bit of a walk from the terminals, so in total, including the maximum time you may have to wait for a train, I would allow for, say, 70 minutes to get from the airport terminal to the hotel or vice versa. The exterior and the lobby of Hotel Max sport a very modern designer look - as do the hallways. The rooms are not as modern/designer looking as the rest of the hotel - they look like those of a typical U.S. urban boutique hotel, with the important addition that every room has an actual painting or photograph, or actual paintings and/or photographs, by Seattle artists in it. My room had two paintings on the walls. The audience is very diverse - from young couples to young groups of friends to older couples. However, overall, I suspect that most of the guests here are quite well-off, regardless of their age. By North American standards, the rooms are small. My "Queen of Art" room (the second-smallest category of rooms they have) was approx. 16 sq metres = 170-175 sq ft - that's including the bathroom (but excluding the - small - closet). Unless I mismeasured, this is actually a bit smaller than the 190-230 sq ft range mentioned on the hotel website, even when adding the closet space. Keep in mind that many nice classic downtown hotels in large U.S. cities have small rooms - many rooms at the Club Quarters Chicago, Wacker at Michigan are even smaller for example. Also, the only area of my room where I felt that more space would have been nice was the shower cabin - otherwise, they have used the space very well. I had a nice queen size bed that could be accessed from both sides, the desk could be used comfortably, and people of normal size could walk around the room without any problems. My room had an LCD TV from LG (28 inches if I'm not mistaken) and a small minibar/fridge by GE (useful if you have medications that need to be refrigerated, or want to buy some milk for breakfast). My room also had a coffee maker (Waring by Cuisinart), an ice bowl, two mugs, and two glasses. In terms of seating there was one very comfortable wheeled chair as well as one ottoman. My room also had a window A/C unit by GE. I could see the Space Needle from my two windows. At least on my floor room numbers ending in x07 or lower were looking towards the northwest (Space Needle) whereas room numbers ending in x08 or higher were looking towards the southeast (Seattle University). As already mentioned, the hotel is essentially located at the north end of the downtown core (which is much nicer than the jail/Qwest Field south end). If you are a fast walker and know where you are headed, you can make it from your hotel room to your meeting room at the Washington State Convention & Trade Center in ten minutes (I took the time). Even if you don't know the directions yet and walk at a normal pace it will only take you a bit more than 15 minutes. Overall it's a very beautiful and well run hotel. The rate I received was excellent for what this hotel offers, much better than anything else I found in this part of Seattle, and I would certainly pick it again given the same relative price. However, I also have a few (sixteen, to be precise) quibbles with it. First, the three light switches are still a mystery to me. I thought that it would be logical to have one of the three for the bedroom ceiling light, one for the bathroom light, and one for the bathroom fan. Alas, that wasn't the case. I tried every possible combination and still wasn't able to turn on the bedroom ceiling light without also turning on the bathroom light and fan (bathroom light and fan unfortunately use a single switch). Interestingly the bathroom fan is almost not noticeable if you close the bathroom door, but it's a considerable waste of energy and completely unnecessary. I'm not sure if this is the same in all rooms or whether somebody messed up the electrical system in my room. Second, the windows are old and single-paned and don't protect very well against noise and draft. Just to be clear: it was NOT loud in my room, and I did NOT feel cold in it. But it was still a bit of a strange feeling since somehow the room never seemed to be quite "closed". Third, the cleaning staff seem to be a bit idiosyncratic. My wastebasket in the washroom was moved around twice (when I arrived it was located next to the toilet bowl, the following day they moved it underneath the sink, and day after that they moved it back next to the toilet bowl), and they threw away a plastic spoon that I had left on the desk. Interestingly I had also left various other items that could be interpreted as garbage on my desk but those were not thrown away. So if you have anything that may be interpreted as garbage but that you really want to keep, place it in your suitcase (or, if you are paranoid, but it into the safe deposit box in your closet). My approach is that hotel cleaning staff should never throw anything away unless it's in the garbage. One day they also did not replace one of the rolls of toilet paper. I received bath soap only on the second-last day of my stay; before that, always only facial soap. None of that is a big deal really, but slightly annoying. Fourth, for some strange reason, the rooms are quite soundproof with respect to the hallway, but not with respect to adjacent rooms. Despite the fact that the interior walls all seem to be masonry. So if you have noisy next-door neighbours you may have to change rooms. Fifth, my alarm clock was not backlit. Sixth, windows look towards patio/offices (at least the ones that look towards Space Needle), hence you have to use blinds for privacy - same in most U.S. downtown areas, but still annoying. Seventh, the sink runoff was very slow in my room. Eighth, power outlets were rare and hard to find in my room. Ninth, you have to pay for (wireless) Internet access. You can either get it for 24 hours ($11.95) or get a 4x 24-hour package ($35.85, i.e. $8.96 per 24-hour interval). Given that the room rate is very good (and that the Internet charge is also relatively competitive), this still means that the overall price is very competitive, but still something you should be aware of. Tenth, similarly, breakfast costs extra. Breakfast is served by the well-known Red Fin Sushi Restaurant that is located in the same building. Most breakfasts run about $12-14. I had the shiitake mushroom frittata for $13 and it was truly excellent, highly recommended. Again, even if you factor in $13 for breakfast and $13 for Internet this hotel is still a good deal compared to other comparable hotels in the area, but it's good to be aware of these costs beforehand. Eleventh, they charge you even for a toothbrush kit ($15!!!) which in the vast majority of hotels you get for free. Twelfth, there are only two elevators, in a building with ten floors and more than 160 rooms, implying that waiting for the elevator sometimes takes a long time. Thirteenth, the keycard has to be inserted the "wrong" way around. Fourteenth, the room doors are supposed to be self-closing but mine didn't fully close by itself. I had to manually pull/push it to close it. Fifteenth, front desk staff were very slow and almost surprised when I wanted to check out and asked them where the closest cash machine was. Sixteenth, the hotel staff take some time to check their email. (However, they were also kind enough to print my boarding passes for me before I left.) So overall, despite my sixteen quibbles, a very good hotel and, as far as I could tell, far better priced than anything comparable. Definitely recommended!