Snagged a really good deal on Priceline.com for a same day check-in (arrived to Seattle late at night). Didn't have much time to check online on what Hotel Max was like, so was a little surprised at first to see it was a small boutique hotel. No biggie! I caught a shared van from SeaTac airport to the Westin hotel, and walked a block up (saved more money than a curb-side drop off at Hotel Max!) The hotel hallways were pretty neat & really loved the artwork on the doors of the rooms. PROS: - The room size with a king bed was comfortable enough for me as a solo traveler - COMFORTABLE BED!!!! It's on the soft side, but I love it. There were plenty of pillows to go around, so that was nice too - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! Quick 1 block walk to the shopping complex (forget the name) that has a Nordstrom/Barney's attached and other high-end stores - Starbucks across the street! - Walk to "Pike Place Public Market" wasn't too far. Around 10-15mins? - Friendly and helpful staff - Luggage storage for late departures out of Seattle - Check-out time was 12 noon I believe. Perfect! CONS: - Shower size: I'm a very petite 5'1" and even I felt rather cramped while showering! You can easily bang on the walls if not careful..... so you feel rather restricted to shower (like on a cruise ship) - Sink area: While I like a glass bowl for a sink, it wasn't helpful at all for a female when it comes to washing my face. Easily get yourself wet! There was also a glass shelf directly above it, and while it's useful....it didn't help that when I lowered my head to wash my face, I could easily knock the top of my head on the shelf if I wasn't careful!!!! That would've been a big OUCH - No lighting in the area when you first walk in through the doors, and with gray-colored walls....it was pretty dark! Also no lighting in the closet so it was hard to see. There's ample lighting with 2 bedside lamps, a desk lamp and ceiling light above the bed....so it isn't too shabby - Room Temperature: The heater/AC system attached to the window is rather finicky to use. It's really loud when you turn it on for heat, but if you don't leave it on - the room gets cold really fast (esp for a winter's night). You can also feel a draft from the windows, so it didn't help. I had to turn off the heater at night because it was too loud, so I ended up slightly freezing but I did warm up underneath the covers - Can be a noisy room from the traffic during the day (especially)/night. Kind of similar to the sounds of NYC Overall I wouldn't mind coming back for a night or two in the future, but with females! Hahaha. I would say that guys will have a tougher time, especially in the bathroom...considering the size of it!