I did have a bit of trouble finding this place, owing to my GPS system not working well in-city, and the sign is not overly visible; once I did find it, I was glad I did. The rooms are small, but cozy and well-decorated-- think old-school European hotel, with an artistic twist. I can't imagine or recommend bringing your three kids with you, but it's perfect for one, or romantic for two. Whoever did the renovation made excellent use of limited space and chose cool, functional furnishings and color schemes. There is a work-area, mini-bar, TV and closet, and just enough room to walk to all of them. The bathroom was pretty small, but the fixtures and appointments were aesthetically pleasing and worked-- plenty of hot water. The room and bathroom were very clean, smelled pleasant, and had complimentary Aveda hygiene products. Heating/AC worked great. I got a single-room package with free wi-fi and valet parking thrown in for free (generally there is a charge), but the valet parking is definitely worth the price quoted. The valets are courteous and careful, not some teenager who couldn't care less about your car, and unless you need it at 5:30 p.m., you'll get it much faster than the ten minutes quoted. Desk staff was polite, efficient, and forgiving of my strange requests, schedule, and demeanor upon check-in. I did not eat at the restaurant, but whatever they made for dinner smelled great in the lobby. Fun things: - The door to each room is an enlarged photo on some theme, each floor has it's own theme. - The mini-bar contains an interesting assortment of items, aside from the $8 bag of peanuts and $5 water. Let's put it this way: if you bring a date back, you won't need to travel far for "sundries." Also other fun and interesting items. - If a Gideon NIV Bible isn't your style, you can choose from a "menu" of spiritual books from most major (and minor) world religions, and have it brought to your room. - You can order special pillows at no additional charge if needed. All-in-all, good experience, but probably not for families or people who intend to do a lot of hanging out in the room.