I have to say that reading reviews, always make me nervous. Most reviews are not objective or people give low ratings, due to one bad incident. So, I am going to try to be as objective as possible, so any readers looking to stay here, can make an educate decision and feel comfortable about it. The worst thing is to be away from home in a crappy hotel. Location is great, 2 blocks from Pike st, you can walk everywhere. The street that the hotel is on, is a bit desserted. There are no shops and at night, there were no people walking, however 1 block away, there was tons of action. Value wise, you can beat it. Most hotels that call themselves boutiques, are usually a dump. You hang a copy of someone's artwork and there you go, boutique. I can say, that I was pleasantly pleased with the MAX. The building itself, must have been offices in the past. The hallways are narrow, but well kept. The room I was given, was a corner room. It is a bit small for 2 people, but since I was traveling solo this time around. It was fine for me. You might want to ask, prior to booking if the room types can fit 2 people comfortably. Also know that my room had no seating area. There's a king bed, flat screen TV and a desk, that I haven't used. The closet and bathroom are small, so my luggage will not fit on the luggage stand inside (I never unpack, fearful of bed bugs). and if you have a big bag, you'll have it sitting out. Again, for me as a solo business traveler, it suited my needs. Value wise, the cost was less than 140 per night. You can't beat it, since my regular hotel I stay at, was well over 245 a night. In regards to comfort, the bed is great. Soft and big and I had no complaints. I was well rested, when I woke up this morning. Overall, I would certainly stay here again. I think the hotel offers competitive rates, and with free wireless, it adds more to overall value. For the two days I was here, it was money well spent, however for a longer stay, I may need a bigger room and especially if I am traveling with my better half.