If you catch yourself saying this phrase from time to time you need to think twice about staying at Hotel Max as its not designed for the "husky" person in mind. With that said lets start with the do's and dont's of Hotel Max. Do... Book here if you want to be in great walking distance to downtown attractions Book here if you plan to ride the light rail from the airport into town and not rent a car Request to upgrade to a king room if possible Pack the thermal pajamas if your not traveling in the summer Read the literature in your room regarding the new instructions how to get fresh towels daily. Dont... Get a room near the elevator Plan to run laps in your shower as you wont get very far Book a queen room Bother with the starbucks next door to the lobby go to TULLYS Travel with children to this hotel Pay full price, find a deal on a discount website Alright Hotel Max is a quirky little hotel located in the DT area of Seattle which is a simple walk to anything near pike street, the needle, and or public transportation. I arrived by plane at SeaTac and decided i was going to ride the light rail into town as parking a car is anywhere from 20-30 a night at a hotel which is ridiculous. The light rail was $5 and got me from the airport all the way within 1.5 blocks of Hotel Max in 15-20 minutes (lovely). Check it was easy as i booked on Priceline and everything was already prepaid on my card for $70 a night which was a sweet deal for the location. Good luck finding anything as clean and this close to everything for the price... you wont. The elevator yeah thats um FUN i guess, two people with small roller bags and this bad boy is FULL and tight. If your "husky" or your luggage is bigger than you are then you might want to try the one and a time thing as i swear its only a matter of time before that thing stops moving. Up to the room and i booked a queen... the room was very small but managable with a separate shower and latrine rooms. The bed was comfortable and the majority of the room was fairly clean for the age of the building which was nice. Ill tell you now though if you do not like the noise of a city street then you might want to get a room toward the rear as cars will be passing constantly. The second night i requested to be moved up to a king which they did at no charge because of occupancy being extemely low which was nice. the king was MUCH larger but the bathrooms stayed about the same size, no big deal as your not suppose to be stuck in the bathroom for more than a quick doodoo or shower. The business center came in handy when i was looking for addresses to the places i wanted to go and eat from TA informants. And the staff was very helpful with the navigation of the public transportation as many of them ride it into work themselves (common in Seattle). The restaurant Red Fin Sushi was ok as they had a happy hour late night which was nice because much stuff in Seattle closes early and the happy hour started at 10pm so that was a plus. The funky decor of the hotel that everybody talks up is boarderline too much in the lobby with some of the colors and textures being used but the subtle style in the rooms and the artwork on the doors is an interesting touch. If i went back to Seattle i would stay here again as there was no real bad experience from this place other than the small bathroom, that didnt really cause a problem on my own trip.