My wife and I were vacationing in Seattle and decided to stay at Hotel Max. it is in a great location, close to freeway access and close to alot of Seattle Sights. Hotel Max is an older building that has gone through some renovations. The Hotel itself is a trendy little place with great art, and all the doors to the rooms and some interesting and funky photography. Our room was small but very functional (we're not in the room much), and our bathroom was nice sized. (I was concerned after reading other reviews) My wife enjoyed the tub, and we both enjoyed he Aveeda Toiletries. We were on the Second story facing the Courthouse. Our only dilema was the city was working on a street project right outside the hotel, and were working throughout the night to get it done. Not the hotel's fault. In fact they were quite gracious and comp'd us our bar tab (which was not much) for putting up with the noise upon checkout. They even supplied us with ear plugs and some nice tea's to ease the tension. but it was for only one night. Service was great at the hotel. I had requested extra coffee for the in-room coffe maker which they brought right up. One of the Valet's, "Topher" cool dude. Suggested a great restaurant and even made reservations for us. The hotel does have a restaurant and bar called the Red Fin. They serve sushi and cocktails by night, and breakfast in the AM. Caution on Breakfast here, (I was pessimistic about a Sushi joint that serves Breakfast too) They had an interesting menu which I tried and ordered the Chicken and Sausage Hash, which would have been delicious if it weren't for the copius amount of oil used in the dish. I pointed out the pool of oil that collected in the bowl to the waiter, and he had shared with me they were training someone in the Kitchen. We had also stopped by a couple of times for happy hour and sushi which was fine. We also made good use of their Fitness Facilty that included some decent treadmills with Flat screen TV's, headphones, a couple of Ellipticals, some weights and work out towels were provided and great air conditioning. We enjoyed our stay. It is a downtown Hotel, which can be noisy in any downtown environment due to street noise, let alone noisy neighbors, but sometimes that happens in hotels. The hotel takes care of parking which in other placed cost up to $30 a day. All in all, I would recommend this hotel if you wanted something a little different. It's a great location, close to great restaurants, shopping, theater, movies, Public Market Place all within walking distance.