I got a great price on the room through Hotwire and was really happy with my night at the Hotel Max. I arrived early, a good 4 hours before official check-in time, but they accommodated me right away with a nice corner room on the 2nd floor. My key card didn't work on my first trip up, but the clerk was really helpful and got me all figured out quickly. The room is pretty small, as most other reviewers pointed out, but I found it just fine for me. Being on a corner allowed for lots of windows and lots of light, but one side faced an office building so I had to keep the blinds on one window closed while I was in the room. The bed was really comfortable and the desk area with the TV was set up to be really user friendly. The flat screen TV appears to be a little old and depending on what channel I was on, the picture kind of came and went. I didn't watch too much TV so it didn't bother me that much. The window heating/cooling system was a little odd, and I couldn't seem to find the right temperature- if I turned it off, it was freezing in the room, but with it on, it got pretty toasty in the room. I'm sure if I had the patience, I could've come to some kind of happy medium, but I preferred to just throw on the robe and get under the covers. The bathroom was ok- I had to step up into the bathroom, and not just a little step, it was a pretty decent sized step up. The bathroom floor is some kind of VERY cold tile and since I couldn't figure out the room temperature, my feet froze each time I went into the bathroom. Again, not a huge deal, just something I had to get used to. The outlet in my bathroom also required some effort, as each time I plugged something in, I had to push the reset button on the outlet. It had to be pushed HARD to reset and I actually had to get the pencil off the desk to reset it a couple of times. As other reviewers have mentioned, there is really only a very thin glass counter to keep your bathroom belongings on, so I ended up using the nightstand to keep my make-up, etc. Bonus points for the Aveda bathroom products though!! Being on the 2nd floor was helpful in that I was right on the same floor as the hotel gym. It was pretty nicely appointed for a small hotel with 2 ellipticals, 2 treadmills, free weights, a weight bench, exercise ball and mats. All machines were hooked up to a "cardio theater" so I could catch up on some Law & Order while I worked out. I ate at the hotel restaurant, Red Fin, for an early dinner and was able to order off of their Happy Hour menu so dinner only came to about $10 and was enough to tide me over for the evening. I know they also serve breakfast and lunch but I opted to explore the area for those meals instead. Check-out is at noon and since I was still in town for a few hours, they let me store my suitcase there so I could continue to walk around the city. The Hotel Max is in a great location and is close to everything!! I recommend staying here, but maybe upgrading to a king room would give you a little more space if you are in town for more than a couple of days. If you're traveling by yourself, as I was, and in town just for a long weekend, you really can't beat the Hotel Max for the price and the location!