I booked the Hotel Max for two nights in February through Hotwire.com. A friend of mine recommended it for it's atmosphere and location. Overall, my experience was really good. I ran into delays at the airport and at the car rental office and was in a terrible rush to get to dinner reservations. I called the Hotel Max ahead to see if they could do anything about checking me in quickly. They told me that nothing could be done over the phone, but when I did finally pull into the hotel, they recognized my rush and made every effort to move me along quickly. My room was ready and I was checked in in under five minutes. The lobby was decorated in a very contemporary manner - lots of big bold colors set on top of dark contrasting walls. A nice little spot to kill while waiting for your car to be pulled up (which can take up to 30 minutes according to a sign, but didn't take more than 10 for me). My room was as could be expected from a boutique hotel. It was small, but very comfortable. I booked a "Queen of Arts" room which was on the second floor. The room had an LCD Flat panel TV, desk, fridge, mini bar (complete with "Intimacy Kit"), queen bed with slightly above average linens. My room was directly next to the fitness room which I thought would result in early morning noise, but it didn't at all. It was peaceful and relaxing. The room was equipped with a standard home-consumer use, window-mounted A/C unit. The two things that bothered me about it were that #1- it was terribly loud and #2 there was no "auto fan" function. It was either on or off. Besides that, it provided the heat that the room needed, so it was fine. The bathroom was oddly a step up, which caused more than a couple of middle of the night slips. It was small, but no smaller than what is customary for a boutique hotel. It had a small shower, which for me (265 lbs) was a bit of a squeeze, a toilet, and a sink. Again, all expected for a small boutique hotel. The staff was outstanding. Always smiling and courteous. The valet people were very responsive and as I mentioned, I didn't have to wait longer than 10 minutes to get my car. The lobby desk staff was very helpful, making sure I was accommodated in any way I needed. The hotel has an in-building restaurant called "Red Fin" which I did not go to, but it looked nice. My thought was that for as close as the hotel was to Pike's Place, why not take in the local culture for a lot less money? The location of the Hotel could not be beat. It was a block or two from the monorail station which took you straight to the Space Needle for $2 a person each way. It was about 5 blocks (7 minute walk) from Pike's Place Market and really in the heart of a bunch of great seattle shopping and eating. In conclusion, this hotel is certainly worth the price I paid for it for the Location alone! The room was comfortable and clean, though a bit on the small side. The staff was prompt and courteous.