We stayed at Hotel Max for 6 nights in December. Our main reason for choosing it was its proximity to the Convention Centre where my husband was attending a conference. After booking our package on Travelocity, I emailed the hotel to make some enquiries. I was pleased when a member of their Maxtini staff, Kathleen, very quickly replied to answer my questions and make suggestions. Not a one line general answer either but a carefully thought out reply that laid out options for my ease. We arrived in the evening and were checked in fairly quickly. We were assured that we had one of their larger Queen Art rooms. The room was small but manageable if you are not planning on being in the room all the time. The shower cubicle was tiny but the Aveda products were a nice touch. Our room was right next to the elevator which was not much of a problem except for the first night when it was really a disturbance and made it difficult for me to sleep. I mentioned it to Kathleen who immediately offered to change our room and showed us 2 options which we declined because they were even smaller. As many others have commented, there is art all over the hotel and some are pretty funky pieces. There is a book in your room which tells you the history and background of the art and artists. They also have a pillow menu which we thought was cute. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. One of the front desk staff, Henry, helped us with all our reservations for both dinner and tours. On another occasion one of the doormen, unfortunately I forget his name, tried very hard to help me locate a mobile phone charger as I had forgotten mine. The downtown location is perfect and easily accessible. An easy walk to just about everywhere - the Convention Centre, Pacific Plaza, monorail station, retail stores, Pike`s Market etc. Very convenient especially if you are in town without a car. Also a quick walk to the Westin where you can take the Downtown Airporter to the airport for about $11. There is a Starbucks (of course!) right next to the hotel for those who need their caffeine fix and complimentary Internet access in the business centre. Overall, a great stay with good service and value. I`d definitely recommend it. Good job Maxtini!