I recently stayed at the Hotel Max for 4 nights starting 8/23/2008. I was on a trip with my best friend and we had an "Art of Two Beds" room on the 5th floor. Both of us were used to the more "traditional" hotels like Marriott and Sheraton so when we first walked in we were a little taken aback at the decor, but in a good way. The hotel is very modern, from the furniture to the fixtures to the art. The doors to the rooms are covered with a black and white photo (ours had a guartist from Pearl Jam) and each floor represents a different photographer. Everywhere there is local art being displayed which gives the hotel a funky feel. The staff was very helpful from start to finish. Because it's not your stereotypical chain hotel the staff tends to have more personality and interacts a little better with the guests. Any questions we had they answered and they even played around and had fun with us. The bathrooms were very small - my friend who has traveled around Europe said they were the size of the ones in Paris or on a cruise ship. Functional, yes. Spacious, no. We ended up blow drying our hair in the room itself. The beds were comfy and the pillow selection assures that you'll have a good nights sleep. Fair warning though, because this is a converted old building the soundproofing is not the best. We could hear the busses going up and down Stewart all night long (didn't keep us up or wake us up but could be heard clearly) and when other guests arrived later in the night you could hear them in the hallway through the door. I also got to experience a new bride and groom celebrating their wedding night the first night there thanks to the lack of soundproofing. When I inquired at the front desk the following day if our neighbors were going to be around that night (and explained what I had heard 6 different times throughout the night) they asked me why I didn't call down there and have them inform the guests. I had assumed that there was nothing the front desk could do but I was apparently wrong - another plus to the Hotel Max. Overall, the only downsides to the hotel were the small elevators and bathrooms and the lack of soundproofing but none of those things would keep me from staying there again. It was a quick 20 minute walk to the Space Needle, 10 minutes to the waterfront/Pike Place Market and one block from the Grayline airport shuttle stop. Great location, great hotel. If I make it to Seattle next year I will definitely be staying at the Hotel Max and I would look into any of its sister properties in other cities.