I just returned from a quick weekend stay in Seattle with my partner. Originally, we wanted to stay at the W Hotel or the Westin. However, by the time I got around to making the reservation, those prices had shot up over $300/night. So I came across the Hotel Max. I read some reviews about it and they were pretty mixed. Some people complained about the tiny rooms, unsanitary conditions, the two gals canoodling on the lobby sofa (get over it!). With the understanding that you just can't please everyone, and a room rate of about $140/nite, we decided to give it a try and got the Queen of Art room. We rented a car at Sea-Tac and drove into town. We pulled up to the front of the hotel, registered and passed car keys on. The hotel is housed in an older building, but completely modern throughout. The lobby ceilings are coved with detailing, the only obvious evidence of a former life. The lobby, room doors and room interiors have lots of very interesting art on/in them. Our room was larger than I was prepared for. Everything looked very clean and the color palate was very attractive. Flat screen TV was nice touch too. The bathroom is quite small, and the shower stall is even smaller. The bed was very comfortable and on par with Heavenly beds. Don't expect much for views. We had a view of the top of a small building and the smoking garden of a nearby high-rise condo. We were awakened by screeching seagulls both mornings, but they moved on after a few minutes. Our room was right next to the elevators. We never heard people talking (place is actually very quiet), but we could hear the cables of the car going up and down. My advice is to get a room further away from elevators. The hotel has a restaurant/bar called Red Fin right next door. It's a very cool entrance from the lobby. There is a dark wall that has art on it. On the far left, there is a tall stainless handle attached the wall. It is actually the door into Red Fin that is integrated into the wall. Red Fin was pretty good. Very cool interior, with selection of tables, sushi bar and high bar tables. Nice music playing, not too loud. I believe they have a live band for Sunday brunch. They serve decent sushi/rolls and nice, elegant cocktails. We stopped in there after a late dinner for a cocktail and again for a pre-dinner nosh and cocktail. Prices are reasonable. Hotel Max is not for everyone, but we saw a very nice mix of people there: straight, gay, young, all races, families, girls' weekend, etc. The location is hard to beat (Stewart/7th). We were a block from the new light rail, 2 blocks from great shopping, a nice walk to the Market, and tons of restaurants and bars down on 1st Ave. (Belltown). I wasn't bothered by the small bath that much, but we were only there 2 nights and rarely spent much time in our room. My biggest complaint is the parking situation. We got dressed and ready for dinner and we headed down to get our car. No one could find our car and we waited over 25 minutes for them to track down. At checkout the next morning, it was even worse. The valets were running around like crazy looking for cars, parking cars, forgetting to give people their keys after checkout, etc. It was like watching the keystone cops. It took about 30 minutes for us to get our car. Apparently they have 2 lots (one behind hotel and one offsite). It's not really clear to them in which lot the car ended up. We were very cool about it, but some people showed their displeasure. At a rate of $30/day for hotel guest parking, they need to do a better job of keeping track of people's cars. The manager on duty that morning, Alyssa, was exceptional. Even with all the buzz of people checking out and in, she had her eye out for us, making sure the valets were on the hunt for our car. Finally, she came out from behind the desk to personally apologize for the situation and offered to adjust our bill to take off the parking. I thought that was very classy and probably earned our business again in the future. I would definitely recommend this fun, friendly, artsy hotel with a hard-to-beat location, at reasonable prices. I would say rent a car at your own risk. Hopefully, they'll have figured out a better parking system by then.