The location of this hotel cannot be more central. We were literally no more than a 15-minute walk from most of where youd want to visit in downtown Seattle. Pioneer Square and Olympic Sculpture Park are a bit farther afield (in opposite directions) but still within walking range or a quick 7-dollar cab ride away. Its also a 10-dollar cab ride away from the 1st Hill and Capitol Hill neighborhoods. Equally important, the service is superb. Everyone, whether at the desk or the entrance, is extremely attentive, ready to help with any questions one might have, and simply pleasant (without being overbearing). The original pieces of local art in the lobby and the rooms are refreshing. And, the visual design of the hallways leading to the rooms is particularly smart offering a welcoming surprise once you step out of the elevator going to your room. This is certainly not a cookie-cutter hotel. We also had an OK pancake breakfast with very good coffee on the house at the hotel restaurant conspicuously located at the lobby level. And for those so inclined, Starbucks is down the block (well, its Seattle after all). The rooms are smallish but comfortable. The ones overlooking the back are very quiet, but do not offer much of a view. We suspect the ones overlooking 7th St would have a nice view of the new courthouse but probably not immune from traffic noise. Speaking of which, the one big downside to the rooms is the heating and cooling system, which is based on a unit fixed to the window frame. When on, it almost feels like you have a vacuum cleaner hanging around with you! We heated up the room while away and turned that little monster off before going to bed, which worked out perfectly well as the Seattle Nov climate is temperateprobably there would be only a few days in the winter or summer when this approach might not work that well. The king bed felt luxuriousthough on the soft side for our tasteand quite a bit of pillows are on offer, a la cart. In our room the bathroom consisted of two separate rooms, one for the toilet and sink and the other for the shower. At first glance it seemed odd, but turned out to be pretty comfortable. The location, service, and visual feel of the place more than compensates for the few minor glitches. Well definitely stay there again without any hesitation.