We spent four nights at the Hotel Max in Seattle and had a fantastic experience. From our initial impression of the hotel through to our last moment leaving, we have nothing but positive comments about the hotel and the staff. The nicest thing about this hotel is the location - it was so easy to find, we got off our exit from the I-5 and literally drove up to the door of the hotel. The valet parking staff were excellent, and once we had parked the car at the hotel, we never once required it again, as the downtown location allowed us to walk or take the monorail wherever wanted to go. We walked to Pike Place, Pioneer Square, the main shopping district, and all through Belltown and back again with no difficulty at all. Each time we would return to the hotel, we were greeted by smiling and courteous staff. We asked a few questions of the front desk and had a few requirements, all of which were satifisfied immediately. The only amenity we used was the computer in the business center, which was helpful for investigating which great restaurant we would venture to that evening. We stayed in a corner room with a king size bed on the 9th floor. The room was stunning - well designed with a view of the Space Needle and the EMP from our window. I think this was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in at a hotel, and that includes a stay at the Westin. It was very hard to get out of bed every morning it was so comfortable! The bathrooms were well appointed and we used the complimentary toiletries and robes throughout our stay. The only very minor complaint that I would make is to comment on the small size of the room. We had been forewarned of that thanks to the other reviews on this site, and so I wasn't surprised at how small it was, but I was glad that I went here with that expectation. There was enough room for one person to walk around the bed, but no sitting area. If I was to return to Seattle again, I would likely stay at another hotel if I was to plan a longer stay again, just because it would be nice to have a slightly larger room for that length of vacation. However, for a single or double night stay I would gladly stay at Hotel Max again and would definitely recommend it to others as an option. The location and style of the hotel outmatched anything else we investigated at a similar price.