While this hotel might be good for many people, I don't think it was right for us. There are other places very near by that cost less and are less of a hassle. Let's start with the shuttle. Perhaps our negative experience with this colored the rest of our stay. I had called the hotel with questions about the shuttle and both the recording and the human told me to go to Island 1 or 3. The bus came regularly and had a big number 1 on it. It was 11:30 pm (2:30am to us) when we got to Island 3. It is really big and had several stops all labeled Island 3 Courtesy Shuttles. Not knowing which to choose we stood by the phone bank. We spent nearly 30 minutes staring into the bright headlights of the many courtesy vehicles searching for that Number 1. Nothing. Finally, I spot the Doubletree name in fairly small letters on a bus. There is no number. I leap into the street frantically waving and the bus stops. The driver tells us he is full and we will have to stand. Standing on the bus and getting to the hotel is preferable to another half hour of standing on the sidewalk and being blinded. It actually turned out well because last on was first off. Check in went quickly and smoothly since we are Hilton Honors members and there was a special line. (There must have been 30 parties behind us and I feel very sorry for them.) Our room was a reasonable distance from check in and there was a well-marked map on the key envelope. We needed it. Our room was fine. It was fairly large and overlooked a parking area and another building. We liked that the bathroom had two sinks. Airport noise was minimal. We slept well. We had $10 vouchers for breakfast because of our Diamond status. This would cover the continental breakfast buffet but including hot food would cost an additional $7 per person. When looking at ordering from the menu as an option, we found that tea and juice alone cost $8. One of the buffets was the only reasonably priced option. The yogurt was amazingly good and had many great toppings. The croissant was stale. This inconsistency in food quality was present in the hot offerings too. On the positive side, we had been told at check in that we should get a fruit and cheese plate but the kitchen was closed. The desk arranged for us to get it to go before we checked out. The shuttle back to the airport to pick up our rental car was excellent. There was no number 1on the bus but we saw a second bus which did have a number easily visible. We chose the Doubletree for this trip because the price was the same as a nearby Hampton but only because we did not have to park a car. That would have cost us $20.