The Doubletree @ the Seattle Airport has been at its current location a very long time. Flying out of SeaTac, the hotel is easily recognizable from the window of the airplane because of its large campus and the tall height of its main tower. The Friday night we stayed with at the Doubletree, we drove in from out of town, ate dinner and arrived kind of late, at least after 10pm. The front desk staff actually had a bit of a line to deal with as they were checking in an off-duty air crew and there was one other guest checking in. When we finally got to the counter we found the desk clerk to be very friendly in spite of the lateness of the evening. Just after completing the paperwork, we were offered the rather famous warm Doubletree cookies. They were quite enjoyable even if we didn't have any milk to go with them. Our booking was through a low priced hotel source which does only double occupancy bookings, so we kind of assumed that we would get a single king room, however when we arrived at our room we found two queens. That is fine. The room was very large, even for a double queen room. There was a great deal of floor space, so much so that even with a work desk and two occasional chairs the room felt a little bit like a cave. The room also had a balcony. The balcony overlooked the parking lot, however that side of the parking lot was controlled by the valet, so there wasn't nearly as much noise as you would expect. The only issue we had was the cleanliness of the glasses in the room. We had to call the care line and ask them to send up clean glasses. Both glasses provided in the room looked as if they had food residue in the bottom of them. We received clean glasses about 5 minutes after we made our call. My wife and I slept well. I usually don't enjoy hotel beds, they are either too soft or too hard, or in the worse case scenario, worn out; and to be honest I'm just used to my own bed, but this night I slept particularly well. If we had any neighbors around us, I would never have known it as there was absolutely no adjacent room noise. We were very happy with this hotel and would happily stay here again any time.