I stayed here for one night (November 01, 2010) as this is our designated crew hotel for all layover crew stays while in Seattle. ==> The Hotel in general: The hotel is located not far from the airport, just to the east of the airport itself. You can easily see it and will have some nice views of arriving and departing aircraft. They have a free 24/7 airport shuttle service. The hotel buildings and grounds itself are very large and the hotel complex is an unusual shape/design which tends to add to the privacy aspect. Its comprised of one main large 11+ floor structure and six other shorter wings. The six smaller wings are laid out in a quasi-geometric design with their outdoor pool somewhat in the center. ==> Lobby / Check-in: We were picked up quickly at the hotel/car rental van pick-up areas and our bags loaded by a cheerful driver. We chatted along the way about our flight over and the local weather.. It was a :10 drive at best.. Upon arrival we got our bags back and walked into the lobby.. The first thing youll notice about the lobby is the nice fire place with sitting chairs and the like.. It has a very pleasing Northwest feel to it. As our rooms are pre-paid and pre-assigned, there is little front desk formality aside from room key distribution. ==> Room: My room was a basic mid-tier level in the main building and had a good view of the airport to the west. The rooms are well equipped, but not over-the-top. It was decorated in soft tones of golden yellows with some green and accented with natural woods. The room had a half-sized work desk with multi-power plugs and good direct lighting. The TV was a newer flat screen TV with traditional programming. There is also a self-service stocked coffee/tea maker and the highlight of my stay-- THE COOKIES-- to which they are somewhat famous for! Being close to the airport I was glad to see that the windows were reasonably well sound insulated. They were not totally sound proof, but even with aircraft landing nearby I could not say the sound was noticeable or distracting by any means. The drapes/window coverings arent totally black-out, so those who are extremely light sensitive sleepers may have some issues in the post-sunrise hours. The bed: It was a traditional US queen sized and more than ample for one. They had nice sheets and pillows (extra in my closet if needed) and an ample duvet as well. ==> Bathroom: My bathroom was average sized and equipped with most common fixtures. It had a combination tub/shower which I prefer as I like to take a leisurely soak from time to time. They provide most basic toiletries as well. Everything in my room and bathroom was in proper working order and was spotlessly clean as I would hope, and expect. ==> Hotel facilities and Amenities: The hotel has an outdoor seasonal pool which is located in the middle of the other smaller wings. Small, but more than ample for a dip or a leisure swim.. The hotel has a decent sized work out room and the best featurean electronic indoor driving range! Naturally, being an airport hotel, they have all the classic airport-hotel features like free 24/7 airport shuttles, business center, newsstand, sundries store and the like. There are two in-house restaurants; one that serves only breakfast in the morning and a second that opens in the early afternoon and serve both lunch and dinner. Neither serves on a 24 hour basis. You can also use room service, but this too is not a 24hour service. ==> SUMMARY: This hotel gets good reviews from my flying colleagues and I see why. Their staff are always pleasant and willing to do what you ask. The hotel is well maintained and has some character to it- you feel like youre in the Northwest. Rooms are of ample size and well appointed- nothing over the top, nor run down either. They have all the amenities, services and facilities that youd expect from an airport-area hotel. ** PROS: Great location and easy access to/from the airport. Friendly staff. EXCELLENT cookies. There are some nearby alternate dining options that are very walkable. ** CONS: Limited in-house dining options. Room rates, prices for food/drink and parking options are little high (but in line with other hotel chains of the same class).