This hotel is so close to the airport that you can walk it in about 25 mins if so inclined. Good news is, they've got a free airport shuttle, so no need to lug your luggage all by yourself. Quick and efficient check-in with friendly staff. Bonus treat: warm, gooey, chocolate chip cookies (1 per person). Hotel is very big. There's a center tower then several 3-storey "legs" that branch out from the lobby. We needed an accessible room for my grandma, so we we got adjacent rooms on the 3rd floor of the center tower. Piece of cake to find. Same guy that drove the shuttle also brought us (w/ our luggage) to our rooms. Very accommodating and made you feel welcome right away. Each room came with 2 queen sized beds, a TV, a table w/ chair & lots of clean towels. There's a pool that's mostly full of young families. It was a welcome refreshment after a long, hot day at a wedding. Didn't eat at the restaurant so can't comment. Had a rental car, and was very disappointed to find out that the daily parking rate was $17+. Unbelievable. Sure, it's what the other places charge, but guests should get free parking, or a break on the price. Especially since the hotel doesn't include breakfast. Rooms, bathrooms and common areas were very clean. Right around the corner from the lobby, there's a small cafe. In front of the cafe are 4 computers with free internet access. Useful since the hotel does not have free wi-fi in the rooms. Have to pay for internet access in the room per day, but it was too expensive. There were some people in the lobby with their laptops, so presumably, you can get free wi-fi in the lobby. Beds are clean and comfy, so I had very restful nights. Air conditioning was fantastic! A welcome relief during the hot August summer. Service was excellent and staff were swift to respond to requests. Our first day, we had lost the key to our suitcase lock, so had to call for maintenance to bring a pair of pliers. They were knocking at our door within 5 minutes of our call. On our 2nd last day, our key cards were demagnetized (from storing them with the cellphones & cameras in our purses). Was too tired to make it back down to the lobby so called for assistance. The cheerfully brought us new key cards within 10 minutes of our call (they had to program new ones). The first morning there, I was awakened early by the mass exodus of cruise ship passengers, but other than that, the hotel is pretty quiet. Lots of business and airline crews, so guests kept to themselves. Since we had a rental car, we didn't use public transit, so can't comment on that. However, this hotel is very accessible to and from the major freeways. This location is busy, so it felt safe even at nights. There's a Jack In The Box across the street and an IHOP less than a 5-minute drive down the main street. Despite the extra and exorbitant fees for parking & internet & breakfast, I liked this hotel because I can depend on cleanliness in the rooms, bathrooms, lobby & common areas and on friendly & accommodating staff. The only reason I'd consider another location for my next visit is if I got all that, PLUS free parking, wi-fi and breakfast.