We stayed here after flying into SEA airport before our backpacking trip in Mt. Rainier NP. It was easy to find the free hotel shuttle bus from the airport. The first few buses were full of arriving passengers (we arrived on a Thursday evening, which is busy at any major airport, so I understand). The drivers were very friendly and apologetic when a few of us couldn't get on the first two shuttles, but they were proactive in using their radios to call other drivers to give them the heads-up. But, we got to the hotel just fine, and they gave us a voucher for food/drinks anywhere in the hotel that more than made up for having to wait a few extra minutes :). We were given warm cookies at check-in, where the front desk agents were very nice and took no time to get us checked-in. I thought that they would be really backed up with all of the full shuttles dropping off passengers before us, but there were only two or three people in line when we walked up. We got upgraded to a nice balcony room on a high floor (we're HH Gold), but I can't comment on the view because we arrived after dark and it was foggy the next morning. Our room's balcony wrapped all the way around the side of the building but didn't have any chairs or tables. The room didn't have the newest decor, but the bed was very comfortable; the bathroom was nothing spectacular. I had specifically requested a room facing away from the airport tarmac and toward Mt. Rainier, so I don't know if noise would have been an issue had we stayed on the other side of the building. I don't recall any noise from neighboring rooms or jet engines the entire night. We used our voucher to order breakfast delivered to our room, so I can't comment on the breakfast in the restaurant downstairs, but the room service was on time and food was good and hot. But the restaurant did have a Starbucks station in-house (that gets lots of points with an addict like me), and tons of comfortable seating w/ fireplaces that looked welcoming even if you weren't eating at the restaurant itself. There were some public computers near the entrance to the restaurant, which I used to print our car rental reservation, and another seating area with fireplace near the lobby entrance. The staff/valets were very friendly and helpful.