Stayed in March, 2010 for a one night lay over at SEATAC airport. Location proximity to airport can't be beat. Shuttle picks up opposite the terminal. Take the skybridge towards the parking garage and pick up the shuttle where all of the other hotel and parking lot buses pick up. There is a complimentary phone to call the hotel, but it is not necessary as the shuttle runs all the time. I have been told that the frequency depends on the time of day. I waited 15 minutes. Shuttle was packed with airline crew members as this seems to be the place that many crews overnight. This made check-in painfully slow. Even though there is a dedicated check-in for airline crews, they are sharing the same number of check-in clerks so the regular check-in was reduced to one staff member. Eventually a second person came to help out, but when all was done I waited over 15 minutes to check in. During the check-in process, cookies were received and I was asked if I was okay with a room that only had a shower in the bathroom. I said that this was fine. Reviews are correct when they say that the layout of the hotel is confusing. I've never been lost in a hotel, but I found it difficult to find my room and had to back track once. Once I figured out the first number of the room is the building number, things made much more sense and the signage was adequate to find the room. The room was smallish, and somewhat motel like in layout and finishes. The room, on the first floor overlooked a parking lot and another building in the background. The bathroom was a decent size and did indeed only have a shower. Again, the reviews stating that the bathroom floors are tile, unheated, and very cold are accurate. The floors in the bathroom were so cold I had to put down towels to create pathways. The shower, although a decent size, was disappointing and next time I'll be sure to ask for a tub. The hotel is beautiful from the outside. Sort of "west coast meets Polynesia". The inside common areas are also quite beautiful, although still undergoing a rennovation in places including the front desk area. The rooms, although updated with new furniture, flat screen, bedding, etc., the overall layout and design of the rooms seem dated, including the door itself with a huge gap on the bottom. Considering the price paid on Priceline.com, I would say that this hotel gave very good value for the price paid. I found the staff pleasant, but I really did not require their services so I can't comment on what other reviewers have said about the apathy of many of the staff. The location can't be beat, and it is true that you could actually walk from the airport depending on terminal. I just could not figure out the sidewalk route I would take and one could tell from the layout of the airport that walking is just not encouraged, but it s doable. There are many small fast food restaurants in the area, but fine dining appears to be limited. The landscaping of the hotel is beautiful, but I feel that all of Seattle is like this: lush. I'll be back again by the end of the month and looking forward to my return visit.