I had a one-night layover flying in from Europe and out the next morning to Ca. This hotel is very convenient and comfortable, being located close to the airport and with large and comfortable rooms. The hotel is huge, with many wings, so if you have lots of luggage ask for a room close to the lobby as others have pointed out. Their free shuttle service is somewhat confusing and needs improvement. Follow the signs to ground transportation/airport shuttles. There are very many shuttles so you have to read the signs where to stand for Hilton/Doubletree. The first shuttle wouldn't let me on, said I had to make a reservation but when I called the hotel they said no rez necessary! The second one was 20 minutes later. I was extremely lucky to be the last person on, hence first off as there was only one receptionist and about 8 people were lined up behind me for check-in. Room I booked my room as a reward stay and it was a big king, w/balcony, desk, big tv, big bathroom with extra vanity area outside, nice Neutrogena products, air-conditioning (it occasionally warms up in Seattle). Bed comfort is very subjective; I found this bed comfy and firm enough. The room was clean, no complaints here. But: it was on the ground floor and I question the security at this hotel. I was right next to an exit and there are so many wings and so many exits I am sure people get in and out all the time. Not good. Keep your door and balcony bolted. Restaurants I had a very pleasant small evening meal (a cup of clam chowder, a delicious pecan and goat cheese salad and glass of wine) for a reasonable price. As other reviewers point out, there are plenty of options in the area. I also breakfasted at the hotel, a reasonable $12 for a continental buffet. The warm buffet costs more; you can also order from the menu. Most airport-hotel restaurants charge an arm & leg so thumbs up to Doubletree for these tasty, affordable options for dinner and breakfast. Facilities. Free internet in public areas (wireless for a charge in the rooms), computers for printing boarding passes; gift shop; guest laundry coin-operated--a nice feature though there is nowhere to make change unless you purchase something (the front desk would't make change)! There is a nice outdoor pool area, I didn't try it but it looked to be a favorite spot for guests. I didn't try room service, though there were dirty dishes left in the halls (not good, Doubletree). Check-out I used the express check-out option and returned to the airport on the free shuttle (it is customary to tip the driver who will lift your luggage on and off); again, if you are using the shuttle you will need to be patient and also calculate plenty of time as they apparently run only every 20-30 minutes and are crowded. I didn't try the parking so no comment. I suppose you can also take a taxi; it's less than a mile to Seatac. Oh: I think you can catch a Seattle public bus right on the street for real cheap so that's definitely an option if you don't have piles of luggage. This public bus will also pick you up at the Terminal at arrivals. It is a super option if you are traveling to downtown, only about $2.00 (I have used it lots in the past), and I think it stops near this hotel too. Conclusion: If you can get a good rate this is absolutely a great place to stay for a layover if you don't have time to stay somewhere downtown and visit the beautiful city of Seattle (if you have a few hours take the public bus, stops near Pike Place Market etc). p.s. I forgot the delicious warm cookie at check-in, everybody loves that