Once you find youself confidently in the proper spot on the third level courtesy curb at Sea-Tac, which is no small adventure unto itself, just look for the large Doubletree bus. There is another downtown Doubletree shuttle so make sure you are on the correct shuttle! Only a short 8 minute ride put us at the hotel check in for a signature warm cookie and friendly service. I was originally assigned a ground room floor in a remote building but requested a 3rd floor/top floor room instead, preferably overlooking the onsite pond. Without a blink from the desk clerk, I got my third floor...only later did I understand it was in the tall tower staring at scaffolding that was part of the exterior stucco project occuring this April and May. I had a view of two busy streets, a parking lot and the large Northwest Airlines maintenance hangar each morning. Despite not being informed of this construction on checkin or during my reservation, the workers were of no consequence and I never heard them. I just had to keep a south window curtain pulled since the scaffolding was right....there. I was here for an intense work session anyhow and it wasn't noisy beyond what I expected for an airport hotel so I bit the bullet and kept the room. I'll get the 3rd floor pond view on another visit. I'm sure I could've pushed but just needed to get settled and get busy. The building layout here is rather adventurous so take care to consider how far you want to be from certain features and/or activities. If you do want a view, the upper floors of the tower offer westward views across SeaTac and the Elliot Bay area. Despite the ages of the buildings, the lower structures all have a very contemporary northwest feeling to them with exposed beams and rich details throughout the complex. I found this to be very welcoming and comfortable. Keep in mind the views are limited if any from this complex. The tower room had a corner wrap around deck but no exterior chairs to enjoy the crisp humid air. I did have a chair out for a few evening hours to enjoy the air. Since the deck above partially covered mine, it was like a room extension and the wraparound deck was enormous. Without scaffolding and workers there I'm sure it is downright enjoyable. The room itself was large with a mixture of maple and cherry woods with contemporary shapes and accents. Upon entering the room, to the left is a full sink and closet, with the bath, toilet and another full sink further left and separated by a door. They have the nice touch of a full length mirror on this door, whcih seems to be a rarity for hotels I been in recently. The closet was generous and had plenty of hangars, an iron and ironing board. A few steps further into the room and it oepned up to the bed, a long couch, end table, coffee table, occassional chair, a full size desk and even an adjustable task chair for the desk area. The king size bed was comfortable and had 6 comfortable feather pillows. The bedside table had a phone along with the standard Hilton multi-function alarm clock. Doubletree offers a Wolfgang Puck branded coffee and tea with a special maker for you to use (but you'll have to unplug your computer to do it). The adjacent desk area was comfortable and easy to work on. My only complaint was the single outlet space on the desk shared by the coffee maker. If you have more than three items to charge or want coffee, you'll have to go looking high and low. HVAC was electronically controlled and was easily and quickly adjusted. It was a return air system and was only a low hum. Ther return air register above the stand alone sink was furrier than a pet shop and definately needed a good vacuum and wipe down. Each room is equipped with pay by the day or pay by the hour ethernet internet and I had no problems connecting for service. If you want to save the time or only need it for a short period, the lobby area has reliable wifi for free. I only hooked up one day of my stay and the others I used the lobby wifi for data transfers. Using a webservice you can print directly to the front desk and it will be delivered or you can pick it up. This was a huge time saver and no charge for the service. It works from both the pay accounts and the free wifi. Decor was toward the tans, oranges, and browns in the room, and that kept a nice feeling depite the typical semi sunny and rainy weather during the stay. The room carpet was well kept with only a few stains near the coffee maker. The bathroom was roomy and clean. I still find it hard to overlook the extensive grout mold that seems to crop up at all price points only because it is not a hard fix, it just takes someone using the right material in a proper install. The complimentary nutragena bath condiments were welcome as I like that they are non-allergenic and don't leave a scent of any sort. The best part of the bathroom was the lack of noise from any other resident or function around you. The room was overall a fairly quiet place but keep in mind you are across from a busy airport and a stones throw from one of the bsuiest intersections in the region. You will hear noise and some of it will be loud enough to notice. The features of the hotel are pretty good. The lobby restaurant is pretty good for all meals and the bar/grill could use better service but didn't get so bad as to not be able to recommend it. There is a little coffee and danish spot as well as a full service sundries shop, just be ready to pay airport prices for your purchases. The bright spots are the well appointed health clubs that serve the tower and complex. Among the nicest I've seen in the past few years. The tower room looking west was too low to see anything but high enough not to be insulated from the road and airport noise. I'd go as as high up as possible in the tower to have the view or as far to the northeast as possible to get a room on the pond and some quiet. Everything in between will still have something in proximity - you'd do well to look at the hotel layout and talk it over with the reservation or desk clerk to get the room you really want. I"ll be back, but on that 3rd or 4th floor overlooking the pond next time.