Stayed here two nights with my husband at the end of December (Wed and Thurs). We checked in around 10:30pm without any issues. It was quick and easy. They did tell us that parking would be $10/day and internet was $9.95 or $14.95 depending on which speed you wanted. We were assigned a room on the third floor, king bed, non smoking. Our room was great. There is a living room with couch, desk, and TV that is separated from the bedroom and bathroom. There is a little sink area outside of the bathroom with mini fridge and microwave. The bedroom was a little small. The bed took up most of the space, but it was fine. The bathroom was average in size and came with crabtree & evelyn shampoo/conditioner/soap/body wash. Do keep in mind that there is a train nearby in the area and you will hear it periodically throughout your stay. You will also hear noise in the atrium if you are in the living room area. We couldn't hear the atrium from the bedroom. This seems to be the hotel of choice for high school and college teams. There were a bunch of teenagers gathering in the lobby and atrium area at night talking and having fun. Breakfast during the weekdays is from 6-9am. I don't know why breakfast ends so early on the weekdays. On the weekends, breakfast is served from 7-10am. We had breakfast on one day and it was really good. There was a line for the hot food, where they take your omelet order. You also get to choose from pancakes, hashbrowns, scrambled eggs, sausage, and bacon. There is also the usual stuff like muffins, yogurt, and fresh fruit. It's a really decent breakfast with good selection. There seemed to be enough seating for everyone. If you miss breakfast, there is a bunch of fast food restaurants down the road. I think I saw a Jack in the Box and Taco Bell and a 7-11 store. The hotel is also close to Southcenter Shopping mall, a Target, and Costco. The hotel is right off the 405. We found the hotel's location to be very convenient. Parking spaces are a little cramped and some cars parked crooked or took up 2 spaces. It was a little annoying having to pay extra for parking when there is a lot of parking available. I also think that internet should be complimentary. We got this hotel through priceline for $41/night. It's a great deal and would stay again for that price.