Let it be known that I am a big fan of Embassy Suites hotels. When I traveled to Seattle for business, I decided to try out this property because my experience across at a hotel across the street had not been so good two weeks prior. It happened to be the Sunday night of Labor Day Weekend when I checked in so the hotel was extra crowded. The front desk staff were well trained and went above and beyond the call of duty for two guests in front of me and also for me. Because I did my homework and read the Trip Advisor review by another guest, I brought earplugs so that when the train rumbled in the "backyard", I couldn't hear it. The building vibrated every time a train went by but it was like having a free magic fingers bed. Speaking of the bed, it was incredibly comfortable; the room had all the accoutrements that you'd expect at an Embassy Suites property. The only two areas in which the hotel could improve are listed below: 1. More luggage carts. I had to print off several pages of legal documents so I took my printer with me on this trip. It was convenient to have the luggage cart on Sunday night. On Monday morning at 9:30, there were none to be found. I was told there were only five. I had to make three trips to my car. While I didn't mind the exercise, it made me late for my next appointment even though I allowed plenty of time. 2. Have extra staff work breakfast on a holiday morning. I went down for breakfast at 8:00 a.m. and there was still two hours of breakfast service remaining--until 10 a.m. There were no plates, no utensils, no trays, no coffee--regular or decaf, no juice (but the Coke dispenser was working). They had run out of food in the regular tray line. There were so many people looking for all of the above that one could hardly move. I don't think I've ever been to any hotel where there were more people in the breakfast area. I was really disappointed and it took me an hour to get my food. The line was 30 minutes long to get a made-to-order breakfast. One guest asked the kitchen employee if there was any more coffee and she yelled at her and said that she was too busy this morning. Apparently, she was stressed out and needed some help in the kitchen. My guess is that when the vacancy rate is higher, this would be a calmer environment on a normal morning. I would stay here again despite those two concerns because I had one of the best sleeps ever and that's the reason, after all, that one stays in a motel: to get a good night's rest.