Not as bad as others here make it sound I read all the reviews of this hotel before my vacation. I was so worried that it was going to be horrible, that I almost booked a second reservation elsewhere just in case it was as bad as people made it out to be. It wasn't.First, I called the day before I left to confirm my reservation. The person that answered the phone was very poliet and professional. They confirmed my reservation was accurate and made through priceline. I was told that they could not guarantee me early check-in at that moment (my flight was arriving at 8:30 in the morning,) but would do what they could.This leads me to point two, upon arriving, there were two professionally dressed women behind the front desk. We were greeted warmly and checked-in immediately since they had rooms open. The woman who helped us was named Jasmine, I believe, and was very much a professional. I did not see one untucked or wrinkled shirt as other have alleged on here. She confirmed the days that we would be staying and gave us two card keys without needing to ask for two (as I have had to do at other hotels.)Third, there was no construction mess or noise as others have said, there was minor things being done to the front lobby, but nothing messy or noisy. The AC worked in our room quite well, and we even could adjust it to suit our needs. The carpets were old, and do need to be replaced, which I am sure will be done as they continue to improve this hotel.When we called to the front desk to inquire into where to catch a bus to Seattle, the woman that answered happily told us exactly where to catch it, and even told us if we stopped by the front desk on the way out they had bus scedules for that route we could get. This is definitely professional service if I have ever had it.The only complaint I can think of besides the carpets in the room, is the continental breakfast. It is a sad one and is only offered from 6-9 am.I would definitely recommend this hotel to people that are staying in Seattle for a short time, since it is close to both the airport and Downtown, even though for an extended trip focusing on dowtown, it is not so convient. Ah, I almost forgot to mention, there is even a computer in the lobby for guest use for those of us that do not have laptops. I thought this was excellent and haven't seen that at many hotels I have stayed.