Small and intimate; made great friends! Complete Resort/Hotel Name The Colony Bay Resort March 8-15Location of Resort (eg: Punta Cana) Uvero AltoYour first name Cate/LavenderswirlWhere are you from? Nova ScotiaArrival and Flight One hour delay and then a smooth flight on an Air Transat Airbus 310. Duration 3 hours and 40 minutes direct, Halifax to Punta Cana. Our bus was easily found and we were on our way with 2 other couples who were staying at Sirenis. The drive was no longer that 50 minutes.Check-in was smoothly handled and our request to be located close together and on the 3rd floor was readily accommodated. We had time for a bite and within 1/2 hour our rooms were ready.At check-in, we were shown the list of items that were NOT all-included in our mini-fridges and asked to sign a paper acknowledging that we were to pay for these if they were used. The safe locks were free and we have paid 20US for them at other resorts. We were given two towel cards and one key which we quickly removed from its wooden tag bearing the room number. It was never a problem to get a second one if a companion was not nearby with the originally issued one.Rooms If my description of the rooms differs from other posters, please check the dates of the reviews. Some of them are from February, and much has changed! Rooms were smaller than some we have had in PC, but larger than others. They had attractive colours, blue, yellow and greens, and crown mouldings around the ceilings. Energy efficient bulbs were of sufficient wattage to read, shave or apply make-up by. The dresser had deep drawers and the closets were enormous with plenty of hangers. It was spotlessly clean, and made up early in the day. Water temperature and pressure were fine, and it is advisable to take down the handheld shower nozzle first until you get used to the operation. Bed linens were not top quality but were pristine white and crisp. No extra blanket was needed if you set the a/c to a reasonable temperature. The large ceiling fans were wonderful, and we often left our patio door open at night to listen to the ocean with no worries of insects. The Uvero Alto area has a stiff breeze and this seems to preclude mosquito or fly infestations completely. We did not see a one. The flat screen TV had all manner of satellite channels and excellent reception the few times we actually turned it on to catch some CNN News. We had no water leaks, no interruptions from staff entering (a o not disturb?sign was always respected). One a/c malfunction was attended to with an hour of our report.Restaurants On the night we arrived, there was a fire which burned the roof thatch off the main buffet. It is believed that it was an electrical malfunction to blame. Fortunately there were no casualties. It was gratifying to see the initial shock turn to a full-bore cooperative effort on the parts of staff and guests alike, working in unison to clear the restaurant of furnishings, dishware and so on. I like to think that this was an example of good old Canadian helpfulness in a time of need; it what we DO. The management sent us a letter of thanks the next day. Dominicans and Canadians together make a good team!At no time did the fire interrupt the exceptional food service we received. The Carite Beach restaurant became our breakfast and lunch space for buffet servings. Each night there has a theme. Sunday night is the seafood gala which we enjoyed tremendously. There was also a pizzeria and the Steakhouse a la carte available. We booked the Steakhouse twice and had very delicious food here, including wings, quesadillas, caesar salad and a choice of grilled beef, sausage, pork and chicken. I heartily recommend the rib eye, and be sure to specify how you like it cooked, erring on the side of rare or blue if you like it red. There was a very nice Argentinian Malbec on their wine list which held up nicely to the grilled beef! Favorites of our group of 6 were the breads, bocconcini and olives, omelets from Marisol, the fantastic Dominican tomatoes and pasta. The servers deserve much praise for their never-ending smiles, efforts to please and prompt attention to guests. We really enjoyed the service of Ramito, Angel and Marcelina, among many!Bars Top shelf costs extra here, which is not a 5-star quality. We did manage to get fine drinks at the lobby bar and the pool ?beer, gin and tonics, vodka chi-chis, champagne. Careful with the BoomBooms! Fluorescent drinks might not be the best choice if you tend to overindulge! Thanks to Henry and JoseLuis at the swim-up for hours of service and amusing banter. JuanRamon and Daniel did a great job of keeping glasses full in the lobby, as did Cristian in the Sports Bar.Beach and Pools Great effort has been given to keeping the pool, hot tubs, and beach clean since the early days of negative reviews. Uvero Alto is almost always windy and the sand becomes airborne unless the area around the pool is kept hosed down. When the vegetation grows in more, it will form a break. Washrooms, located near the pool and restaurants, were pretty much immaculate even after a long day of people in and out. Abelardo has soft fluffy yellow towels for you as often as you feel you need them. Beach is thoroughly raked and we saw very little glass, plastic or cigarette butts . . . Canadians clean up after themsleves extremely well, even trying to recycle all the plastic water bottles/cups!! :) Many of the palms are young, newly planted. There were ample palapas for the shade lovers and no contention about saving loungers as there were sufficient for all. Sand is a pale yellow, not brown, soft and warm.Grounds As with the palms, gardeners were at work every moment planting hibiscus, yucca, bougainvillea, crotons and other native species. We remember how much growth there was year to year when the Grand Paradise first opened, so Colony Bay will be lush and verdant by next fall. Please be cautious walking on some of the rougher pathways back behind the buildings with the rooms ?the concrete is uneven there. There are geese, ducks, flamingos and turtles in ponds in front of the lobby. Their enclosures were drained and scrubbed clean twice in our week.Activities and Entertainment We knew the rill?of a day near the pool after so many trips south, so we were beach dwellers during the mornings. The animation team did the requisite stretching, aerobics and dance lessons daily. We politely suggested that they mix up the music for these activities a bit more! nchained Melody?haunts us still! LOL They did not harass us to join in. We had full cooperation from these hardworking young people, especially when we saw a need to report some unseemly comments. Turns out it was mostly a cultural thing, and apologies were accepted.The spa was also an experience worth mentioning ?the masseuses were well-trained and did reflexology, chakra points, lymphatic drainage, shiatsu, deep-tissue, hot stone, and aromatherapy massages among other treatments! The anti-stress 80 minute massage left two of us feeling like we were walking on clouds afterwards.Tours Having done these other times, we opted to stay beached this year. As usual, other guests returning from excursions waxed poetic about their experiences in Saona. A new one this year was Freedom Adventures to San Rafael del Yuma . . . reasonably priced! See Patricia (she speaks French and Spanish) in the jewellery boutique in the lobby for information. Ask about Lionel (Lee-oh-nel) and his excursion. Departure and Check Out We checked the Sunquest book the night before and found that we had a delay of three hours in our departure time so we got to see our friends longer than we thought the next morning. When our bus did arrive, we were sad to leave our little community and new friends.Conclusion The Colony Bay Resort, its owners, management and staff, deserve kudos for running an operation this smoothly after being rushed to open for the igh season? Two months in, I believe, and the other 5 people in our group concur, they made our stay a pleasure. The fault squarely lies in the promotion being done by the tour companies who have represented the hotel as a 4 1/2 or 5 star. We were appalled to discover that there were such disparities in the prices guests had paid for their one-week all-inclusive stays. We booked in October 2007. Some who booked earlier paid much less, some more. Imagine our dismay, also. to find that travellers from much farther air distances had paid ONE-THIRD what we had for the same rooms, same service, same food and drink and the SAME March Break week!!! Though we are not litigious in nature, we do plan to approach this company from whom we have had superior service in the past, for compensation.What we loved best about Colony Bay was its small size ?there were never any lineups anywhere. We actually saw the same people more than once during the week! We met some amazing folks at this small and intimate resort, and THEY and the staff made this one our best experiences on holiday. All our best wishes to Colony Bay as it grows and improves! Michelle, Sandi, Leah, Jeff, Lynn, Rick, Chris, Gino, Patricia, Audrey, Veronica, Dan, Paige, Cameron, Hanna, Patti . . . and all the others, THANKS! Where to next year, my friends?