beautiful waves yes this is a new hotel. my daughter and I stayed from Feb. 25, 2008 until march 3, 2008 and too say the least it was great ,very personal feeling while your there. colony bay is one of the smallest resorts I have ever stayed in (which is 3 times a year ) but by no means is that a bad thing. You can actually remember a lot of names of the people. If you are a person that likes too get a 5 star service and demand nothing but the best this is not for you, and yes I would have to say it is not a five star nor will it ever be. after saying that it will probably be a solid 4 star once the grounds are more mature considering every plant and flower needs time too grow. we arrived very late around 1 am. I really don't think they were expecting us. there seemed too be some confusion but after a quick drink and some pizza at the sports bar it was all figured out quickly and we had our room. 80 % of the people I spoke to knew English enough to actually have a conversation along with other languages. the room was nice and we had no problems with anything the beds were comfortable,tv and phone worked, shower was one of the best ones I have ever had the water pressure was great and so was the temperature. the food was also very good .I am almost ashamed too admit it but we only made it to breakfast on the last day because my daughter and I stayed out most nights dancing the night away witch I will talk about further down.There is 2 buffets nightly 1 is by the lobby it was very good lots too chose from. we mainly went to the buffet closer to the water because it was outdoors and it had a different theme every night. There was one other restaurant the steakhouse but we were told it was no good and I'm not a big fan of Dominican beef so we didn't try it. sorry forgot about the pizzeria by the sports bar as well ,everyone seemed to like it. the grounds were kept very clean yes the hot tub by the morning would get dirty but you can't control the wind and sand everyone seemed quick to take pictures when it was dirty but in reality they cleaned it often this is what I mean when I say not for people that expect to go to the Dominican and have everything perfect every second of the day. great for people that like to actually go away and enjoy what your there for VACATION!!! the beach (not white sand) but still beautiful was very nice to watch you wouldn't let your children go there unattended but very nice and fun to play in the waves once you get in. the pool was a lot of fun the animation crew was the best . they worked very hard to keep the guest entertained witch they did quite well even thinking about it now I still laugh. If your the type that likes to just relax a simple no thank you and they won't bother you again. the shows at night were also quite entertaining again they work very hard to please you and they do!! There is a very nice lobby bar very nice to sit there and relax before and after dinner bar staff very friendly every where on the resort and you never have to wait for a drink. I don't usually write such a long review but I honestly feel this resort was unfairly judged considering it just opened! Don't be afraid to go here just remember everything takes time and don't sweat the small things and you won't ruin your vacation by being angry because its not perfect YET!!! I witnessed some people being very rude to the staff when in reality all they had to do was ask and I'm 100% sure any problem they did have would have been dealt with in a timely matter. As for the dancing the night away I mentioned earlier the staff are there to make sure you have fun and if you want to I would recommend the disco/sports bar lots and lots of fun, but if you want to sit and relax maybe not so active you definitely have to go to the bar at the main lobby where Daniel and other bar staff will take care of you !