Just stayed one night on a whim and made the reservation by phone about 6 hours before arrival. Paid 20 extra for a pool side room and was assured it was one of the rooms that has a sliding glass door to walk out to the pool. When I arrived by myself with my two children the woman at the desk checking me looked at my two kids and then at me (who were, by the way, perfectly behaved but a little tired) and said I had been "upgraded" to a room on the 3rd floor. I said, No, I paid for a reserved a room that was poolside. She again insisted I had been "upgraded" (how getting moved to a far away room with one bed for the 3 of us is an upgrade, I just don't understand) and no poolside rooms were available. I said that at least one was available 6 hours ago when I called and PAID for it. This went around for a bit until she obviously realized I wasn't stupid enough to believe it was an "upgrade" nor would I be budging until we had our POOLSIDE room (which is the SOLE reason I chose to stay there). I did not appreciate the change in room nor the way it seemed as if it was done when she sized me up as being a mom traveling alone. That was my distinct impression. Fairly annoying and I hate my kids to see me treated like that. When we walked away, my older son remarked, "Obviously she didn't get the memo to NOT MESS WITH MY MOM." That pretty much sums up how the front desk experience unfolded. I was NOT pleased but remained polite, but firm. It should have never happened, though. Despite that, the room was clean. Small but comfortable. Bed bug check was clean. No sign of them and no bites overnight (I always check). The pool was great as always. The only reason I gave service 3 stars was because of the cook at the breakfast buffet. He was awesome! Not only did he gladly serve my kids their somewhat different tastes and didn't make them feel different for it, he knew we were headed to an event and helped us out with a better way to get there and some other things to do in the area. He even went and checked on parking for us and got us a great map and pointed things out to us. Parking is ridiculously expensive. I recommend this hotel because the poor service seemed to be isolated to the front desk (and maybe even that particular woman---I am not sure). I may stay there again but I don't enjoy being hassled and treated like a second class citizen after driving 4 hours so maybe not. Also, the parking charge is outrageous and adds quite a percentage to the bill if you figure it into the room cost. Total ripoff. Despite the parking and front desk, the breakfast buffet and pool are great and the beds are comfortable so overall I will give it a thumbs up although really I am neutral and would prefer the option of a sideways thumb.