I stayed at the Sea-Tac Marriott for one evening on a business trip. It is located directly across the street from the airport, so it is a great location if you arrive on a late flight, or have to leave on an early flight. I arrived on a late flight. I slept in a bit the next morning, and never heard any plane noise, so the hotel is well sound proofed. The parking is restricted, but there is plenty available and it is free if you self-park. The lobby is unique and rustic, with plenty of overstuffed couches and fireplaces. My check-in went smoothly and I had a room on the 9th floor. (Note - another reviewer said there were only five floors; this is true in parts of the hotel, but there is an annex with 9 floors that is separate from the main courtyard area.) I ordered room service for dinner (the crab sandwich and a salad). The food was delivered promptly and was quite tasty. The room itself was small, as many airport hotels are since space is usually at a premium. The bathroom was particularly tiny. However, the bed was quite comfortable, and there was plenty of work space. There are also robes in the closet. The workout room was spectacular - one of the nicest anywhere. There were numerous ellipticals, treadmills, and bikes, all with personal TVs and headphones provided. There were also several weight machines. Fresh fruit was provided along with a refrigerator that offered cool towels. There were plenty of sanitizing wipes, cups, water, everything for an enjoyable workout. The pool area is quite lovely and peaceful. There are plenty of tables and chairs scattered around. Of course, I had to take photos of the huge totem pole. Very cute! The small gift shop has prepared items for a quick breakfast. I grabbed a fruit cup and a bagel and cream cheese and it was quite reasonable and fresh. Upon checkout, I was easily able to arrange to keep my car at the hotel for a few hours past checkout while my colleague drove us to a meeting. The front desk was very accommodating. By the way, I saw no bugs or black widow spiders. In fact, I thought the hotel and my room were spotlessly clean.