I have stayed at this hotel a few times inthe last several months. The first stay was not the best, but the subsequent ones got better, and they have obviously taken some of the notes on the comment cards seriously. The hotel is located near SeaTac with a frequent shuttle. There is a tower, 8-9 floors high, and an atrium area that is about 3-4 floors high. Note, the tower rooms really have no view although some are advertised as having Mt. Rainier views. (Maybe before the trees grew!) Regardless of where you are, in the tower youwill be looking at the roof/ventilation or the roof/associate entrance. Avoid rooms ending in X16 and X18 as these are a bit noisy when the trucks show up. Odd numbered tower rooms will be a little noisy from the AC but frankly it wasn't as bad! The bathrooms are small, and double double rooms are a little crowded. King rooms seem bigger and have a chair and ottoman. All have been redone very recently but don't have the big flat screen TVs. The desk is pretty roomy and there is a cabinet and 2 small drawers...not the greatest storage. Rooms in the atrium area are noisier for some reason. Aside from the noise from the pool (and functions if there are any being held near the pool), it seems that the walls are thinner....last time, I actually thought someone left a cellphone in my room it was ringing so loudly. Food in the hotel is good-could be better. It is a bit pricy. The restaurant is due to be redone 1st quarter 2008. Desserts however, were tasty, and since I had some issues with my meals, they were free! Try the chocolate cake, it is VERY good! The lobby/bar are nice but the music is a lot too loud! One of the songs played has some sort of random spoken sounds...very disconcerting! Internet is part of the $9.95 wired for business package so if you don;t make calls, it's too expensive. I don't know when Marriott will get it through their brains...STOP CHARGING FOR INTERNET! There is a business center with 2 computers and an ethernet cable that you can use for free. Also, you can get free use of internet in the concierge lounge. There are only a couple other dining choices in walking distance (Dennys and 13 coins-which I think is also too expensive.) Other than that, and restaurants in other hotels, you need a car or a cab. Self parking is $16 per day, valet is $22-very high, but it's the norm for cities! Be careful in the shower...tubs can get slippery (I fell). I was able to get a rubber mat, but I also informed the GM and several other people of the situation, and that housekeeping needs to rinse carefully. The hotel is very clean. I even noticed a housekeeper vacuuming the rock wall outside of the restaurant. The staff was friendly, remembering me by name, and by my luggage-which seems to go someplace else when I come to Seattle! Seems that this is also a popular hotel with cruisers as there were a large number of folks heading off to Alaska on Vision of the Seas...maybe this is a Royal Caribbean pre-cruise hotel. Some people hate the pacific northwest design of the hotel-the lobby looks like a lodge. Frankly, I think it is appropriate for the area. There are plenty of places inthe area, but all in all this hotel is nice for flyers or anyone needing to be out inthe SeaTac area. It's about 30-45 minutes to downtown and you can hop on a bus at the airport (I also think there is a stop at the end of the hill) or drive. Also, tours can be arranged-many of which will pick up at airport area hotels. Give it a try!