August 2006 - This was my first visit to the Marriott Seattle Sea-Tac Airport hotel since it was renovated earlier this year. The rooms were comfortable before the renovation, but looked somewhat dated. The renovation made them even more comfortable and gave the rooms a contemporary look. Check in was Marriott fast taking about a minute. The hotel was almost fully booked when I made my reservation and I was not guaranteed the non-smoking king that I prefer. However, when I checked in I received the non smoking king and my preference for a high floor was accommodated. My room was #565 on the top floor of the main building. It was an accessible room facing south. The photos show the room better than I can describe, but my impression walking into my room was this is really nice. The Revive bed not only looks great but is super comfortable. The new desk was very functional. The separate box and wires for broadband internet connection are gone with the electronics hidden elsewhere. The cat 5 cable plugs directly into a panel on the desk which also has a bunch of electrical outlets. The new office chair was GREAT, being both functional and very comfortable. The arm chair and ottoman were new and comfortable. Lighting in the room was excellent. Each of the lamps was bright and all had electrical outlets in the base to accommodate cell phone chargers, etc. The bathroom is also completely new, floor to ceiling. The countertop is granite and the sink was large and deep. The showerhead was about eight inches in diameter which delivered a lot of water without being too strong. Lighting in the bathroom was good. The main lights turn off by themselves and a night light comes on automatically. I think the difference in the room being accessible is that it was a little larger than a standard room and did not have a closet door. The bathroom door was large and the vanity did not have any shelves under it so that someone in a wheel chair could easily use the sink. The combination tub and shower had hand rails and there was a shower chair in the bathroom. I had access to the concierge lounge on the 8th floor. It had also been complete renovated. My first morning hot entrees were scrambled eggs and bacon. The second morning scrambled eggs and port sausage. Besides the hot items there was everything you would expect on a continental breakfast buffet. I was not able to enjoy the hors d'oeuvre ether evening, but did take advantage of the cookies and milk one evening. Parking at the hotel is $14.00 per night and internet access $9.95. The Amex rate for this stay was $189 per night which was comparable to other hotels in the area. Taxes add about 12.5% to just about everything. The hotel has a fairly complete gift shop which was handy because I did not bring any liquids in my carry-on luggage. I was able to buy a small toothpaste and deodorant and I like the new Marriott shampoo and conditioner in the room. I have stayed at the Marriott Sea-Tac Airport hotel quite a few times. I have always liked the service and atmosphere of the hotel. The renovations have made the rooms beautiful and very comfortable. The location is great and the service is excellent. I can recommend this hotel highly.