There are umpteen motels near the Seattle airport, but I chose this one because I am a member of Choice Hotel's points program and could get two of my five vacation nights free. Even if I had paid for all five nights, I would have been pleased with my stay. Visiting Seattle, one might not think of staying near the airport, but a helpful staff person at Seattle Southside Visitor Center, which I phoned while planning my trip, offered the tip that the motels and hotels south of the city are a lot less expensive than downtown, and most offer free shuttle to the airport where you can take the light rail (30 minutes) downtown. I didn't need to rent a car and saved a bundle. Public transportation in Seattle is cheap, safe, convenient and pleasant--there are FREE buses downtown, where I spent much of my time. I was also able to take an express bus to Tacoma for a day trip, by walking four blocks from the motel to the bus stop. I got a free ride to the light rail station whenever I wanted it, and even walked (less than a mile) to the station one sunny day when I wanted some exercise. My room was clean and very quiet--when booking, I asked for a quiet room on the top floor. The neighborhood is perfectly safe, and as a woman who travels alone often, that is a priority for me. The only airport noise I noticed was around the time I normally wake up; otherwise the planes don't seem to go over this location much. Comfortable bed and everything clean. Microwave and refrig in room came in handy. The staff is very helpful (Janelle especially), kept my luggage in storage after I checked out because I was going on a full day tour of Mt. Rainier on my last day. I have rarely encountered a staff that is as friendly and helpful. There is a hot breakfast buffet, free Sunday newspaper, internet computers in the lobby, coffee available all day. Overall, this was one of my most pleasant motel stays. If there is a criticism to be made, it is that the old carpet in the hallways detracts from the otherwise pleasant atmosphere, and needs replacement. For people less physically fit, be aware that there are no elevators.