I am a fan of the Hilton Hotel chain. Through out my travels, they have not disappointed me. This particular hotel has a large layout. There is an open large court yard in the middle of the hotel with the rooms wrapping around it. One very large square. I am sure the court yard is very pretty during spring and summer. I am from the Seattle so I can say that previous reviews regarding noise from the surrounding area should not be given much attention. The hotel is right next to Seatac Airport! You are going to have the usual hustle and bustle that comes with staying near the airport. There are plenty of rooms that do not face the main road. I only heard one plane the entire night. It is to be expected. The room was very nice, usual Hilton standards. The bed was very comfortable as well as the pillows. The pillows impressed me so much that I looked at the tag inside to find the manufacturer and I will be purchasing a few. Nice layout of room, large flat screen TV, desk, safe and chair with ottoman for reading. The cons: no free wifi unless you are an HHonors member. The bathroom was one of the smallest I've seen at a Hilton, though very nice with basic toiletries provided. The ice and vending machines are difficult to locate, no map provided by the hotel. Plan on paying for parking! Self parking is $20 per night in the hotel garage. I did not ask about valet, however I noticed cars parked via the valet service were NOT parked in the large garage but out in the elements. Odd... I like the zip in/zip out option for check out. However, in regard to this particular hotel, you must use your hotel room key to enter and exit the garage. There is a drop box for your room key after you swipe it to leave but it was NOT noted on the bill slipped under the door. You have NO way of knowing about this beforehand. If you follow the directions on the bill, leaving your key in the room, you can not exit the parking area. The devil is in the details. A little more customer service at check in would help OR this hotel can not this on the bill. Overall, happy with my one night. I would stay again but I would ask more questions at check in. ****Hotel restaurant is expensive**** Try the 13 Coins restaurant, it is less than a block away and is a local hot spot.