We found ourselves staying at the Hilton across from SeaTac due to a special that was being run by another hotel booking web site. We were visiting Seattle for a banquet in the Renton area and felt that this location would be satisfactory enough for an overnight stay even though we would be driving quite a bit between the hotel, the banquet and other activities we had planned to do while in town. The first thing I realized after booking this hotel was that parking was not included. In fact, you are pretty hard pressed to find too many 3 star or better properties near the airport that do not charge for parking in addition to the room price. There are a few 2 star and 2.5 star places that do offer guests parking as part of their stay and Im actively seeking them out when I stay in the Seattle or SeaTac area. I suppose the parking is the only issue I have with this property, $20+tax/night for parking is a little high. I was pleased that we had unlimited in/out privileges with the parking and the room key card was utilized to let us in and out of the parking garage. The parking garage is at the rear of the property and also houses a large chunk of the Hiltons conference center. A covered walkway connects the parking garage/conference center to the rest of the property. Our room was quite spacious even though it was a double queen room. The room did adjoin another guestroom, however we never heard or saw any of the guests that might have been staying in the rooms next to ours. Linens were bright and clean and the room was very well kept up, in keeping with typical Hilton standards. I was pleased to see that there was no bedspread, but only a small decorative cover at the foot of the bed. Im always very glad when I visit a hotel that has dispensed with full bead spreads and covers beds in linens that are fully launderable after each guest. The room appeared to have been upgraded and updated at least in the last couple of years. Plumbing features and the bathroom had been fully updated with tile and granite. Coffee service in the room was good, but there were only disposable cups for the coffee. This isnt a bad thing, but an observation as one of the photos for this hotel on Trip Advisor indicates that there are china mugs for the coffee station. The mugs must have gone away at some point in the past for some reason. For a one night stay, or longer for a conference or a weekend, the Hilton at SeaTac is a very nice property. If you are counting your pennies or wondering about costs aside from the room rate, beware that you will pay extra for parking and you will also pay extra for Internet access. I would stay here again because it was clean, comfortable and, for the price I paid, an acceptable value.