My family stayed here on both ends of a trip to Hawaii in December 2008. ( We've stayed at a lot of hotels near the Sea Tac airport, and I think that we've finally found a good one that meets our needs.) Dozens of flights in and out of the airport had been canceled because of a snowstorm. Three feet of snow had fallen at our home in Spokane and the city was coping, but three inches of snow in Seattle and the city grinds to a complete halt! The shuttle easily took us from the airport the short distance to the hotel. Our check in was perfect without any problems, which was a little surprising considering the long long of guests waiting at the counter. Because of the storm, many employees had been held over at the hotel and not gone home. Dozens had worked back to back shifts and many had stayed overnight themselves. (When it snows in Seattle, the city stops suddenly and transportation is very difficult.) The front desk staff could have been cranky but they weren't. I could tell they were tired, but they all seemed to pull together to help out. That's a good sign in the hotel industry. I came in contact with quite a few hotel staff members and they all seemed to want to pitch in and help to get through the crisis. I saw more smiles than frowns. We had connecting king rooms 2105 and 2107 on the ground floor across the hall from several conference and meeting rooms. ($119 plus tax) They were big and comfortable. Everything worked. The bathrooms were a bit small and, for some reason, the toilets were angled diagonally out from the corner of the bathroom, but everything was neat and clean. The business center's two computers and two printers worked. There is a Spencer's steak restaurant in the lobby, and while the food was pretty good it was unusually expensive and the service was unbearably slow. I'll give the restaurant staff some credit for dealing with the bad weather and I'm guessing that a lot of employees weren't able to show up for work, but dinner for four took two hours and cost $250. The waiters all seemed to ignore us, as did the receptionist and the manager. That could have been a better experience and the restaurant itself is not a self-contained unit, it's in a corner of the lobby and during our stay it was extremely cold and drafty. Our nights were peaceful and room service breakfast arrived precisely at the time we had ordered it, which is a very good thing! The fan/air conditioning/heating system in our room seemed extremely noisy. It would have been nicer if it was quieter. Even though there's an outdoor pool on site, it would have been nice if a facility this big had an indoor pool as well. But you can't have everything! This hotel is close to the airport, clean and comfortable with a good restaurant in house. There's a lot to like here. We'll be back.