I stayed at the Seattle Airport Hilton twice within a 10 day period in February on my way to and from Hawaii. Since I live in Spokane, Washignton, I did not want to start my vacation by getting up at 2:00 in the morning to catch a 5:00am flight from Spokane to Seattle and then take a 9:00 flight to Hawaii. On the way back, the flights from Hawaii to Seattle get in after 10:00pm making it challenging (but not impossible) to make a connection back to Spokane. I think that this was a good choice to make and I would definitley do this again. The accomodations were very good and the staff (with one exception) was excellent. An on-demand free shuttle to and from the airport is another highlight. The hotel is almost across the street from the airport. It can be a little noisy but that's to be expected at an airport hotel. I would caution anyone who has never landed at Sea-tac airport that the courtesy shuttles are all in the parking garage. It is necessary to take a skywalk and an elevator to the shuttle area. If you have a lot of baggage definitely rent a cart in the baggage claim area. On my first stay, the shuttle driver was very attentive and friendly and offerred to take my bags up to my room upon check-in. The shuttle drivers take turns and also serve as bellhops. This was very welcome to me because I have been recovering from surgery. However, on my second stay, I did not receive as nice a welcome either from the shuttle driver or the front desk staff. I did arrive around 1030pm and there were other guests checking in at the same time. When I did arrive at the check-in desk, the clerk was apologetic for my wait for the shuttle. This kind of puzzled me because I didn't have much of a wait. It turns out that he thought I was someone else. I was never asked if I needed help to my room. I know I should have asked for assistance but did not which was not good for me physically. It just didn't seem like there was anyone available. Since I am a hilton honors member, I was given an option with my reservation confirmation to order something light through room service in advance. I did so. I inquired about this at the front desk. Without checking at all, the same front desk clerk said that it is the room. This was not the case. It was delivered to me fairly promptly. I do not fault the food service department because I actually arrived earlier than anticipated. However, I felt that the clerk just couldn't be bothered to check. I also called down to the front desk about a problem with one of the room phones in that the speed dials to the desk did not work. The same clerk who had helped me previously answered the phone. He was neither helpful about this situation or very helpful regarding my quesitons about the hotel's business center. I believe that this was most likely a training issue with this individual employee and the not overall service orientaiton for the hotel. All of my other encounters with hotel employees were very postiive. Speaking of food, the hotel restaurant, Spencers is first class. I am familiar with this restaurant since there is also a Spencers at the Doubletree in Spokane. This is not an inexpensive restaurant but the steaks are first class. The restaurant is open for breakfast and dinner. I did have breakfast in the restaurant the second time I stayed there. They had a very extensive breakfast buffet for $17. It was excellent. I'm not sure if they offer this buffet every morning. I would definitely stay at this hotel again for similar circumstances. I fly out of Seattle a lot to go to other parts of the country. It is very convenient to break up the trip. Personally, I probably would not stay here if I was spending any length of time in Seattle itself since it can take an hour from the airport to Downtown Seattle when there's a lot of traffic (which in Seattle is most of the time!). It is doable to do this though. This hotel includes meeting spaces which makes it an ideal destination for a conference or a meeting.