The best thing I can say about the Radisson Seatac during an overnight layover is that it took me all of four minutes from when I turned right at the baggage claim and exited the terminal to arrive to the front door of the hotel. It spent more time waiting in line to check in. I chose the Radisson after reading the erratic reviews of the La Quinta Inn and Red Lion Inn. Although I paid $50-75 more to stay at the Radisson, I think I made the right choice. Heres why: - Clean, upscale hotel with attractive lobby, bar and restaurant. Impressive first impression, particularly for a weary traveler. - Well laid out rooms with wi-fi that works, convenient outlets and those funky Select Number beds where I could go from the worlds hardest futon to a virtual water bed in just a few clicks. - Very convenient check-out  call them to say good-bye and then walk out the door. - Indoor pool and fitness center  didnt bring the kids but if I did they wouldve loved the pool. Fitness center had enough machines and was serviceable. Maybe the most towels Ive ever seen in one place in my entire life, but hey, towels are good. - Noise was minimal  I could see the bright, white terminal out my window, but I never heard any planes. The car noise from the street was definitely audible however but all in all not bad considering the building was clearly getting caked in jet fuel since it was so close. No noise from adjacent rooms either. Oh, and after reading earlier reviews about the window sheers not blocking out the light, no problem in my room, I found the black-out curtains strategically located behind the sheers. - Very nice room service  Food came up within 20 minutes, the lady called me beforehand to tell me she shell be there in a minute, and she couldnt have been nicer and friendlier. Perhaps the best room service person Ive ever had (and I wish I recalled her name). Steak sandwich and fries were quite delectable. - I cant reiterate how convenient it was to be that close. On my way out the guy in the shuttle said he was leaving in 15 minutes, so I didnt bother waiting. You walk a lot longer than 4 minutes when youre inside the airport. Ill admit, it wasnt raining which made it easier, and I didnt have much luggage. As I was walking up to the terminal, two people behind me were complaining that their hotel told them they were two blocks away and that it felt like two miles. The Radisson is literally the first hotel across the street from the airport. Next closest was the Red Lion Inn. After that its probably too far to walk. Its definitely closer than the OHare Hilton in Chicago, and thats attached to the terminal. So why doesnt the Radisson get five stars? A couple reasons: - Handicap switcheroo  I didnt read enough TripAdvisor reviews beforehand to see that the front desk pretty much pushes you into a handicap room until you complain about it. Im miffed and still kicking myself that I didnt change rooms. It wasnt that big of a deal but the bathrooms arent quite as nice with all the bars and equipment. - Bright lights, big city smells  Once I exited the elevator onto the 4th floor hallway, the place smelled like a one-star hotel with cleaning supplies trying to mask the palpable scent of cigarette smoke. The hallways were way too bright and surgery-room sterile, and whenever I looked up into the popcorn ceilings, in the hallways and in my room, there was patchwork and cracks from some serious Frankenstein-scar renovations. The rooms themselves were fine, but I was sure nervous in the purgatory of the hallway during that all-important moment when you open your hotel room door and hold your breath. - $199. I just have a hard time paying that much for a two star hotel, albeit a very good two star hotel, particularly in the midst of an economic meltdown. And I tried valiantly to find a cheaper rate. Not even on kayak.com. The room was clean and quiet which are my primary considerations, but it is very bare bones. I usually enjoy taking the shampoos from hotels. These I left behind. Had I paid $79, I would be giving it another star. All in all, I would certainly stay there again if only for the convenience, but also because it delivered on the promise of what a business traveler is looking for, though just barely. And maybe in todays gloom-and-doom, sky-has-fallen world, just barely is as good as it gets.