...this one's pretty good. I've stayed at the Seatac Radisson a couple of times now, for either a quick business trip or a close-to-the-airport stopover, and both stays were better than adequate. You don't usually expect much at aiport hotels, but this place is pretty decent. LOCATION The hotel is on International Blvd, literally right across the street from the airport. You can walk to the airport if you want to. Both times I've taken the shuttle, but would certainly walk if it seemed like the shuttle was running behind. The area is primarly hotels, restaurants, gas stations, and parking facilities (and, um, the occasional "gentlemen's club"). If you're driving, there's a Safeway with a pharmacy not too far away. Anyway, it's ideally located for a preflight hotel stay. ROOMS The rooms are pretty nice. (Many Radissons I've stayed at previously have inspired me to rename the chain "Ratisson" due to their general griminess; this one is much better.) I stayed in a king-bed room; the workstation was large (great since I was working), the WiFi was free, and the furniture and decor were tasteful. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean, and the room was quiet. In short, it's pefect for catching up on business before you have to fly out the next day. FACILITIES/LOBBY The lobby is functional; not huge, but not tiny. There's a restaurant that wasn't too bad (for lunch, anyway), and there's a comfortable bar/lounge where you can grab a drink and watch the Mariners lose horribly to whoever they happen to be playing that day. It's not fancy, and don't look for a party scene there, but it's perfectly adequate. Aside from WiFi, I didn't use the business facilities, so I can't comment. There's a pool, but I didn't use it, so I'm not sure what it's like. STAFF The staff was very helpful and cheerful. On one of my stays, I arrived *way* before check-in time, and they were happy to find me a room that was ready early... which allowed me to get a lot more work done than I would have otherwise. That was great. They answered all of my questions about local services, and did so with a smile. In short, the staff greatly enhanced my stay, which is always a nice surprise. SUMMARY If you're a business traveler and you need a good place to stay near the airport, this is top-notch. It's a particurlay good deal if you get it through hotwire or priceline. The staff is helpful and friendly, the rooms are nice, and you can't get closer to the airport without sleeping at the terminal.