Le Crystal was ALMOST perfect. That being said let me get my one negative point, that dropped it from 5 to 4 stars on my experience, out of the way first. The "computerized comfort settings" (lighting, heating, TV, etc.), in my experience were overly annoying. I understand the idea behind them and if I were staying here by myself they would probably be a very cool feature. But I was staying in a Deluxe Suite with 3 other guys (we were in Montral for a bachelor party). You have to put a key-card in a slot right by the door in order to control the settings of the room's electronics (including the TV). The problem comes up when the person who has their key in the slot decides to run out for beer and they take their card out... and everything in the room turns off. The first time it happened we all thought there was a power outage. That lasted about 5 minutes until we figured out that someone has to keep their card in the slot at all times, while we're in the room. There now that I got that out of the way on to the rest of the review, which is all positive. The Crystal is an absolutely beautiful hotel! The suite we had was roomy enough for 4 grown men to sleep, without overlapping each other... and we were able to comfortably entertain a few guests during the early evening in the living room area. The fridge was large enough to fit about 20 beer bottles. The bedroom with a king sized bed was used by "the groom" so I can't really comment, aside from it being decent sized with pretty cool sliding "frosted" glass doors. The bathroom was as big as some budget hotels' bedrooms... actually I think one of our guys ended up passing out in the tub. Our view was nice overlooking rue Rene Levesque & the Bell Centre. The complimentary WiFi signal was very strong as well... But the crown jewel of the place, for me anyway, was the top floor pool and jacuzzi area. Taking a post-dinner dip in the pool is always fun... but absolute relaxation is reached when your sitting in a outdoors hot tub, sipping an ice cold beer, overlooking the picturesque Montral skyline. I could definitely get used to that kind of living! I'm more of a "value over luxury" type of traveler so places like this are usually never on my radar, but I can definitely appreciate how the other half live when given the opportunity. I would recommend this hotel for couples looking for a perfect, romantic experience (they have customizable packages). Also bachelor parties that need a bit more room then just a bed, four walls, and a bathroom. But that being said, this is a extremely upscale place and respectfulness should go without saying.