My wife and I stayed a Hotel Le Crystal July 21  27. We took a car service from the airport for a flat rate of $50 + tip which worked out well. We made no prior arrangement; we just walked up to the cab line. The hotel was very nice and clean. The staff was pleasant and helpful. We were a few hours early for check in but after half an hour we were checked in with no problem. The room was large with some crowded counter space and a stocked mini-fridge. The fridge had enough space for our own wine, milk and juice. (Wine and liquor is two blocks right on Catherine and a somewhat large pharmacy/grocery was about five blocks to the left on Catherine.) We had a Deluxe King room that had a view of a parking lot. As far as I can tell all the views from any room are either of another building or a parking lot. The hotel occupies only floors 4-11 so with all the other buildings around you cant really get high enough to have a view of downtown although, technically, since youre in downtown anything you see is a view of downtown. The rest of the room was consistent with what other reviewers had to say. We used the pool/hot tub a couple of times. The pool was warm enough to stay in without feeling a chill. The outside deck around the hot tub was nice but, not as nice as the website pictures would lead you to believe  but still nice to sit outside and read or nap. We both had deep tissue messages at the spa. Our therapist was Olga(?). It was great, the deepest deep tissue I have ever had (wife agrees) but, it did leave some marks on my back for a few days  Im not complaining at all, but if you were planning on wearing something backless you might want to consider the consequences. Hint  join the Crystal Club and save 15% at the spa. The gym is surprisingly small. When we checked in we took a quick walk through and thought it was of good size, but when we went to work out we seemed to be in each others way. There was also one other person using the equipment at the time and there just wasnt enough room. It basically had a couple of treadmills, a bench, lighter free weights and a multi-purpose strength machine. One morning we walked to the top of Mount Royal, its less that half an hour walk. The view is great and worth seeing but the walk up hill and hundreds of steps can be a challenge if youre not ready for it. Le Coupole restaurant in the hotel is very good. We ate there one night. Note - there was a concert at Bell Centre that night and they had a prix-fixe menu until 8:00 so, we had to wait until after the rush to get the regular menu. The surrounding restaurants are hit or miss. Most of the restaurants in the area are just touristy places with average food, but you can find a couple that are nice. We really liked LAutre Saison on Crescent. I would avoid the Italian restaurant Il Compari Centro just across from the hotel on Montagne. Its the first one on the right heading toward Catherine. It is very expensive for almost-unacceptable food. We bought a 3-day metro pass and that worked out well. The station is only a couple of blocks from the hotel. Old Montreal is two or three stops away. It isnt too far to walk to Old Montreal but there is a lot of walking once you get there. Again, we found the restaurants to be average but, if you get a recommendation you can probably find someplace nice. We also were able to use the metro to get to the casino and Olympic Park. The metro was very convenient; we never waited more than 5 minutes for a train, even on the weekend. The metro itself seemed safe, as far as metros go. However, the homeless in Montreal are surprisingly aggressive (compared to NYC, Washington D.C., Las Vegas and San Francisco). There are other chain hotels in the area, some with higher floors (Sheraton I think?) but, I doubt you would get the same space in the room or the level of service you get at Crystal. Overall, the hotel is very nice and would stay there again.