We spent three nights at Hotel Le Crystal in downtown Montreal. It is a newer hotel in the city, conveniently located to rue St. Catherine and perfect for being the base for exploring the city. Upon checking in, we were given the Superior Suite which I had booked. Upon entering the room, the layout made the space seem significantly smaller than it actually was due to the way the bedroom is separated from a small living area. When I mentioned my concern to the front desk, the very helpful staff were able to provide an upgrade at a small cost to a deluxe room, which offered a much more expansive sitting area and better views of the city. The bedroom had a very comfortable bed and a second flat screen TV. Reading lights as well as bedside lamps ensured you can read without disturbing others. The bathroom in our suite was expansive! There was a separate glass shower stall with a rain shower, and a large (and deep) bath tub. The amenities were Molton Brown. Everything was sparkling clean, and the towels were fluffy and white! We did experience a couple of hiccups during the stay. We had made reservations for dinner at La Coupole, specifically asking to be seated on the terrasse. We arrived for our dining reservation only to find the terrasse had been closed that evening due to a threat of rain. We were offered a table indoors, but noticed there was absolutely no-one else eating in the restaurant at 7:30pm... We declined the indoors table, and found outdoor dining elsewhere. Our other hiccup was with housekeeping. We returned early one evening from a day of exploring Montreal (on foot) and found our room had not yet been serviced. When we contacted housekeeping, they said they could send someone up - but we had to get showered and ready for leave for dinner, so that really wasn't convenient. They did send someone to clean the room while we were out for dinner, but it left us wondering why they were so late to start with... All in all, I would definitely recommend Hotel Le Crystal as a place to stay in Montreal. The staff was helpful when needed and very accommodating of requests. The room was great - just be careful when booking to make sure you will have the kind of space you want.