Hotel Le Crystal is a modern, well-appointed property in Montreal. Its location is convenient to one of the city's popular centers for dining and entertainment. Though the stay started off rocky, I felt satisfied in the end. The room was absolutely wonderful. So civilized. We enjoyed the comfortable sleeping area separate from the rest of the suite. The bathroom, with its modern design, luxurious products (Molton Brown), and generous size, was more than we could ask for. Having a couch and sizable wet bar/kitchenette was so useful and relaxing. We took advantage of the espresso pod/disc machine! The room we were given originally must have been just cleaned because it still smelled of room spray and whatever the previous guests left behind to inspire the use of the air freshener. We asked for another room, which they set up for us quickly. Just as we were settling in the new room, I hear a key access our room's door, and then this lady in a bathrobe barges in! She got someone from housekeeping to let her in, obviously without checking with the front desk. The woman going on and on and asks us if we saw her daughter's phone charger. We said we had not seen it. She insisted on looking around. We tried to move her along (or get the housekeeping staffer to do something), but she wouldn't stop talking and asking about the phone charger. They finally exited the room after a couple minutes. After standing there, dumbfounded, for a couple minutes, we called down to let the front desk know what had happened. We saw the lady from housekeeping having a discussion in the hallway with someone who appeared to be from management. I thought it was inappropriate to do that in the hallway, but I was glad that the situation was being handled. I totally know that the woman from housekeeping assumed that no one was in the room. We had been moved there unexpectedly, but that doesn't excuse her not checking first. We were satisfied with the response in the end. Other than that glitch, everything else about this hotel was good. Valet staff were great. The view from our room was pleasant, and check out went smoothly. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.