We visit Montreal at least once a year dividing our stays between the city center and Old Montreal. We have tried five other hotels and chose this one based on reviews at this site and the desire to try yet another Montreal hotel. Overall we were pleased with our choice. Most of the rooms at this boutique hotel are suites. Our choice was a deluxe suite which has a layout with the bedroom located in the middle of the suite without direct access to a window. There is a glass see though panel that opens to the living area. The living room/dining area had two floor to ceiling windows that more then make up for the lack of an outside window in the bedroom. There was also a kitchenette area, and for once, more then enough storage space in the room and bathroom. The look of the suite is contemporary with a slight minimalist feel to it. The bathroom was very spacious and nice, but a little on the boring side for such an ample area. The only other area of the hotel that we used was the swimming pool which was very nice. It is located on the fourteenth floor with walls of glass on two sides. There is also an outside terrace with lounge chairs and a hot tub. Small changing rooms are nearby with showers, as is a sauna. The gym area was nice with big windows, but it did not have enough equipment for a complete workout. The spa is also located on this level but we did not investigate. We tried to have a drink in the hotel at 11:15pm on Saturday night and learned that this was not possible. This was very surprising and disappointing that a nice hotel this size could not provide this basic service. We also could not help but notice that the service at this hotel was not very friendly. We normally do not complain about service or even have service problems, but almost every employee we encountered was just barely friendly. Overall we enjoyed our stay at this property, especially the spacious room and nice pool. If those features are important to you then this hotel is a good choice for you. It is also right across the street from the Bell Centre if you happen to be attending an event there.