We found this hotel through several searches on the internet. On trip advisor we saw that the hotel had ok reviews but they were from years ago, and its most recent reviews were much better. They offered shuttle service, free breakfast, proximity to stores and on Kayak.com we saw a very good deal of about $38 a night. We stayed at the Destiny Palms, from April 6 to the 12th. Upon check-in you must pay a resort fee of $3 per day for everyday you reserved. We were on the first floor, the room was really nice and clean. There was no noise levels to complain about either from outside or from neighbors. There was a coffee maker, a flat screen t.v, a big dresser, a microwave/oven, a mini fridge and a very comfortable king size bed with clean linen everyday. Being a little cautious on the previous reviews on TripAdvisor, about there being dirt or bugs nearby, there were none anywhere. The room was really clean everywhere. After unpacking we went to the pool area and its a very clean and decent size pool which we had almost completely to ourselves except for a little girl that was in the pool. On to the parks, everyday you must tell the front desk that you need a shuttle to the parks before 9p.m so that they can call it in.The hotel use a company called Fly Tours Limo. The drivers were friendly and courteous, but hardly ever on time. The first day there was a delay with the shuttle, but Chuck the manager was able to sort it out quickly. The hotel has a pickup at 9a.m from the front door and they pick up at the park at 10p.m. You might think that it is a lot of time from 9a.m to 10p.m to be in a park but trust us, there is a lot to see at each park. If you want a later pickup or an earlier pick up their is a charge, we paid twice or so for an earlier pickup from the hotel and we were charged $25 by the shuttle service. The hotel has breakfast served from 6a.m- 9a.m. They have pancakes, waffles, tea, juice, hard boiled egg, etc. You have to heat up the waffles and everything either on a microwave or on a toaster. Theres nothing bad to say about this hotel at all. The management, especially Chuck was very friendly and would take care of any minor problems that we might have had. The staff too was very friendly and helpful. Housecleaning came everyday to clean our room except for one day, but we didn't really need it but they left everything perfectly cleaned and restocked. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone trying to find a place to stay in their area.