After reading reviews about this hotel and moving out from Worldgate Resort , I stayed for 3 nights here . This one works good for me. This is a nice small hotel with nice staff , comfortable beds and clean rooms. Location is good ,close to DW parks, there are plenty of restaurants(like Fridays that has good meals for 10.99 or 12.99 that will fill you up or Joe crabs my favorite place for 25 $ per person and great food ) and grocery stores around like Publix , Target close at 10pm or Walgreen 24 hrs open. Its important to find places that are open late because after all day in the park ,we were coming back at 10 pm or 11pm and We were ready to eat some good late meals . The staff is nice and helpful. There is a resort fee of 4 $ and after I used bookit.com discount 15 % off ,my price per night was 48.00 $ w/ tax and resort fee included and free breakfast. The price was good. The housekeeper works very good and I got clean bed and towels everyday. .The room is small but for a couple and a child was ok, there is not many storage place ,it has a small closet , the bed and room looks like just the pictures taken above .The rooms is clean , a/c works good ,TV has many channels, there is a toaster and minifridged in the room and I used the microwafe to heat my child's popcorn downstairs.There is a coffeemaker w coffe in a small table in the room .The room is very small .The beds are very comfortable . Theres is a shower in the bath , no tub ,,but it was easy for my 5 year old child .The only bad thing was a strange noise coming from the toilet once in a while probably some water filling the tank ,but not a big deal. The pool is nice and warm. There is plenty of parking lot.There is only one computer but only for important things like boarding pass , check emails or check fly . The breakfast is free but I didnt tried because it is closed after 9 am .There is a washer and dry machine that I used for 2 $ each. It was helpful . I will recommend this places for a single person or couple or a family of 3 . I also want to thanks bookit.com because they have a great customer services . When I have problem w my other hotel ,bookkit.com deal with them and help me. I got my disney tickets from them also and the prices are good and also good discounts offers 15 % off for the hotel that help me save a lot. I will used it for my next trip.