We were trying to book a hotel for a long time in the kissimmee area for our 8th anniversary trip in July. I looked all over various travel sites and all we found were run down cheap hotels with really bad reviews. This one showed up about a week before we were schedued to leave and we fell in love with it right away! With all hotels, there are good and bads. I will do my best to be as descriptive as possible on both. First, the bad... Location is ok, but beware the travel time to the parks. The easiest way to get to Disney is straight down 192 to World Dr. Since the hotel is on the extreme west end of 192, it does take a bit longer to get thru traffic, especially during morning rush. It took us almost 20 minutes each day to go the 3 miles or so to get to world drive because of all the traffic and lights along the way. Even coming back from the parks around midnight, the traffic was horrible. They do offer a shuttle. but it gets crowded and the times you have to come back from the park suck. They want you to be at the bus stop at like 5 pm each night or you miss the only shuttle that will pick you up. So you lose park time just to save driving time. Not a good trade off to me. Anyways, the rooms are on the small side, but if you are like us, we used them for less that 10 hours a day....long enough to shower and sleep and get up the next day and spent it in the parks, which was fine with us. The breakfast is good, as long as you get there early enough. There is only one microwave to nuke the waffles and french toast in, so there is always a line for that. But they do have 4 toasters, so you can do that as well. No fresh fruit, though.That would have been nice, but still a good breakfast! There was one night where about 5 people decided to camp out in the main hall right arcoss from our room and talk till almost midnight. I called the front desk like 20 times and it rang off the hook. I finally got someone and told them my situation, and they took care of it. The walls are paper thin. When the a/c was off, we could hear our neighbor sawing logs right behind our headboard like he was in bed with us! We thought it funny, and turned the a/c back on and it drowned out the noise. The shower could have used a little scrubbing bubbles for some mildew and it would have been nice to have had the sheets changed at least once while we were there for a week. The maid left an envelope on our desk every day for tips. I should not have to feel obligated to pay a tip or feel forced into doing it. If you clean the room properly and change the sheets, there might be something worth tipping, but do not shove it in your guests faces like it is expected. Do a good job, get a tip. nuff said. Now the good... I called the night before to see about an early check in and they said call in the morning to see if a room is ready. We did and they had a room for us, so we checked in that morning. The room we were given had 2 queen beds and I paid for a king. I went back to the desk and they corrected thier mistake right away and gave me a very nice king room. We dropped our stuff off and went right on to the parks. We came back, showered and settled down for the night. OMG!!! The beds are soo comfortable! My wife and I slept the very best in those beds that week. It is nice to come back to a comfy bed after 12+ hours at Disney. The room came with a fridge and toaster oven, so that helped keep food costs down as we brown bagged our luches in the parks and saved like $30 bucks a day in park food. Like everyone has said before, the front desk staff is awesome! They were very friendly and helped us resolve any issues we had. Overall, this hotel was a life saver as it came along at the right time and within our budget. I hope it pops up again as we will definitely be back! Thanks :)