Well, we stayed here in July 2011 for 2 weeks. I think most people tend to stay shorter periods of time but this hotel has everything you need to make it a perfect base if you are doing all the theme parks in the Orlando area, it is nearer to Disney parks than Universal, we travelled 3 times to Cocoa beach area and all highway links are just a few minutes drive away - it was easy enough to do even though we had no Sat Nav with us. Rooms are only small - our's had 2 double beds, but it was sufficient for the 3 of us. Bathrooms are just a toilet and shower with the sink/hairdryer being in the room but who takes a bath when staying in a hotel. The fridge certainly comes in handy for keeping your drinks etc cold and there is also a TV, small oven/grill, iron and ironing board, hairdryer and coffee maker in the room. The one thing that wasn't in the room was a safe to keep valuables in but the hotel reception held our passports in the hotel safe during our stay. Coffee available in the breakfast room at anytime of day - complimentary breakfast very basic - to be honest they could have done with some more variety or at least fresh fruit available as well as the selection of cereals, boiled eggs, waffles/pancakes/toast/bagels, we ate out most mornings - there is plenty of places in the area to eat (Ponderosa, Houlihans, Sweet Tomatoe, Sizzler) all open until at least 11/11.30am for breakfast as the hotel only serves breakfast until 9am and the breakfast room is survival of the fittest in a morning! When we did eat from the hotel breakfast we took it back up to the room. Hotel staff were very polite and Chuck and his staff bent over backwards to help you with anything you needed to know. All in all a pleasant experience - we found the hotel well located - plenty of supermarkets not too far away (Target and Walmart nearby and 7/11 right outside hotel) and also restaurant's galore right on your doorstep. This hotel is not the Ritz but is a whole lot better than many other Orlando hotels I have stayed in the past - comfy clean beds and clean towels, even towels for the pool if you asked. If you are looking for a small hotel with personal service then this should suit you down to the ground. You make your holiday what YOU make of it and we had a ball! Thanks again to all hotel staff for a pleasant stay!