I have stayed at many upscale 5 star adult only AI. Maroma Beach- the most beautiful beach we have ever seen. Unfortunatley due to weather it was very full of seaweed and red flagged. Staff removed the cushions from the chairs on the beach for 6 out of the seven days we were there. But the one day it was open-stunningly beautiful! Pool- Is small and you are jammed like sardines. I do like the policy that you cannot reserve a chair for more than 20 minutes before 10:30am. Staff enforce it and patrons accept it. You can always find a place to lounge at any time of the day. Rooms-very clean. The beds and pillows are very comfortable. Staff do a great job at cleaning...maybe too good which is my disappointing finding. (explained later) Disco-the nicest disco we have seen in a resort yet and on the weekend, it was packed! Very quite during the week. Entertainment-Shows were good! Entertainment staff were fun but I did get a bit frustrated at times. I never want to hear Huh? Huh? Huh again. Seriously find a funner sense of humour that isn't so juvenile. It will drive you batty after the first time you repeat yourself 3 times or more. I also did not understand why staff would make patrons wait to play beach volleyball when there were four of them playing. They should allow the patrons to play and entertain from the sidelines. I recommend they look at the Capri team as they were the best we have encountered. And it would be nice if the seaweed was cleaned from the court before the 11am game. Staff work hard at cleaning the seaweed but maybe that should be a priority when cleaning the beach. Resort staff- really the friendliest we have ever come across. ALL staff were very friendly and accomodating. Service was the same whether you tipped or not. We tip and tip well. Why would we treat them any differently then we do back home? I recommend it. They are very grateful when you do and they have earned it. A few small quirks worth mentioning especially when you pay big bucks to come here. Pool bar stopped serving drinks one day at 3pm and informed us that they would only serve the wedding party??? (we never saw anyone from the wedding go into the pool after the ceremony) The Grill restaurant offers T-bones on the menu but they never have any. We were told they only have 8 per night. This is also the only place you can go to have a good salad. They close two restaurants at night to incur 45 min waits in the other restaurants. (plus side-they do inform you on paper with the turn down service) And the finally which is my own fault but I am so disappointed because I loved everyone who worked there. Make sure you lock your jewellery in the lock box. I brought matching pieces for three sets in a small box which was in my carry on bag. Two sets were costume jewellery the other tanzanite. Yes,I can't believe I left it out. When I went to wear it, I realized that it was still in my carry on. The bracelet and earrings were still there but the ring was not. I kept trying to convince myself that maybe I left it at home (even though I was 100% sure i brought the package together) I am home now and it definitely was stolen. Someone had to go throught the bag and carefully selected the nicest piece out of the box :( And yes we tipped all staff well, so quite disappointed)