My husband and I returned from 11 day stay at Secrets Feb 21-Mar 2, Preferred Ocean View, and were disappointed overall. It definitely didnt feel like a romantic couples resort  more like college spring break. The problem was mostly with the corporate events held at the resort. There were two different conferences while we were there, one in the first week of our stay that had around 200 rooms booked so the pool (which is not that big to begin with) was packed and forget trying to get a drink at the swim up bar. Second week event was Accutech from Texas very loud, obnoxious, pounding back the booze. As a result of these conferences, they would close 1-2 restaurants so the waiters can work at the private function that is set-up for them. So we get ready for dinner and have our mind set on eating Italian to find out the restaurant closed, so we then head over to Himitsu to find its closed as well. This is not acceptable in my mind. No notice is given during the day as to what restaurants will be closed. Another complaint is all the extra costs they charge for items such as certain liqueurs, sake, various wine, romantic dinners by pool, etc. I was looking forward to having my glass of Agavero tequila liqueur after dinner to find out it costs $5.00 extra. WTF!! So we head over to the Preferred Lounge thinking we could get it over there and same thing. I think they serve the same liqueur in the preferred lounge as the rest of the resort. There is only one brand of free wine they serve from Chile its called Antares and theres 7 varieties. We had resort credit coupons that allowed us to get $10 off a descent bottle wine but they really mark up the bottles. We stayed at Le Blanc in Cancun before (for the same price) and we felt that was way better value. Food: Breakfast at the World Caf was good, has all the basic stuff. The dinners were good, not outstanding; our favorite was the steak restaurant, Bordeaux and Portofino. The Mexican was only okay (and we were not expecting tex-mex) and the service was poor. I liked the Japanese but my husband felt the sushi wasnt that great. So overall nothing at the resort stood out as great just okay. Staff/Entertainment Staff: 5 Star all the way! I would say this resort has the best entertainment staff weve ever seen. The shows at night in the Theatre are really good especially the Rock of Ages and American Idol. Everyone at the resort was pleasant and helpful. Room: We were in building 25 on the 4th floor. I recommend this building as the preferred lounge in right downstairs, easy to go grab a coffee to go in the morning. The room was good, bed was comfy and the shower did lack hot water at times plus hardly any water pressure. Maid service was good as well, no complaints. One complaint (from a woman's point of view) is there was no full length mirror in the room. Spa: We both had an 80 minute massage which was good. The hydrotherapy pool, sauna and steam room was nice to share with my husband. Overall, the corporate events ruined the whole vibe of the trip for us and we wont go back for that reason.