The hotel is rated the 7th best all inclusive in the World, in its advertising they say "it offers adults an extra measure of romance and sensuality in luxury settings". The hotel and the facilities are excellent, the adjoining beach is picturesque, however they do have a problem with seaweed which they do not clear as often as they should. The suites are fine, what you would expect in a 5 star hotel. We did have a few problems but they was sorted out quickly by our excellent Concierge. There is a great choice of restaurants, eight in total, our favourites Portofino and the Seafood restaurant. On a number of occasions we did have to wait up to 45 minutes for a table which was a pain. The food in general is of a high quality, the choice of wine within the "all inclusive basis" unfortunately was very limited. The staff are excellent. very efficient and friendly, a credit to the hotel. The hotel offers free green fees for golf at the Grand Coral course nearby, however you do have to pay for the cost of a buggy. 85 dollars per person in the morning and 35 dollars per person in the afternoon. We played three times in the morning and it was "millionaires golf". Put it all together what could be better ? The hotel guests whilst we were there fell into three categories:- 1. The largest group was 25 - 40 year old North Americans who stay for long weekends, 4 to 5 nights. For most a 2 to 4 hour flight and an inexpensive weekend to "let your hair down". 2. The smallest group was Europeans. like ourselves who tend to stay for a minimum of 7 nights but more likely 10 to 14 nights. For them it is a minimum 10 hour flight and an expensive holiday for people looking for luxury. 3. Finally, during our stay there was two groups attending Company conventions or reward programmes. The first group numbered approx. 50 people whilst the second was around 450 people, over half the total number of guests there. The latter group were rewarded with a free 4 night stay for being successful within their Company. Such large groups have a great tendency to influence the atmosphere within the resort. This appears to be a dilemma for the hotel management as they are attracting different types of guests and cultures. They want to encourage Europeans because they normally stay longer and spend more money. Whereas the majority of the guests in the main are much younger and unsurprisingly are looking for a good time involving large quantities of free alcohol. In the afternoons when the alcohol starts to take effect the entertainment staff organize games at which they encourage loud singing and chanting. During this time the main pool area is not a suitable place to relax in the sun, the noise can be overpowering. For Europeans, picture Benidorm in Spain! Romantic and sensual it is not, the mix of guests in our opinion does not work, some guests have paid a lot of money for luxury whilst others are on a free business convention who quite naturally are looking to enjoy the "all inclusive" aspect to the full. There were many complaints about this during our stay. From our point of view it is a great shame because the facility is 5 star luxury, we assume because of the requirement to fill the hotel in these demanding times they are taking business that is not suited to the product they advertise. Would we return to Secrets Maroma Beach, very unfortunately no!