I just got back from Secrets Maroma and loved it. Hector checked us in fast and upgraded us to an ocean view room. We were offered champagne as we were checking in and cold towels. After we checked in a lady took us to sit down in the bar area in the lobby to explain the coupons and time share (it's not a time share but similar) we declined and she respected that answer right away and didn't go on and on which I was afraid of given the previous reviews I read. After the first decline she did say what if I were to give you a romantic dinner on the beach to go to the seminar and we said no and that was the end of that. We didn't feel pushed or anything like that. The room was very nice, love the idea of the privacy box not quite sure if that is the correct name but it is a place that food can be put if you don't want to answer the door. This resort is very clean. I was impressed by the public restrooms and especially the rest room off the pool and beach area. There is a lady there all the time cleaning and keeping it neat. The wood plank path to the beach and on the beach actually gets swept. In the morning you will see the gardeners at work. The main pool isn't heated but it isn't cold it is just cool but easy to go into and once you are in it's heaven. The pool where the activites are (water aerobics, water volleyball, black jack etc.) is heated. They do have foam beds to lie on around the pool. The service really is fabulous, hands down staff is very friendly and polite and so wanting to take care of you and make sure the guest is happy. The grounds and pool area is gorgeous. The beach is truly amazing. Powder sand and water at the perfect temperature makes you not want to leave. The decor for the Mexican restaurant, French restaurant and Italian restuarant is WOW. You just want to sit and take it all in. There is enough to keep you busy. The following activities are offered daily yoga in the gazebo by the pool, spanish lessons, water aerobics, dancing lessons, beach and pool volleyball, bingo. The week we were there they had bocce ball, tequila tasting, wine tasting, poker one evening, guacamole lesson and more. In the evening there is a movie at 7pm usually and a show. The shows went from good to just OK but let's face it, it's not broadway so we were pleased with the entertainement. The entertainement staff is alot of fun. Thank you Tania, Alfredo, Mexican Chocolate and everyone else who I can't rememeber. Now time to talk about the food. Drinks were good no complaints. Breakfast was good with plenty of variety. They also had some brunch items not just breakfast food (it is a buffet). They even have a smoothie section. Edgar and Luis were so attentive. I liked that there was an indoor and outdoor seating area. The only complaint is that the coffee wasn't hot like it should be. The Japanese restaurant, Hiramatsu, is good. We went twice, once for Hibachi dinner (need reservations) and once a la carte for sushi. Unfortuneately, the Mexican restaurant was a huge disappointment being that we were in Mexico. It wasn't good. They just need to have a delicious classic Mexican menu and we would have been very happy. The Italian restaurant was OK. The French restaurant wasn't good either. The sea side grill by the pool for lunch wasn't good. I had guacamole as soon as I arrived because I figured I was in Mexico and it was going to be WOW...it wasn't and I was so disappointed. If you are going to have lunch eat at the Barefoot Grill also by the pool, that's better and the man that comes around making tacos is really good a bit fatty but good. So if you eat a good breakfast and lunch you will be too stuffed for dinner so it doesn't matter that the dinner restaurants weren't good. Lunch is served until 4pm. Oh and the BLT on the beach/pool menu is really good. If you ask for a menu they will give you one so you won't have to get up for food. The spa is wonderful, one of the best I have been to. Don't bother getting the wifi in your room. I heard it doesn't always work and you are able to get 60 minutes free per day in the lobby. Highly recommend this place.