We stayed at Secrets Maroma the second and third weeks in January and had the most fabulous time. We booked an ocean-view room and our son and his wife, who arrived 5 days before us, booked a swim-up. I won't go into detail about a lot of things that have already been said because all the good stuff is true. The food in all the restaurants is amazing - how can anyone possibly get bored with the food with so many places to choose from! - the presentation is beautiful, and service-with-a-smile throughout the resort really is great. The only time it fell short, for us, was actually on our arrival at the hotel. We'd made our own way by taxi from the airport and arrived at the hotel just after a large party had arrived, which may be why we didn't get a welcome drink and more importantly, why we weren't shown to our room. The person who was asked to show us to our room just took us to the top of the steps outside the reception area and pointed us in the direction of our block and when I asked if he was going to show us to our room he said (very nicely) that he had other things to do! I'm not sure why we didn't insist - it was dark by this time, too - but from a service point of view this really was the only glitch. The staff work so hard to make your stay special and every member of staff greets you as you pass. Our room on the 4th floor had a fabulous view, the rooms were clean, spacious and well-equipped and the mini-bar was great and well-stocked. To have 24 hour room service really is wonderful and we always found the service to be very efficient and friendly, whatever the hour. Our son and his wife loved their swim-up room, though they asked to be changed from the first room they were assigned because the pool wasn't heated. They eventually settled into block 14 and the pool was like a bath. The only downsides I could see was they definitely got more mosquito bites than us, being on the ground floor and being behind so much foliage but the mozzies really weren't a major problem for us at this time of year. They also found the noise of the trolleys going past their room at all hours of the day and night regularly woke them up - again, something we didn't experience on our floor. Some people have commented on the amount of concrete in the resort and I can see why, but there is also a lot of greenery around so the overall effect is still very pretty. The only thing I wonder is, when have such a beautiful beach and ocean, why did they build the main reception block with so many of the amenities in a place where you can't enjoy the view? Even the fish and steak restaurants further down the resort by the swimming pools don't overlook the beach and I think that would have made the location even more special. It's just an observation - I don't suppose that will change! The only disappointment for us was the amount of seaweed and rubbish washing up onto the beach. We had a lot of very windy days during our stay and sometimes we moved from the beach back to the pools because we felt a bit battered. Because of the wind the sea was often quite rough and hotel staff all along the shoreline were regularly digging holes to bury the seaweed in. I felt so sorry for this army of people with a never-ending job and I wonder why the hotels don't club together and buy some sort of tractor to drag the beaches and save all that time and effort. The beach certainly is beautiful and obviously the weather is beyond their control but the rubbish being washed up was really unexpected - and to the right of the hotel you don't have to walk far to find areas where it isn't cleared regularly so you're walking past an assortment of workmen's helmets, shoes, bottles, etc. We were told a lot of it comes from the cruise ships but surely there are regulations about what can be thrown overboard? None of the above would stop us from going back, though we'd maybe try another Secrets resort and explore a different area. If you've booked you can expect to have a wonderful holiday. We came away feeling totally relaxed, refreshed and spoiled.