My husband and I have visited Secrets Maroma Beach for a belated honeymoon, we have had a fantastic time due to the following: - amazing food and drink, our favourite restaurant was the Portofino Italian...better than any Italian we have visited before, even in Rome! - staff are fantastic, from the cleaners through to the Entertainment staff, everyone cannot do enough for you and are always friendly and accomodating without being overbearing. There are more than enough activities throughout the day and night to keep you entertained come rain or shine. We chose to tip the cleaner and for dinner and if we were brought drinks to us by the pool but there is genuinely no expectation for this from the staff and we got the same excellent service either with tipping or not. - the resort is very picturesque and immaculately kept. We loved the wildlife roaming about, particularly the Iguanas who laze on the rocks by the pool every day. - we are not beach people but did appreciate the lovely white sand and clear water, moreso for us the two main pools are great; one heated for the cooler days and a cold pool for when you really need some respite from the heat. - the swim out room is definitely worth having; again it is heated and really nice to have a dip in of an evening. The downsides to mention (and all that prevented this review from being 5 stars) are: - the brash, inconsiderate 'jock' Americans who think they are the only ones at the resort and act like they have never had free flowing drink before, they even heckled all the way through a wedding ceremony that could be seen from the pool area and were obnoxious when asked to tone their behaviour down. - the mosquitos - we had several every night in our room despite keeping doors shut and wearing insect repellent so were bitten several times all over despite attempting to use sprays. We would recommend taking a plug in for the room to help prevent this. - being in a swim out room on the ground floor and situated opposite the lift and stairs to the other floors, you can hear people in the room above and those walking around going to bed in the early hours or getting up early. - a real English thing, but if you do want a nice cup of tea then take some teabags with you as 'Bigelows' brand English Breakfast doesn't quite cut it!! Overall we have had a wonderful time and will take fond memories away with us.