When I booked this trip - it was the most we had spent for an all-inclusive in Mexico at $785/night. When we arrived we saw that our room was going to be in one of the buildings way far back from the beach so they offered us an upgrade to one of their "Preferred Club" rooms for an extra $125/night. Before deciding we wanted to see the room. Upon entering the room and seeing the view from the room we were immediately sold. Our room was on the ground level and it was directly facing the ocean. Being on the ground level meant we had access to our own private heated salt-water pool. This was the nicest room we have stayed in of the 3 trips to Mexico (Riu Palace Riviera Maya and Iberostar Grand Paraiso). Like always the service was incredible. You really get a sense of how terrible service is in the US when you travel to Mexico. I highly recommend renting one of the Beach beds for $40/day. This is a raised wooden platform with a Queen mattress and curtains on all 4 sides. The best part was the service from Alejandro our beach waiter. Our drinks were never more than 1/3 gone before he was checking to see if we needed another. The only downer was the food. We are by no means food snobs (my favorite restaurant is Chipotle if that tells you anything) but the food at the buffet was very boring and even the sit-down restaurants weren't anything special. I did like the fact that you didn't need to make reservations at these restaurants (as long as you didn't want the hibachi table). The other complaint I had was the lack of alcohol in the rooms. The Riu and Iberostar both had well stocked rooms but this $915/night room only came with 3 of the airplane sized bottles of booze. If you wanted more you could call room service which may take 30 minutes. We ended up walking to the closest bar when we wanted another cocktail. Not a big deal but kind of odd for an all-inclusive. I did pitch a small fit and the next time I came back to my room a full 750ml bottle of Jack Daniels was waiting for me - nice gesture! Takeaways: Incredible room, great service across the board, mediocre food, awesome beach. We would probably go back. One last thing - if you go to an all-inclusive in Mexico and think that since you paid for an all-inclusive you don't have to tip - take your CHEAPNESS back to where you came from. My advice, throw an extra $50 in $1s in your bag and sprinkle them generously to the people that take care of you during your stay. If you want to be frugal, just don't tip your next American waiter - you know, the one that wears his pants around his thighs and mumbles when he speaks.