Pros: Great service from the staff. Good quality of food and drinks. Room service was courteous and efficient and the quality of the food delivered was great. Nice restaurants to dine and hang out. Great view at the pools and beach. Well equipped room with your own fancy coffee machine. Great design by having "secret box" so room service can be delivered via the box without being disturbed. The hotel was thoughtful in planning a variety of scheduled activities such as yoga, biking, kayaking, tequilla tasting, etc so that you won't be bored. Superb food quality at the Franch restaurant Bordeauex, especially the filet mignon, shrimp, scallops, and creme brulee. Cons: There were mosquitoes EVERYWHERE. These tiny blood suckers are quick and sneaky and the bites are horrendously itchy and cause huge red bumps. It's easy for them to sneak into your room during housekeeping time as they tend to leave the door open. One night while I was napping, I got three nasty bites on my face (one right on my eyelid and caused my eye to be swollen for an entire day). My husband also got attacked while he was sitting in the living area surfing the internet. I spotted mosquitoes in the lobby, preferred club, tennis/basketball court (the worst!!), I mean EVERYWHERE. I understand there are a lot of flora and shrubbery that will naturally harbor mosquitos but I would expect a five star establishment be more aggressive in adequately treating the infestation! How can a gal relax in her bikini when constantly having to worry that shell be bit by a mosquito?!? Until the resort can come up with an adequate solution for mosquito control, Id highly recommend coating yourself in insect repellent at all times or be prepared to be itching and scratching for the rest of your vacation. Internet signal is very weak in the room so you have to go to public area. Pillows are too soft and unsupportive. Things at the giftshop are extremely expensive; almost double price than other hotel. Conclusion: Despite of the cons we mentioned, Secrets Maroma Beach is still a very nice resort to stay with all the luxuries it has. If not considering the mosquitoes and internet issues, Secrets Maroma Beach is almost perfect in every perspective!