I'm torn. We just returned from our 6th. trip to Playa Del Carmen/Cancun and part of the trip was excellent, part of it was disappointing. Excellent: Maroma Beach is the best beach we've run into. Great sand, you can walk at least a mile in each direction. No rocks in the water and due to the reef a mile out, it's relatively calm. We actually were able to take the Hobie Cat out sailing a couple days. Usually Cancun is to windy for such activities. Drinks for an all inclusive were better than what we've experienced before. Decent wines, good level of liquors. Service by the wait staff was always very efficient, friendly and quick. Food was generally better than most all inclusives. Disappointed that the only option for breakfast was a buffet, but it was a good buffet. Lunch's were excellent, I had fish every day, Tuna Steak, Sea Bass or other local and fresh fish. Dinners were generally good (see below for exceptions). Japanese restaurant was fun and entertaining (get a reservation for the Hibatchi), Oceana was a wonderful setting and good food, Bordeau was spectacular the first time and marginal the second. Everything was clean, well maintained and up to date. We went to two evening shows. The "Fire Dance" and the "Circque" styled show. Didn't realize that the Circque style show was rated hard R but that was fine. A few couples got up and left immediately after realizing two of the people in the performance obviously groping each other were males (to offset there were two girl on girl scenes also but the couples never stayed around to see that). Shows were well done, a little Risque, but well done. Problems: We booked a "partial ocean view" room and confirmed the room type before we left. When we were shown to our room it was as far away from the ocean as was geographically possible and even if there was no palm trees or foliage, you would never, never, never see the ocean. Possibly on the 3rd. or 4th. floor, but not on the second floor where we were. My wife complained and they offered to move us to the 3rd. or 4th. floor for an up charge. Even though those rooms were also considered "partial ocean view" rooms. My wife stood her ground and asked how our room could be considered "partial ocean view" given that it was completely impossible to see the ocean. Pilar, our representative for building 12, informed us that this room met the resorts requirements for a "partial ocean view" and admitted that from our room it was impossible to see the ocean. But still maintained it was the correct room category. After arguing for 15 minutes Pilar left, we unpacked and swore we would write scathing reviews on everything we could. An hour later Pilar found us having a late lunch and informed us that she found us a "partial ocean view" room where we could actually see the ocean. We thanked her and went back to repack. Our new room was in building 24 on the 3rd. floor and did actually have view of a small part of the ocean. Disappointed that we had to argue and fight, but finally our room was acceptable. If you have wine by the glass they have a decent house wine. If you order a bottle, you have to pay an upcharge for their wines. This was passed over in the introduction and if you didn't realize you had coupons to take $10 off a bottle of wine you wouldn't know that this all inclusive charges you for a bottle of wine. First night, someone at our table ordered a bottle of California Cabernet that we usually get back at home for $15-$18. They were quite surprised and dismayed when they received a bill at the end of their all inclusive meal for a $90 bottle of wine. Saw this happen again two nights later to a couple who had just arrived from Indiana. We have learned the hard way on prior trips to only drink bottled water. Even to brush your teeth and take pills. So the first day we were disappointed to arrive back at our room and see they had not refilled the mini bar with any water bottles at all. We called room service and asked if they could bring some up. They said they would be right up. Two hours later (after 1 a.m.) they arrived just as my wife was walking out the door to find some ice for us to melt the next morning. The fourth day the same thing happened and we again called room service and they never ever showed up. Last night at Secrets we went back to Bordeaux restaurant because we had such a good dinner previously. Apparently the chef was different that night. My wife had the same veal chop she had prior and couldn't eat half of it. I had their special "Rib Eye Steak" that they were featuring that night. When it was delivered I actually thought it was another appetizer. The steak itself was 1/4 inch thin, and probably 3 to 4 ounces at best. I should have known better than to order steak in Mexico but since it was featured that night I figured it would be good. But not a big deal, they have room service, I'll just order some food later on. Oops, that was the night we ordered more bottles of water, along with my late dinner/snack and nothing ever arrived. We ordered before 10 p.m. and gave up at 1 a.m. and went to sleep. The rooms have a dumb waiter cabinet that they can put the food/drinks in, and it was not their later that evening or the next day when we got up. Only other problem was when we called the day before our departure to confirm our shuttle pick up. We went to the Concierge with the required information and asked if he could confirm our shuttle since our spanish was poor at best. He looked at the info and then said, "you didn't book this thru us, I'll have to charge you to make the call". I was surprised but told him that was fine and he made the call. Upon check out we had a total bill that we put on our American Express of $3.50 for him to call. Not a big deal, but when you are paying $700+ per night for a room I would expect him to make the call for free. One last item, and it's not the resorts fault. The beach in front of the Secrets is very well maintained. As groomed and clean as any I've ever seen. However when you walk a couple hundred yards past the last resort, the beach becomes covered by seaweed and every plastic container known to man. I have a picture below. About 1/2 a mile from the resort there was a crew cleaning up the garbage and the seaweed and maybe they just hadn't gotten to the area just off of the Secrets resort yet. So I'd really like to give them an "average" rating, but the beach, food/bar service and most of the food and drink was above average to excellent. Will we go back, probably not. However it's the best beach in Mexico, and rivals Grand Cayman 7 mile beach and Turks & Caicos Grace Bay beach and it's a direct flight from Detroit so you never know. Enjoy your Travels. Carpe Diem.