My husband and I stayed at secrets Maroma in December, 2011. The property was very nice and well kept. We had a preferred club room on the 4th floor and it was very nice. Overall the experience was good, and if I was only comparing to other 4star hotels I would say it was great but compared to other 5 star resorts Secrets doesn't quite live up. Here is a list of my beefs, in no particular order: 1. Check in was painfully slow. They lost our reservation in preferred club and had us waiting around forever but never really explained the problem. We had to wait around the resort for 2.5hrs (in our canadian winter clothes) while they sorted things out. Then when we got our room it took another hour before the bell boy brought our bags up. 2. we were supposed to get a 400$ resort credit as a promo when we booked the preferred club. When I called the desk and asked they said yes we would get it but tried to force us into a time share meeting first. Then when we finally got the credit it was actually just a bunch of 20$ off coupons when you spend so much...rip off 3. Constantly trying to push the timeshare crap then getting quite rude when we turned them down. 4. Always felt like we had to tip at the restaurants. It is not like that at Sandals resorts at all. 5. The italian restaurant was freezing cold and when we asked for a booth the waiter made us feel like second class patrons and said booths were only for people who were going to buy a bottle of wine (I guess he was assuming we wouldn't) 6. Maid service was never regular, some mornings she would show up at 8 oclock and other days wouldnt come until supper time. 7.no free water sports (sandals has everything) Other than these complaints the resort wasn't all bad. The food was good, the heated pool was awesome and the entertainment staff were fun. I guess if there was a good deal I might go back but I think I would rather pay the extra few bucks and go back to a sandals resort where everything really is included and they made us feel like celebrities :)