We just returned from a 7 night stay at SMB. This was our first trip at an all-inclusive, so we werent sure what to expect. We thought some aspects of the hotel were great while others werent so great. Rooms: The rooms were very nice. Not the most modern appearing rooms but very well equipped with good storage for clothes and bathroom supplies. Bed was very comfortable; TV was good with a variety of channels. Shower and Jacuzzi bathtub were both very nice and we had no problems with hot water as other people have reported. We had a swim out room which we really liked. It was only a little bit more and we were glad we did it. The water in the swim out pool was very warm and it was nice at the end of the day to take a dip in. I would highly recommend the swim out rooms  I would have been jealous of others if we didnt have one. We were in building 12, which was the first building near the theater. It was a bit loud but close to the restaurants and breakfast and the lobby which was nice. Pools: We loved the pools. One of the pools was warm while the other was cold which was nice depending on what you were in the mood for. We never had a problem with beach chairs although we were always out there early. One day one lady did reserved a lot of chairs and she was told that she couldnt, which caused an argument, and they eventually took all the towels off her chairs. I was glad they upheld the policy of no chair-saving. Overall, there were plenty of chairs and nice spots to sit at. The swim-up pool was great and had great service, we really enjoyed it. The buffet at the pool was very good. We didnt have a lot of experience with the food being passed around the pool. There were a couple things each day but mostly only pizza and one other thing. The first Sunday we were there it was the most impressive, the rest of the week it was nothing too exciting. There certainly werent any lobster tacos while we were there! Beach: It was very windy the week we were there so the beach was not at its prime. There was a lot of seaweed and large waves. The staff did all they could each morning to clean up the seaweed but some days it felt like a losing battle. We did manage to go in the water a couple of days, and it was fairly warm and nice. We also took out the Hobie Cat which was really fun and free (we tipped the guys who helped us with it). The kayak tour looked like fun although we did not do it. Service: We thought service was very good for the most part. Our concierge, Pilar, was very nice. Housekeeping was great and bar service was great as well. We thought some of the food servers were not the best as there appeared to be some communication issues (sometimes they couldnt understand that we wanted an appetizer as our entre course and would bring it all together). I also was upset a couple of days at breakfast as they wouldnt allow us to sit outside because the conference at the hotel had reserved the entire patio, even though it was mostly empty when we arrived and when we left. Overall, service was very good though. Food: Food was by far the biggest disappointment to us. We eat at a lot of nice restaurants and have good taste but we also enjoy simple, well-cooked food. We think the problem was that there were SO MANY choices at so many different restaurants every day. We found that things they offered were not made correctly. For example, at the Italian restaurant, we got pasta with pesto, but it wasnt pesto at all, it was more of a cream sauce. Not good at all. At the Japanese place, their tempura vegetables were just fried vegetables, not in a tempura batter, and they were very heavy and oily. The pad thai at the Japanese place was awful, it was just a plate of noodles in some sloppy brown sauce  not pad thai at all. The crab and avocado salad at Oceana was a little bit of crab over leftover guacamole from lunch. We found all of the dinner restaurants to be disappointing. None was better or worse than the others. The hotel really needs a menu consultation to improve the food. They shouldnt be offering so many choices and should be focusing on fewer dishes of a higher quality. The bread and dessert products were also disappointing  always appeared somewhat stale and there were lots of reuses of food  breakfast bread was reused at lunch and at dinner, and was never good. So many things on the menu said prepared in our style which we realized as the week went on meant We dont have the right ingredients or skills to make this so we are going to make it another way that isnt as good as the original. We also never had a choice of lobster at any restaurant  even for an up charge  so Im not sure where other guests ran into it. The Fire and Ice buffet on Friday night was our favorite meal  a big buffet with a leg of beef and a roast pig. It was good and our favorite meal of the week. The breakfast buffet was good with a lot of choices  nothing out of the ordinary but still a very good buffet. I have been on many cruises before and I found the food and entertainment on cruises to be of a much higher level. While we were disappointed with the food at SMB, we would still recommend the resort as a whole. We have never been to another all-inclusive to compare. If you are looking for a nice beach, a nice pool, good service and good drinks this is your place! Please email me privately if you would like any more information or pictures of the menus (we took them for each restaurant).