OK, this is our 4th trip to Secrets (2 previous trips to Capri, and we'd been to Maroma once before - 2 yrs ago), so we obviously have been very impressed in the past if we felt comfortable enough to drag a group of friends with us each time. The good. The resort is top notch. It's a beautiful place, and is very, very clean. The service on the beach, at the pool, and at the restaurants (especially at breakfast) is impeccable. The employees are kind and attentive, the drinks good, and the food great (with the exception of sushi on the beach - see below). The ladies in the group who visited the spa (yeah, all of 'em) raved about the place. The food at the "dinner" restaurants was good, except for one dish ordered at Portofino, the Italian one, which was spaghetti-o's with chicken chunks. Otherwise, the Japanese Hibachi restaurant was my favorite, not only for the entertainment, but the food there was excellent. The golf course (Royal Coral?) was a nice new Nick Price course. Well worth the $85 "cart fee". I saw a group having fun with them on our prior visit, so we all booked swim-out rooms. Although not all our rooms were side-by-side, we still managed to congregate, and the one day when the rain wouldn't stop, the pool party we had in the rain was the most fun in the trip (room service got tired of us ordering "another 12 Modelos", but they braved the monsoon and kept 'em coming (along with all the food we ordered, etc etc etc) - again, the service was awesome! The complaints I have this time were few, but the first one was bothersome. We had a group of 7 couples (our past trips had been between 3 and 5 couples), and Maroma is simply not accustomed (or very capable) of accommodating a group this size. It proved very difficult to eat together, etc., and quite frankly, the night employees' attitudes at those restaurants were the only ones that were quite rude. Second, we were warned about the amount of noise we were making in the hot tub AT 6:30PM!!! Yeah, I understand that this isn't a spring break party destination, but we weren't even being that loud, and seriously - 6:30?!? I guess the rain muffled all that noise during the pool party, because we had to be much louder that day, with no complaints. Third complaint was that the hot tubs only worked sporadically. Again, to the staff's credit, they usually were rather prompt in coming over and giving the heater a kick (or whatever they did to get it to kick on). Fourth complaint was that the bars by the pool/beach all closed at 5. I don't remember that the last time. My final complaint - and this was my fault I suppose - was that I was ill for about a full day with some kind of food poisoning - and I believe it came from the sushi I ate from the pool grill. Yeah, eating raw fish that had been sitting out for who knows how long was not smart, but man, I felt like death for a few hours one night and pretty much shut down drinking much the rest of the trip. All in all, I would still highly recommend this resort. Personally, I like Capri better, but I am the lone one with that opinion from our group who have been at both. I simply like that Capri is smaller, though I do admit that the food seems to be a bit better at Maroma, and the beach is much nicer at the latter. Maroma is also newer, fresher, etc. Anyway, if you're deciding between the two, you're not going to go wrong with either.