This was a little unusual for us - a non-diving vacation, but we had one of our party who was not a diver and we decide to get him certified - but more on that later. Secrets Maroma Beach is a very nice hotel with an outstanding and friendly staff. They could not do enough for us and as an early riser (5am) they were always there to help me out with a cup of coffee even though nothing was open. The hotel has a number of building (26) for rooms and every building has a Concierge. Ours, Raymundo, was incredible, he pulled off a miracle when my youngest and I decided we wanted to dive a Cenote (underground cavern/river) one day. Everything was booked but he managed to get us a Fabulous dive with Dive Aventuras (www.diveaventuras.com) (see our rateings on them in the dive section). There is a lot of entertainment to take advantage of - their entertainment staff of young, sexy people (men and women) are nothing short of incredibly fun and crazy. They will try to get you involved in everything from Karaoke to water walking to yoga to dance lessons to ????. But they won't push you too hard if you just want to watch. There are movies, sports, (the sports bar has an inflatable movie screen for big events (the NFL Playoffs), shows, etc. The food is VERY good at all the restaurants (7) and they will go out of their way to make specials for you if you would like. Don't like the side dish say so and they will do some else, don't like the sauces say so and they will change them. Hint: ask if they have Hogfish at the restaurants - it is a relative of the snapper and is a white, firm fish with excellent flavor! You do not find it at many places because it is usual on taken by spearfishing. If you are a sushi fan - they have sushi at every restaurant and it is pretty good. Long Pants and Polos are required at most of the restaurants for dinner (except the ones by the pool). Also the 24 hour Room Service is AWESOME! It is as good as the restaurants and arrives hot and ready. Tours - OK this is one of the downsides - Secrets is an hour away from everything - town, sites, tours, etc. However do not let this discourage you - yes you can save a few bucks by booking outside the hotel, but use the tour operators in the hotel (there are several). My favorite was Leo from Apple Tours. We book several tours through him and had a fabulous time - Jungle ATV (no sissy stuff here - full out big ATVs in the Jungle at 40mph), Rappelling, Zip lines, Mayan Ruins, Snorkeling with Turtles, etc. Watch the Weather!!!! We got down there expecting 80's and it was in the high 60's / low 70's. BTW - while we are not big drinkers - they do NOT pour cheap alcohol - it is the GOOD stuff even though it is included in your "one price". Last bit of advice - avoid using the on premise dive operation - Aquasports for any certification. We had a VERY dangerous experience with them with our new diver. Wasted a lot of time and money. Overall - GO! This is a great place to kick back around the pool or on the beach - no hassles, no problems, no surprise charges!