We stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach the first week of December for our 10th wedding Anniversary. Overall we were pleased with the resort and would return. We had heard about the dirt road into the property, but it really wasn't for a very long time. We toured a few other properties in the area and they had similar roads through the mangroves. Check in was smooth and in no time we were whisked away to our Ocean front room in building 27. Our room was unbelievable, from the scented toilet paper in the master bathroom, the fresh flowers delivered on the first day, the Jacuzzi on the balcony (which maintenance drained the cold water out and replaced with hot water so we could enjoy an late afternoon soak), the comfortable bed, wonderfully stocked minibar with our favorite alcoholic beverages, to spacious and comfortable balcony with a fantastic view. We took in many sunrises ,sunsets and watched several weddings and photo shoots from our balcony. Water was always hot, we never saw any bugs and housekeeping was done twice a day. Room service was prompt ( except the last morning) and the food always the correct temperature and fairly tasty. The drinks at the bars were fairly good, always had top shelf (Grey Goose, Bacardi, Glenfidditch and Don Julio) however Patron was extra. The house wine was ok, but you had to order by the glass from room service to have some in the room. The beach was incredible, when we first arrived it was a little murky and rough but by the end of our stay we understood how it received the number on rating. You could walk for miles in either direction. Beach loungers were great, but you did have to be out by about 9-10 to get the "right" spot. Beach service was a little slow at times, but Anna and Annali were the best. Anna would bring you a drink before you finished the one you had. You could order food from your chair and never have to leave the beach. The food was good everywhere except Oceana- the selection and taste left a little to be desired. ( Seafood restaurant without lobster????). The Hibachi table was lively and entertaining, but Saki and Japanese beer were extra. The French restaurant was really good- surf and turf with baby lobster fantastic. We enjoyed the Mexican restaurant with our servers and managers teaching us Spanish and tasting flavored tequila. We did the free photo shoot and had a blast. Victor our photographer was really imaginative. It would not be a proper review without mentions some of the area's that could have been improved upon. There is only one restaurant for breakfast- World Caf and men had to wear shirts with sleeves, this was a little confusing since this is a beach resort. At times we felt nickel and dimed- i.e. our luggage was lost for the first 24 hours and our concierge had to call the airline/ airport to obtain our luggage, we had to pay for these calls- $20.00. Patron was extra in the Preferred Club, room service came with the complimentary Anniversary Champagne breakfast and wanted to charge for the champagne, regular lobster was extra, wine by the bottle was extra, extra for Saki and 40.00 to rent a cabana and romantic dinner on the beach 150.00 plus. One other point,-ost of the guests were couples, wedding parties and people celebrating anniversaries, birthdays etc, however there were days where cooperate groups were present creating a totally different vibe. All in all it was a fantastic vacation, no place is perfect however Secrets exceeded our expectations and we will be returning with some friends in the summer.