My husband and I travelled to SMB for our anniversary in late November. While the resort is certainly nice, with good service and decent food, I wasnt blown away by anything other than our room and the beach. We upgraded to an oceanfront swimout in building 27 and that was by far the highlight of our trip. Despite being on the ground floor, we had a stunning view of the ocean, even from bed. The oceanfront swimouts have a huge patio with two loungers and the heated swimout pool was like bath water. It was great to enjoy the privacy of our patio and still be able to hear and see the ocean. We have previously stayed at the Valentin 3 times and loved it. We thought that given the reviews, the TA ranking and the price, SMB would be a step up in terms of food, service and overall experience however, with the exception of the room, it was not. The food at SMB was ok but overall, we liked the food better at the Valentin. The Valentin wins hands down for their guacamole, ceviche and everything at the French restaurant (including the elegant dcor). At SMB, we liked the French, seafood and Japanese restaurants but thought the Italian was quite awful. Breakfast was great but lunch was hit and miss. I also thought the room service menu was better at the Valentin. While we were at SMB, we also found ourselves missing an area like the Plaza at the Valentin where everyone gathers at night and they have an outdoor band and DJ. We are not into the shows and found that our options were either the lobby bar or the disco, both of which are indoors. I knew this when we booked but only realized when we were there how much we missed that. There is also no doubt that the beach at SMB is stunning and much better overall for swimming than at the Valentin. You are also able to walk at the waters edge for miles in each direction without encountering any obstacles. I actually really like both beaches though but for different reasons. At the Valentin, there is a clear area for swimming however, much of the shoreline in that area is rocky. Those rocks though create interesting tide pools and I spent a lot of time searching the tide pools for starfish and other marine life and found them really interesting. While we definitely had a good and relaxing time at SMB, I would not go back there unless we got an exceptional deal and we were able to book the oceanfront swimout. I originally booked a preferred club swimout and after seeing how cramped the patio area is, the upgrade was worth every penny! Some people never use their swimouts but we always book this category of room and we make good use of it. We go on vacation to relax and find the swimout a much quieter option in the afternoon than the main pool area. I certainly would not want to deter anyone from going to SMB, it is a nice resort on a beautiful stretch of beach, it just wasnt a great fit for us.