Hard to add anything else on top of every thing else already stated in earlier reviews. so will try to add bits not already explained too much. we went preferred club, great check in service, didn't use the the private lounge apart from check in and check out didn't realy see the point unless you fancy a game of backgammon or chess in a quite air conned room. plus it,s surrounded by trees and completely in the shade so no where to sit outside in the sun. Swim out rooms are the ground floor of every block which are nearly completely in the shade so a waste of money if you fancy sunbathing by your own pool. Unless you get block 27 or 17 the end blocks next to the beach these i think may be even more money as they have massive deck areas and get the sun all day. Food, is great all other reviews have stated, so won't go into any more detail on that. Drinks Fantastic, Corona on draught and loads of bottle or tin lager available. all top shelf spirits available vodka you could have either Smirnoff Absolute or Grey Goose. Service was fantastic even the mini bar in room was free and topped up with what ever you wanted. Pools. Main pool with swim up bar was so warm you didn't want to get out. Infinity pool was so cold you didn't want to get in. but imagine it would be great in height of summer. Mossies. or Sand flies. Yes there are mossies even in the day time but not surprising as the resort is next to a jungle and swamp. We had a problem in room with mossies so we asked concierge at preferred club and room was fumigated straight away. had no more problems. we got bitten badly on beach all around the ankles so presume this was sand flies so used pool rather than beach. Would probably have been ok if we had used repellant in day time. don't let that put you off the beach as it has a great bar and bed chairs are plenty as long as your there before lunch. I read a review that said the pool area was loud with high fiveing and rowdy behaviour which we was a bit sceptical about before going, yes there was pool and beach volley ball played every day and a few other games as well. all of which you were welcome to join in if you wanted but not forced. As 90% of the resort were American there was a lot of high Fiving and shouts of Awesome but all in good spirits and not over powering. and there was plenty of quite areas if needed. Wi Fi not brilliant ours was included in room rate but if not in preferred club you had to pay to join, not sure if code will still work but give it a go open your browser it will ask you for access code enter XM8WN67 and that should work unless the code has changed.