My husband and I were in Mexico for a week in November 2011. We were originally booked for 7 nights at Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB), but reading all of the glowing reviews about Excellence Play Mujeres (EPM) made me greedy to visit that resort as well. So I called our travel agent and asked for a reservation change to allow us to visit both resorts during the same stay. We stayed at SMB for the first 3 nights, then at EPM for the next 4. Our room was a Junior Suite Preferred Club Swim Out. As others have mentioned, when Preferred Club guests arrive at the hotel theyre whisked away in a little golf cart to the Preferred Club Lounge to complete the registration process. I think this would be beneficial if you happen to be arriving at the resort during a rush, as there would be no wait to check-in. However, it also denies you the opportunity to be awed by the gorgeous lobby. It must make an awesome first impression, and Im sorry that I missed it until later in our stay. The food at SMB was in general very good. We had breakfast every morning at the buffet, and that was great. My husband loved all of the fresh fruit available, both the normal everyday stuff that is easily found in the U.S. and the Mexican fruit rarely seen this side of the border. In November they were having a Hamburger Festival, and the chefs outdid themselves making different types of burgers, from the normal to the exotic. Those were delicious. Dinners were a mixed bag. We arrived late on our first night and were tired by the time we got to our room so decided to just order room service. I did try to use the secret box by leaving the do not disturb light on, but that was ignored. Except for that, the delivery was prompt and the server friendly and courteous. My husbands meal was fine. I ordered some kind of steak, cant remember which. The flavor of the small portion I was able to eat was great, but it was so tough and gristly that nearly the entire thing was literally impossible to cut through. I do realize that food preference is very subjective, but I defy the chefs at SMB to find even one person who would have been happy with that steak. Our other dinners were at the Mexican restaurant, which we both loved, and at the Seaside Grill. For some reason I decided to try another steak at the Grill, this time choosing one that was slow-cooked for 9 hours. I dont know how a 9-hour, slow-cooked steak could be tough but this one was, although not nearly as much as the first one. So if you visit SMB, stir clear of the steaks and you should be fine. Our room was gorgeous. The shower is huge, easily fitting two people without knocking elbows and knees. The entire room was spacious, comfortable and well appointed. Nothing looked old or worn-out. There were enough English channels on the TV, and there was a clock radio with ipod docking capability. We didnt use the in-room Jacuzzi, so I cant comment on the brown water that I read so much about in earlier reviews. As mentioned above, we were in a Preferred Club Swim Out. In other TripAdvisor reviews I read that the swim-out pools arent heated. Maybe thats the case for the non-preferred rooms? Our pool was definitely heated. We only used the pool once though, and if I were to return I would forego both the Swim Out suite and the Preferred Club. As for the Preferred Club, I just dont get it. I dont know what amenities you get for the extra money. Theres the Preferred Club Lounge, which has computer work-stations and a bar with (I believe) a wider selection of top-shelf alcohols. Big deal! Theres no way that I would trek all the way to the Preferred Club Lounge during the day so that I can get a better type of tequila in my margarita, especially with such great wait service on the beach and by the pool. And at night the place was dead. Nobody hung out there. Maybe if youre in a group, and want your own private bar then the Preferred Club Lounge would come in handy. Otherwise its completely unnecessary. If there are other, more desirable amenities that come with the Preferred Club cost, then SMB does not do a good job of detailing those to you at check-in. My husband and I both love a good beach, and as everyone says, the beach here is just gorgeous. Unfortunately we didnt enjoy the beach as much as we would have liked. The first couple of days that we were there we werent really with the program. By the time we got out to the beach (around 10-11 maybe) there were a lot of empty loungers, but they all had towels flung over them. There were some gorgeous sun beds on the beach (all empty), but you had to rent those for an extra $40 a day. It would have been nice for those to be included in the Preferred Club cost. But nope, it was extra. So, if we went back I would save the money for the Preferred Club and Swim Out suite and spend it on sun bed-rental instead. I debated about whether to put this next bit in because, although it was a disappointing experience, it was partially my fault and has not soured me to SMB. During my stay I had an expensive ($100) Bose headset go missing. I usually listen to my ipod while falling asleep, and frequently leave my ipod and headset in the bed when I wake up, as I did on my first night at SMB. The next morning I forgot all about it in my rush to get out of the room. When the maid cleaned the room she left my ipod on the nightstand, but the headset was never found. I actually feel guilty now because I initially assumed that she stole the headset. I was under the impression that the sheets were not changed on a daily basis unless requested, to save water. But the concierge explained that the sheets are changed daily. So, I now believe that the headset probably got tangled in the sheets when the maid took them off the bed. Part of the reason that Im including this in my review is because I read an earlier review from someone who had a loss/theft and felt like she was just disregarded, like no one cared that her property was missing. My experience was different. A report was taken by the very professional security personnel, who seemed to take the loss very seriously. Although they didnt offer any kind of compensation, I honestly wasnt expecting any. Maybe the expectation of compensation (or not) makes the difference between feeling disregarded (or not)? Other than that loss, the maid did a very good job cleaning the room. My original plan was to tip her $5 a day, but after the loss, I didn't tip her again. I now know that she probably didn't steal the headset, because if she were going to steal I think she would have probably taken the ipod as well. But maybe if she had been a little more observant she would have seen the headset. And, if the headset had not been lost she would also have gotten more tips from us. The other reason that I bring this up is to say that I dont feel that theft is a problem here, but it remains our responsibility to take reasonable steps to safeguard our property against loss/theft. This is where I dropped the ball. The only other disappointment I had with SMB was regarding the noise level. My husband and I are not night-people, and I knew that we wouldnt be partaking much in the nighttime activities. So before arriving, I emailed SMB to request a room on the quieter side of the complex, as we would probably be trying to get to sleep while others were still out partying. The Preferred Club buildings are closer to the ocean, and therefore further away from the theater and club than the non-Preferred Club buildings. So I really didnt think noise would be a problem. Unfortunately I didnt account for the weddings. There were weddings 2 of the 3 nights we spent at SMB, and the receptions sounded like they were being held in our backyard. On the whole, the couple of disappointments that I had with SMB were outweighed by the attentive staff, and the beauty of both the complex and the beach. Also, Cancun was simply amazing. After this wonderful trip we decided we will be returning to Cancun twice a year for the foreseeable future. In March 2012 we will be at the VIM, and in October or November, when prices are a little lower we may be at a Secrets or Excellence.