My husband and I just returned from a week at SMB. Location is great, staff is great(except for the spa) and food was good, not great(desserts, they do not do well, and the chicken was rubbery in all the restaurants). The preferred club was not needed and we found that 2 dollars tip per meal and to our maid got us outstanding service without the need for "preferred" club pricing. Once we had tipped everyone they bent over backwards to accomodate us in every way. In addition, in order to get our discounts for massages, etc we had to meet with a woman in the preferred club who gave us the "hard sell" and wanted us to attend a promotion meeting for an hour....we did not come on vacation for this, and this is not what i consider to be preferred treatment. Service at the spa was horrid, where I was told that they had only one massage oil and had no idea what the ingredients were. If you have allergies, as I do, you cannot agree to a massage with an unknown product. They stated it was "all natural" which is great, only I am allergic to grapeseed oil and nettle, and they could not advise if this was in the oil or not. They said, "ok we will cancel your appointment", but did not offer to check with their own hotel store for other oils? We did, and they had baby oil which is hypo-allergenic, so we bought it and brought it back to the spa for the massage. Really, really bad service and not at all what you would get at any spa facility with truly "5 star" status. Just an fyi if you have skin allergies, bring your own oil. Overall, avoid paying for the preferred club, it adds no value and if you go a week bring $75 USD and tip a few dollars and they will treat you "preferred" regardless. In addition, beware the "oceanview", most buildings had huge palms in front of the "view" and you had to be third floor or higher to see the water at all. We advised the staff there was no ocean in our ocean view and they told us, "well, the trees have grown a bit"....suffice it to say that our travel agent remedied this for us, but ensure you get 3rd or 4th floor rooms if you want to actually have an ocean in your view. WOULD WE GO BACK TO A SECRETS PROPERTY? YES, BUT NOT IN THE PREFERRED CLUB AND WE WOULD ENSURE THERE WERE NOT "OVERGROWN" PALMS IN OUR VIEW OF THE OCEAN IN ADVANCE.