If it wasnt for the hurricane/tropical storm and the incessant time-share pitch I would probably give this resort a much higher review. I know the weather isnt the resorts fault, but I felt they could have handled it better. I also dont understand how they can continue to push the time-share, despite all the negative reviews about it here. Due to the tropical storm, alcohol was banned for a day in a half. Apparently this is some sort of Mexican law pertaining to hurricanes. I can understand the ban if it was a hurricane, but it was downgraded to a tropical storm long before the ban took place. It seemed that the resort used it as an opportunity to avoid having to serve alcohol, rather than something that was part of Mexican law. Anyway, I dont appreciate not getting something that I paid top dollar for. We were bugged initially for the VIP check-in, but I told them several times, that I was not interested in a time-share. They seemed to be offended that I called it a time-share and reminded me that it was a preferred package for special customers. They asked where I heard about the timeshare pitch, and I told them that there were several negative reviews about it online. As usual with sales people, after telling them three times that I wasnt interested, they let me go to my room. In addition to the check-in solicitations, there are people walking around the resort who will continue to bug you, which we were several times, while out relaxing at night. I had to continue to be firm in declining the sales-pitch. I got a little annoyed that I had to put my aggressive no-sales pitch face on during vacation. I would probably not recommend a swim-up room again, as the water was a little cold and people would walk right in front of your room. Id probably spend the extra money on an ocean front room in the preferred area instead. If you do book a swim-out, you will enjoy being able to jump in the pool anytime you want. Since I worked-out daily, Ill give an update on the gym equipment, which I found to be one of the best compared to the other resorts Ive stayed at. Theres a bench press and a smith machine with amble free weights to squat/bench up to 400lbs. There are also dumbbells that go up to 50 lbs. There are several nautilus machines, as well as several treadmills and two elliptical machines. I work out routinely, and I found the gym up to par for heavy lifting, and for more cross-fit activity. As many previous reviews have stated, the food is some of the best in the area. I cant say that I have a favorite or a bad experience. I was also very pleasantly surprised at the sushi. It seemed to be very fresh. All the employees are extremely friendly and go far out of their way to help you. Every single person we saw smiled and greeted us with hola. We made sure to tip routinely, although no one expected it. For animal people, we enjoyed seeing the lizards by the pool and the coatis out around the resort. They are very friendly, although the signs advise you not to feed them. I would consider going back to this resort, probably not during tropical storm season, but the time-share would give me a reason to consider otherwise.