I do want to start off by saying that my husband and I had a wonderful honeymoon. Overall, the hotel is great. Great service, spacious rooms (we booked an ocean front and LOVED the view), good food, wonderful spa, great swimup and poolside bars. A couple of issues that slightly disappointed me (but not enough to mar my memories of the honeymoon): First of all, I was slightly disappointed by the beach, which, according to so many other reviews, was supposed to be pristine. It did have the gorgeous white sand so many people raved about... up until the water's edge, where it was overgrown with seaweed, and when I was swimming in the water, I was constantly kicking away clumps. It seems that they cleaned it every morning but it was always grew back over the course of the day. I guess you can't do much about it with being out there 24/7 and disturbing guests though. Again, it didn't RUIN our honeymoon... we just didn't place as much emphasis on being in the ocean. But it was a big part of why I picked this place, so I was slightly disappointed by the results. If it will ruin your trip, I don't recommend choosing this hotel. One other minor issue... Overall, the rooms were clean and well-kept... except that we had a bit of an ant problem. They were really tiny ants that the screen door couldn't keep out, and they were really attracted to any surface that was slightly sticky or had food sitting out on it. Not a HUGE deal... we sprayed them whenever we saw them, and wiped down the spot in question, and we just kept our bags on chairs and such instead of potentially ant-y spots (definitely kept them off the floor). 4 months later, we still have no evidence that we brought any home, so I think we're good. :) Again, these were minor issues that didn't RUIN our honeymoon. We still had a marvelous time, we just had a couple things to adapt to. It's hard to RUIN a honeymoon, after all... you did just get married. :) Overall, we liked this place a lot. I definitely recommend the Preferred Club. We both thought it was worth it. We didn't expect to use the lounge at all, and we ended up using it a TON... it's a great place to go for a small snack and a drink when the main restaurants are closed between meals, and after the pool bars have already closed. And we loved having a semi-private concierge, rather than having to use the one in the main lobby. And, of course, with the Preferred Club comes the proximity to the ocean. If you can afford it, go for it. And I definitely recommend the spa as well. The only reason we did it was because we stayed for enough nights to earn the complimentary honeymoon package, which came with a free 50-minute (I think?) treatment (it actually was meant to be two separate shorter ones, but our concierge let us turn it into one long treatment). But we were SO glad we did. The treatment itself was amazing, and they have this awesome water circuit with sauna, steam room, cold shower, cold plunge pool, and they walk you through it once, and then let you use it as much as you want after. If we were to go back, we definitely would spring for a treatment. All in all, a great honeymoon. But if you need an absolutely pristine beach for your trip not to be ruined, I'd look elsewhere.