If youre looking for a relaxing, Oceanside vacation with a whole lot of luxury and deliciousness, this is your spot. If you look at all of the negative reviews for this place they are all 100% circumstantial or written by people who APPARENTLY were expecting this place to blow their snobbish, high-class brains out. As an upper-middle class 20 something on my honeymoon, this was the perfect location. My wife and I spent 7 days at Secrets for our Honeymoon. Simply put, it was amazing! We did the research beforehand and I was a little concerned with some of the negative reviews I had seen, but they were outnumbered about 20 to 1. And let me tell you, all of the raving reviews generally summed up our experience. We paid extra for the Preferred Status (the lounge and location made it worth it, as we had a view IDENTICAL to the web-cam on their website) and we got the honeymoon package for 7 days (which included a romantic dinner on the beach, an hour long massage, etc). Dont be fooled by the negative reviews. If someone gave this place a very poor rating look closely. They were probably complaining about certain people that were there, or not enough seating around the pool, or cups being left out from the night before I can only assume 2 things about these people. 1) They were destined to have a terrible vacation with such ridiculous expectations to assume that EVERYONE there will be perfect and that the staff of a resort will keep everyone there at a state that pleases that person and 2) they werent there when we were, because it was great for us! The beach and view are gorgeous; the food is fantastic (after 7 breakfasts, lunches, and dinners it was getting a LITTLE old, but it took 7 days to get us there!); the employees dont want you to lift a finger; being in the preferred group there was zero hassle checking in and checking out (cant speak to non-preferred experience). The only reason this didnt get an excellent is because the day and night time entertainment was sub-par most of the time. Thats it. My advice: Go here. Relax. Enjoy free drinks, good food, and a relatively quiet and relaxing atmosphere. Take in the beauty and quality of the view and facilities. And whatever you do, dont let silly little circumstantial things ruin a vacation (regardless of whether its at Secrets Maroma, or not)