It's hard to find a complaint about this place. Clean modern facility, a staff that aims to please at every interaction, a great beach if the Caribbean is your thing (a bit too calm for me), more than adequate food and drink. Read the reviews and you'll see. Some reviews are a bit overly superlative but suffice to say that if this place can't make you happy then you are either VERY unlucky or you just can't be satisfied and really need your own staff and chef. But there are a few things that may keep you away. These will probably be minor annoyances for most, but perhaps not you: 1) Horrible internet: If you are like me and my date for the week you do not have a job where you can just disconnect and act as though work doesn't exist for 8-10 days. The wifi you will get here: - isn't included unless you get a preferred room - isn't cheap ~$16/day - isn't dependable - isn't fast by any stretch of anyone's imagination - doesn't support more than one device at a time. So if you and your spouse decide to take a few minutes each day after the morning workout to get some work done, you're going to have to purchase it twice and you will struggle with slow speeds. No one likes to work on their vacation and when you do, you want to get it done with limited hassles. This alone would probably keep me away. It's even more frustrating since this isn't something that is hard to figure out and doesn't cost the resort much to implement/fix/maintain. Oh and you want to have a couple of iPhones also connected for the week so you can quickly check in at the pool wifi? You'll either pay for those too or constantly be logging them in and out. 2) Pool entertainment is a bit much Want to relax by the pool? Get there early to get a good set of chairs right? Not a problem for me, I understand that there is limited seating. But if you do get there by midday you're going to deal with some pool entertainment folks that are really good at their job which is coax people into playing volleyball or water aerobics or whatever. When I say coax I mean loudly and incessantly. If this is your thing then you'll love it. If it's not and you just want to chat with your girl, then go get a good chair/umbrella at the beach since you're going to want to leave after about 15 minutes of it. I'd say at least half of the people were sorta looking at each other chuckling and praying for it to end. They _do_ get folks to grudgingly play volleyball so I can't knock them, they do a good job. I just question if they should be there at all at a resort like this. I just think that people that want to be entertained will seek it out. But really that's all I can complain about. Some other thoughts about this place. The rooms are adequate I guess. No better than a 3.5-4 star hotel in any major city but in no way uncomfortable or dirty or anything. But you are in Mexico so keep that in mind. We had a 1st floor swim out which we didn't use since the water was a bit cold and the air temp was only in the 80s (October). You don't really get any privacy nor do you get much sun. So if you were paying for the swim out for some "private time", it will only be "semi-private time" which may be fine for most. If you can suspend disbelief for a bit, you'll feel like you are in a French/Japanese/Mexican/etc restaurant and you'll be happy with the food. I had excellent meals and a grand total of one dessert that I didn't like the entire week. The buffets are varied and you can find yummy fattening stuff as well as vegetarian healthy stuff. It was easy for both of us (one vegetarian) to find plenty of healthy food to eat all week. Also do whatever you have to to get some of the paella that tends to wander around the pool and beach around 1PM. I forget the lovely woman's name that makes it (we had a long chat about her technique) but I want her for my personal chef... The staff is really incredibly helpful and you'll find yourself wanting to tip (bring at least $100 in $1 bills with you). I had a total of one person who i thought was a bit rude but it was the night of a hurricane and he probably was worried about his house as opposed to my dinner. You couldn't build a better beach if you wanted to. One tip for scuba divers. There is a full dive shop in the resort next door. Go book with them as they are cheaper, have a boat right on the sand and they go out multiple times per day. (this may be who Secrets books with, not sure). Walk to the beach, go to the left and walk up the sand path next to the fence that divides Secrets from the resort to the North. I was there during Hurricane/TS Rina. The staff worked their tails off to keep their guests safe, entertained and fed. I'm surprised at how many guests were either plain lazy or clueless on how to check up on their flights and were asking the staff to do it for them. Even these people were met with a smile and a "pleasure to serve you". And of course you had the Euros complaining about the loud obnoxious Americans (true) while they blow their cigarette smoke in your face (also true). I'd go back as long as I could get a wireless cell hot spot or something. Perhaps I'll play some volleyball next time and whoop it up.....