This was our 9th visit to the Mayan Riviera area and our second visit to Secrets Maroma. Our first visit was in April 2010 and we had an absolutely fantastic time. We stayed in a non-preferred room but were still treated like special guests. It was so memorable that we decided to return for a second visit and this time elected to stay in the Preferred Club. Between the preferred and non-preferred rooms, they were identical with the exception of the small outdoor soaker tub which we didn't use as we stayed in the beach most of the day and didn't have the time to use the tub. We found that there were only a few small differences between the preferred and non-preferred which included: - Private check-in experience in a separate lounge area with a fully stocked bar & finger foods - Rooms closer to the beach (but further from the main lobby and breakfast buffet) - Wifi availability in the Preferred room (which was sometimes intermittent) This being our second visit to the resort we expected our experience to be as wonderful as the first time. What we found, however, was that the Secret was out...this resort has become popular! As such it felt like it doubled in occupancy between April 2010 and July 2011. There were certainly more lounge chairs by the pool and beach areas, more tables in the buffet dining area and definitely a lot more guests. The resort just seemed to be a lot busier and less intimate the 2nd time around. We also noticed that the guests in our first visit were more mature and the guests during our 2nd visit were younger and rowdier. Beach The Maroma beach is THE best beach in the Mayan Riviera that we have been to so far. The beaches in the resorts around Puerto Morelos including Zoetry Paraiso and Excellence Riviera were all terrific but were not as clear, free of seagrass or had finer sand as the Maroma beach. Iberostar, Grand Palladium, Grand Xcaret and Barcelo did not compare. If the beach is the most important aspect of your vacation then choose Secrets Maroma. If you want a more intimate vacation and better dining experience then choose Zoetry Paraiso or Excellence Riviera. Spa We find it somewhat difficult to start to unwind during the start of our vacation and we almost always try to book a relaxing couples massage at the beginning of our vacation. We also take advantage of the Hydrotherapy circuits offered with the massages. Secrets Maroma is one of the best Spa experiences we've had at the various resorts we've visited in the Mayan Riviera. The facilities were clean, beautiful and comparable to if not better than the Spas in the US and Canada. Restaurants We agree with the positive reviews of the various restaurants. Our favourite was the Bordeaux and the Portofino restaurants. We oftend opted to forego the tea/coffee at the restaurants so that we can save room for the specialty coffees and deserts offered at the Cafe beside the disco (Desires). Entertainment The nightly entertainment that we liked the most were the Rock of Ages, Fire & Ice Show and the Urban Show. Do not miss their house band - Quarzo - they were fantastic! They also have a great selection of daily activities if this is what you're looking for in a vacation. Excursions We booked a few activities with AquaWorld through the Dive shop in the resort and included Parasailing, JetSkis and snorkelling. During our past trips to the Mayan Riviera we found Rancho Baaxal for horseback riding and is located in walking distance to Secrets Maroma. You can actually walk to the ranch. Just walk to the hotel gates go left and you'll see another set of gates on your left. Just go through the gates and walk about 10-15 minutes to the ranch. This is one of the best ranches in Playa Del Carmen. They take the time to match the rider skills with the horse. Please see the reviews on TripAdvisor for this ranch. You won't regret it! Would we stay again at Secrets? Perhaps but we are constantly looking for new adventures and different experiences and there's just so many to choose from in the Mayan Riviera. Maybe we'll find another resort that isn't quite as popular as Secrets Maroma has become. We hope someone finds this review helpful.