I'm going to break down my review in several categories. My review may be a little more critical because we were here for 9 days and only had 3 days of nice weather. With so many rainy days you can really get a feel for a resort and sadly when the weather is this bad there really is nothing this resort can offer. I spent over a year reading reviews for Secrets Maroma, So I know I need to do my part and put up our review. Check in: We were greeted with a moist towel and Champaign. We were early and they handed us a beeper and told us we could get something to eat or check out the beach/ pool. As we were heading to check out the lobby someone approached us for the dreaded timeshare sell. She put us down for the next day, But we never showed up. If we would have gone to her sales pitch we would have missed our best day of weather! At 3pm our room was ready and a very friendly man took our bags to our room while explaining a few key things about the resort. Rooms: Beautiful! We had the swim out suite in building 24. ( We did NOT have a problem with Mosquitoes) The bed was very plush and comfortable. Now here are our two biggest complaints from the trip. The air conditioning is horrible! You are on a sensor, so in the middle of the night I would have to stand up to get the air to come on again. It took 3 days and countless calls and pleading to our concierge Fabiola to get us a fan. After we had the fan it was like sleeping in a dream. Now we had HORRIBLE weather which caused our room to flood. The floor wasn't caulked, which caused a massive amount of rain water to flood our entire bathroom and foyer. Once again we called and called, they sent a repair man twice, but he would only mop it up and leave. This happened on day 3 and it was NEVER resolved. No one offered to move us and no one even apologized for the inconvenience. Staff: This is their highest mark for me. (Excluding our concierge and the maintenance ) The staff in the dining rooms and the bars were out of this world. Everyone we came across was helpful and friendly. We had our best service in the Mexican restaurant and with our photographer Mario (He takes stunning photos and he keeps you at complete ease) Every single person you pass would say hola and we even had a man give us his umbrella when we were stuck in a down pour. I can't even begin to praise the staff at Maroma enough. We tipped everyday for every drink and every meal, I was kinda shocked to see no one else doing this????? Beach/Pool: The beach is drop dead beautiful. Perfect white sand and turquoise water. I wish we would have been able to enjoy it more, but the time we did have was a dream. We loved walking down to the iguana mansion and taking photos. Not to mention the beach swing bar was my favorite spot in the resort!! The pools are beautiful. We loved the iguanas sunning on the rocks and the Coatis in the bushes. We never once had a problem finding a chair or float. Our swim out pool was too cold to use and no they wont heat it for you (I've seen that on here a few times, it's not true) Food/drinks: Our favorite place was the Steakhouse and the (Go figure) Mexican restaurant. The T-bone at the steakhouse was by far the best meal I had on our honeymoon, it was so good we ended up eating there twice. I have no clue why the Mexican place gets bad reviews? The food was beyond tasty and the service was the best out of all of them. Try the pomegranate tequila and the mango margaritas!!! My least favorite was the Asian restaurant, everything there was like sucking on a salt lick. The french place, Italian, and coco cafe where all top notch too. We never went to the Seafood restaurant. Room service was hot and delicious in 30 minutes every time. Try the Coconut ice cream and the margarita pizza. The breakfast buffet puts the buffets in Vegas to shame for me. I miss the crepes and omelets already, we loved the fruit and juices station as well. Last but not least is the pool bbq.... That bbq chicken is addictive and those curry potatos are truly missed. Drinks: We liked the drink service in the lobby the best not to mention the cocktails seemed a bit stronger there. You can get premium liquor just ask for what you want. We loved our honeymoon at Secrets. Obviously a resort can't control the weather so I would never hold that against them, but it's how they handled certain situations that made me remove a star. We will most likely return, But we want to try EPM next. Tip for animal lovers: Go to the back of the resort (The road they deliver food on) to see the coatis! I'm in love with those little guys.