Stayed 9/5 thru 9/14 for our honeymoon. Bring lots of sun block and a can or two of Off bug spray. The resort sells both but at ridiculous prices, $20 a can or something like that. Mosquitoes were only an issue at night. Internet  Free wireless for preferred club in room and at the lounge. The main lobby has a business office that you can use for the internet as well. It says a max of 15 min each but no one is in there to monitoring it and I think they only have around 2 or 3 computers set up. They charge $15 a day for wireless access if you did not book a preferred club room. Preferred club  Would probably do it again simply because I like being closer to the beach. Other than that it really provided no additional benefit besides free internet . Airport - As soon as you clear customs make a b-line for the airport exit and avoid anyone inside the airport. These people are all dressed alike and come off as some sort of Mexican welcoming committee asking if you have transportation and such. What they really do is pull you off to the side give you some basic info on where your staying and the surrounding area, then based on what resort you are staying in, tell you that your resort is not Mexican owned and operated and try to get you to visit one of the Mexican owned resorts for a time share pitch... Transportation - The resort does not free transportation so you have to book it yourself, unless you booked through a travel agent, which I did not. I used USA transfers http://www.entertainment-plus.net/. $80 round trip for two (private) Once you walk out of the airport avoid everyone and look for the person holding the "USA transfer" sign. He then calls the driver who comes and picks you up. The van was clean, nice and seemed brand new. The driver was also very nice and it took about 30 minutes to get to the resort from the airport. Once you arrive you pay the driver the full amount. Pickup back to the airport was the same. I did tip each driver $10. THE ROAD - yes the drive from the main highway to the resort is riddled with potholes for half the length and paved the rest of the way. After traveling for 8 hours to get there I COULD CARE LESS that i had to sit through a few potholes for a whopping 3 minutes at most. If you've ever driven the Schuylkill Expressway this is a walk in the park. Seriously though, for the people who complain about this and let it affect your review. GET A GRIP!... Check in - After arrival we were driven to the preferred club to check in. Took about 20 minutes to a 1/2 hour for check in and we had no wait to get into our room. They give you $200 in resort credits (coupons) which are basically useless. They are in $10 increments and you can only use one at a time and for VERY limited reasons. If you want to buy a $60 bottle of wine you can only use one $10 coupon. If you want a $100 massage you can only apply one $10 credit to that massage and so on.... Honeymoon package - we booked this option which is free if you provide a copy of your marriage license. 25 minute couples massage which we combined into one 50 massage for her. Dinner on the beach which was very good, not private as there are other couples on the beach as well but it is quiet and very nice none the less.... Couples photo shoot. Not bad and the pictures came out really nice but the prices are a bit excessive. The shoot is free but the pictures are $15 a piece... I kept balking until she offered 30 for the price of 15. Still high but it was our honeymoon and she really wanted the pictures. We also got a CD with all the pictures and a photo book that is supposed to arrive in the mail (included) in the price... Room - Preferred club bldg 16 room 1644. The view was insane. We were originally going to get a swim out suite but went for the view instead and we were not disappointed... There was only one building between us and the beach. Bldg 17 which is a preferred club upgrade these are two room suites and actually face the beach as opposed to the other buildings which are set on an angle. The room was nice the beds were comfy and the view spectacular. We were there for ten days and rarely, if ever, saw anyone using the pool for the swim out suites. Go for the ocean view. Not sure what floors 2 and 3 are like but I expect their view is nonexistent due to the trees... Room service was fine not a huge menu but good. The fridge was stocked everyday with whatever you wanted (beer, soda, water). There is also a small door next to the front door that is used by room service when you don't want to be disturbed. They place the food in the cubby and you open it from inside to remove and place back any dirty dishes without ever having to answer the door. The shower was fine, never had an issue with hot water. Never used the tub. The bathroom itself is wide open with no privacy except a curtain that draws across the front. The toilet is in its own room but with only a frosted glass door for privacy. If you don't want to hear certain things go out on the balcony. The balcony had a soaking tub but we never used it..... As stated by others the rooms aren't ice cold but they are comfortable. I had a fan delivered to the room and was fine the entire time. Also note that the A/C automatically turns off whenever you open a door and turns back on when you close it. I believe it also turns off when there is no one in the room for an extended period of time which may be the reason people complain their room isn't cold enough when they get back from the beach or pool... Turn down service and cleaning were done every day. Grounds  Very clean and kept up. Saw grounds keepers almost every day maintaining the grass and gardens. Pool  Nicely laid out and clean but spent exactly zero minutes there. In regards to other reviews, yes it is loud and crowded, due to a combination of knuckleheads getting drunk and the entertainment committee hosting several poolside events all day, volleyball, Beer Pong and so on... The grill at the pool was good for afternoon snacks and they have chefs come out around lunch walking around the pool with trays of food. The sliders were great as was the pizza and Taco push cart. Pool bar closes at 5. The Beach  I now know what the phrase powder like beach means. It is not sand but more like finely crushed coral which is like baby powder. No rocks or shells very quiet and relaxing. They clean it every morning so there is no seaweed unless it rains in the afternoon and churns up the water. The water is crystal clear and blue and feels like bath water. As you walk into the water, fish swim all around you looking for food so we brought bagels down from breakfast and spent a lot of time feeding They have beds on the beach but you must rent them for $40 a day. We sat under the palapas (giant grass umbrellas) and never had an issue finding two open lounge chairs There is a beach side bar open until 5 and they have servers walking up the beach taking your drink or food orders so you never have to get up. You dont need to tip but I tipped each round about one or two dollars each. No big deal when everything is free. Plus coming from the States I feel bad not tipping servers. If youre staying here I highly recommend that you go to the beach instead of the pool. I have never been to a nicer beach They do have a few events on the beach like volley ball or some type of soccer but its not intrusive or overly loud at all. Food  Breakfast buffet at the world caf  Awesome, huge selection Italian  Also very good there lasagna and pasta were great Mexican  Again very good French  Never ate here Seafood  Did not eat at the restraint but they did provide the dinner for the romantic beach dinner and it was very good Steakhouse  Found the steaks to be less than quality. Tough and somewhat spongy. Did have the Kobe beef, which was like a roast and it, was really, really good. World Caf  BBQ night, very good roast pig, lamb and beef on open fire pits. Hibachi  Need reservations, we made them but never made it out that night. Coffee bar  Very good. Deserts were good and they have small mini sandwiches as well during the day. Dress code is a bit confusing. I saw people wearing shorts in some restaurants even when it said you had to wear long pants. I was told at the Italian restaurant one night that I needed pants to sit inside so we opted for the patio. This lasted all of two minutes as we were getting DESTROYED! By mosquitoes, to the point we left and I put on pants and sat inside. The next morning it looked like we had the chicken poxs from all the bites. Bring OFF Entertainment  Some pretty good shows and they have movies which are still in theaters showing most days. The nightclub/disco was lame, not a lot of people in it ever. Only the disco and main lobby bar are open at night. And the shows last until 10:30 at the latest. After which it gets pretty quiet at the resort at night. Shows  American Idol  very good must see Rock of ages  Also a must see. 80s hair metal played by an all Mexican band Caribbean show  Skip. Maybe 30 people watching this one Hip Hop  Break dancing and beat boxing, very good, a must see. Monday night football on the beach  giant blow up big screen and they had a bar and buffet set up. The entertainment committee does run bus trips to some local bars in Playa or Cancun after the shows but they dont return until 3am. If you want to leave early you need to take a cab. Return factor  Absolutely, without a doubt