My husband and I just got back from a 6 night stay at Secrets Maroma. It was a very nice stay. We dont think that we will be staying there again as other resorts we have visited in this area better fit what we am looking for in a vacation. I will not be giving this resort a bad rating as it was not bad just not our favorite. I will let you know what we were looking for that we felt was not there compared to other resorts we have stayed incase you are the same type of vacationer as us. We have visited El Dorado Royale, El Dorado Royale Casita, El Dorado Maroma, and Excellence Playa Mujeres and all better fit what we are looking for in a vacation. As I said before the resort is very nice, clean, good service, and great food/drink. If you are looking for a resort with lots of people all around then this will be the place for you. If you are looking for a place for privacy and peace and quiet this will not be the place. There is only one pool at this facility with one pool bar. It is very busy and crowded. The other resorts we have stayed at have more than one pool and you can choose to be at the loud rowdy pool or the more relaxed pool. Also if you want a palapa bed on the beach then you will have to pay. which we did but the other resorts listed offer this without charging extra. There are beds for free around the pool but dont offer much cover/shade. We also like being close to the ocean and the pool and this resort is so large that doing so is not that easy. The other resorts we have stayed seem to have all the rooms more centrally located to the pool and ocean. As everybody else has said the mosquitoes are awful. I was eaten alive. Every night I bathed in citronella soap and put bug spray on and they still got me. If you like to enjoy the nightly entertainment well then this is the best resort for it. We really loved the nightly entertainment. The American Idol show and the Rock of Ages show were our favorite. The entertainment staff at this resort is the BEST by far that I have ever seen. They try to get you involved but are not pushy at all. There is always something going on here!! Of all the resorts we have been to this is our favorite as far as entertainment goes. Wonderful music in the lobby each night while you are enjoying cocktails! Men be sure you go by the dress code if it says long pants do it. They will make you sit outside if you dont and it will be miserable as the mosquitoes will bother you during your whole dinner. The beach at the resort is not a private beach like we are use to  it didnt bother us much but I thought others might want to know that you share the beach with other resorts. I know lots of people have complained about the lack of AC and I have to agree that it is not that good. But if you get a fan in your room you will be fine just ask for it when you get there. Other resorts I have not had to ask for this but it was not bad once we got the fan. I hate to sound like a complainer because the resort was Very Good, but just not our type of resort as far as size and amount of people. I can understand why so many people enjoy it and think it is wonderful. Not to say we did not have a wonderful time, but we would just not return to this resort because the others we have been to seem to work better for us. If we could take one thing from this resort to the other resorts I have stayed at in the past is the food/beer/drink selection! It was great. I have been to Mexico many times and have never been able to get any fizz to my vodka and soda and this is not a problem here and every drink is so COLD. The food is great too.