Overall impressions: Great for honeymooners, anniversaries, or people looking to truly relax. You can enjoy activities without ever leaving the hotel-days have everything from yoga to dance lessons to nightly entertainment. The pool with swim up bar and beach were amazing. Fish surrounding you in the ocean and even a bat ray swam by. Truly picturesque. Food: Restaurant food exceeded room service fare which was fine, but to maximize your money, go to the restaurants. Bordeaux and Portofino, the French and Italian restaurants were our fave, followed closely by Ocean, offering steak and seafood. We did not go to Hitmitsu or El Patio, Japanese and Mexican. Alcohol: Flowing and speedily delivered. All good too-a great place to experiment. Service: The staff lives to serve. Everything is met with "it's a pleasure." They go out of their way to make your vacation truly a relaxing experience. Accommodations: Excellent, clean, spacious, great view. We booked during a special and received an upgrade to a full ocean view room, which was gorgeous. Air conditioning was a blessing, though make sure you have the doors closed or it won't function. Bed was a little soft for our tastes, but we still slept well enough. Bathtub was nice, with jets, though it did sound like a shuttle was taking off. Weather: September is humid and hot. Only affected our day trips to Tulum and Chichen Itza where we were sweaty and dripping without exerting any energy. Most everywhere inside is air conditioned. Stormed a few times, but like anywhere tropical, it passes after a short while. Other: This is less about the hotel and more about the area. Definitely visit Chichen Itza-amazing, especially if you have a well informed tour guide. Though I'd heard wonderful things about Xel-Ha-skip it if you aren't into tourist traps that are glorified DIsneyland meets Wild Rivers theme parks. It's a natural preserve, but the water is clearer in the various cenotes we visited, as well as the beach. Overpriced and a day somewhat lost, though it's bundled with Tulum, so perhaps do it on your own versus a group so you can enter and exit on your own time. In hindsight we'd skip it and have an extra day lounging at Secrets drink in hand.