We just got back from Secrets Maroma and I will be completely honest with you. The beach was amazing! Food was so so good. Food on the beach, drinks, so good! Service was outstanding! Again, totally honest here. We were upgraded to a beachfront room on arrival, so so nice, with no extra charge. The only problem was that they were working on the swimming pool ouside of our room almost the whole time! But still was very nice. The last day we enjoyed our swim out room with noone outside working on the pool, which was great. Some things I did not like, and they are very few but very bad. The MOSQUITO'S almost ate me alive! I had to spray myself 3-4x a day, no lie. I am totally ate up with mosquito bites from my belly to my back and lower abdomen, so so bad for such a wonderful resort. They even sprayed our room and the mosquitos came out at night. I wondered if there were bedbugs also. I have little bites all over, and I am still very itchy to the point I have to put lotion or benedryl cream on. I won't return only because of that. We took spray- OFF and also Avon skin so soft dry oil spray and it did little to help me. My husband didn't get bit as much as I did, not sure why. But he kept spray on too, even before bed time. So sad. If they could do something about the mosquitos I would love to return. Something else that I didn't like was that you couldn't take the rafts to the beach, they were for the pool only. I understood why because of the sea salt, but everywhere else we have stayed had no problem with us having the rafts on the beach, big no no. On the very last day, I asked a waitor to retrieve me a mat for my swim out pool and he brought me one, of coarse he recieved a nice tip for doing it for me. But one of the managers came up behind him and told me that the resort didn't own the rafts and that they were from another company that leased them I think and that we weren't surpose to have them at the swim out rooms, don't know why, it was pool water not sea water. But I told him it was our last day and didn't get to use a raft and he said it was fine. So I got to enjoy my raft the very last day, hurray! Service was outstanding, food was so good everywhere. My favorite was the mexican restraurant- El Patio, Lucio was wonderful! So fun! We laughed thoughout dinner the whole time. Also, we loved lobster at Bordoux, and Hector was a very gracious and polite server, and I wish we would have met him earlier. All the waitors were so nice and polite. Food was plentiful by the pools. The World Cafe was great for breakfast, didn't eat there for supper, but lunch was so good there too. The service people were all so so very nice. From check in to check out, they were all great. Another downer was the dark bathrooms, it was hard to see, not good lightening at all to put your make up on or to dr up your mosquito bites. Very poor lightening. Another negative, only expresso coffee in the room, didn't like it, it was way too strong for us. So we usually ordered our coffee from room service, which was a plus, I will never go to a resort that doesn't have 24 hr room service, this resort has it all. The jewerly shop was pricey. I looked at a ring for 28 grand there, unbelievable. I thought it would be around 6-7 grand, that price blew me away. So no gifts to take home there. I bought better gifts at the resort we stayed at previously- The Royal at Playa, great jewerly there. But there is no no way that the Royal can compare to Secrets Maroma Beach. The Beach, was breathtaking, I loved it. Wide beautiful beach with lots of chairs and shade and soft sand, turquoise waters, fish, food or drinks served right on the beach. The Mosquitos were really the only thing that will keep me from returning and this is no fault of the resort, but I only wish they could do something about it. Very romantic resort, great for couples, honeymooners, anniversaries. We were celebrating our anniversary, and I wish we had done our beach dinner there but we did it at the Royal, which was enjoyable with lobster, but the wind at the Royal and little to no beach was the pits along with the wind. We were so ready to go to Secrets and we were in for a delightful scenic beautiful beach and that is what we got there. If you are not bothered by bugs, then don't worry you will love it. I have always had problems in attracking fleas and mosquitos, and it was very irritating but I lived through it. I would only change that, and the dark bathrooms, coffee in the room and the rafts at the beach. But the beach and food and service were the best things. I will warn you about 5th Ave. though. I read lots of reviews how safe it was there. Maybe we went at the wrong time, but we were very harrassed to say the least and have been to Mexico 3x and I know how to deal with bartering and the people and have never had a problem before now. There were2-3 guys that were very rude and I don't want to give details what happened but we won't ever go there again for sure. The people at the resort were some of the most hospital people in Mexico, very polite, friendly, always had a warm smile to greet you. It is sad, because I wanted to spend some of our american money at 5th Ave. but those guys ruined it, we left within about 5 minutes and spent our money for suveniors at the resort and at the Airport, great suveniors at the airport, better to buy them there but you will pay what they want at the airport and that is okay with me as long as we are not harrassed it is worth it to me. We had a wondeful time. Get pictures by Antonio, he was great. Very accomodating, laid back, we had lots in common, very genuine type of guy, he's the boss, didn't know that till later. Mary was delightful helping us with our pictures we selected, very sweet! Love those people. That's pretty much it. You can email me if you have questions. Would go back in a heart beat if it wasn't for the MOSQUITO's.