We recently stayed at this resort for 6 days with another couple, and had a very nice time. We went for labor day weekend, and it was about 90% full at the resort. The weather was amazing, hot, and very humid. This caused there to be lots of mosquitos. We got a lot of bites which was the worst part. The breakfast here was the best part. had buffet with fresh fruit, fresh juices, a cheese section, crepe station, egg omlett station, mexican station, pancakes, waffles, french toast, bread station, pastry station, and even alcohol if you wanted to drink! it was perfect. For lunch they had a tapas buffet by the pool, and they had a restaurant there as well if you wanted to sit down to eat. Both had really good food. For dinner you have many choices,but our favorite was the mexican restaurant in the main building. had good meat! keep in mind the dishes are all small, so you need to order more than usual. as far as the beach, the water was amazing. turquoise waters, white soft sand. They dont have any water activities at the resort, so if you want to go for that, you will get bored. We had to leave the resort to go to dolphin swimming and jet skiiing. BTW, do not get any excursions with Olympus Travel at the hotel! They are the people wearing the Florescent Orange Tops that book excursions for you at the resort. THEY WILL LIE TO YOU TO MAKE A SALE! They booked us waverunnning, for 3 jet skii's. We paid about $400 for 1 hour. We got picked up, taken to some marina., and we were told that we are not allowed to go out on our own, and that we had to follow this guy around in the water. The person who sold us the excursion told us something COMPLETELY DIFFERNT. HE said we can go out on our own and that we can go as fast as we like, etc... which is what we wanted. What a LIAR. we wasted 3 hours of our day on this and came back to the resort to demand a refund. It was horrible. But this has nothing to do with the resort itself. For nightlife, it has nightly entertainment, that we found to be silly and also had a nightclub that was actually fun if you got wasted drunk!! Anyhow, we loved it and would go back again!