My husband and I went here for our honeymoon at the end of August 2011. The resort is extremely nice, clean, and the staff is above and beyond nice and ready to serve you. I did a lot of reseach before we left, read all the bad reviews so that I was prepared. I'll sum up my review with the points that I found important. The staff in the resort, at the pool, and ocean were great. Everyone spoke English well and within minutes you were being asked if they could bring you anything. The restaurants were all very good. We ate ALOT here....some of the items on the menu were not good so I would just order something else. Never had a bad meal here. If you are a steak lover get steak here. I had steak at 3 of the restaurants and could not complain once. Service is just outstanding here as well. When it rained I did not notice the bugs, when it did not rain I noticed the bugs and was getting ate alive on our last night. But thanks to the bad reviews I packed bug spray - sprayed it on myself and didn't get bit again. So yes there are bugs just pack bug spray. There are a lot of couples here on their honeymoons and anniversaries so if you are looking to vacation here and make friends and hang out w/ other couples during your stay you will probably have a difficult time doing that. We met some couples through the evening events and then would see them later on during the trip and watched as they stuck to themselves. No biggie we were on our honeymoon as well so it didn't bother us. As for complaints with the warm rooms - I have no idea what people are talking about because my AC was on the entire time and my room was cold. Just keep your doors closed on your balcony because if they are open for me than 1 minute the air does automatically shut off. Biggest complaints : They definitely water down their drinks and the desserts are just awful! Yes they have to put water in the liquor bottles because we got drinks through servers, then would go to the bar and watch them make it, then we'd continue to sit at the bar and watch them make it as we asked for a double and it still tasted water down. However there is a fix to this....ask for unopened cans of beer. Half way through the trip when we realized that the mixed drinks were watered down we just asked for unopened cans of budlight and that solved that problem. We were told not to buy and upgraded room, we reserved a normal jr. suite w/ partial ocean view and when we got their they asked why we were there. They said they'd bump us up and they did, then they asked if we wanted bumped up again and told us it'd be $200 extra a night. We took the free bump up and absolutely LOVED our room. The beach and pool are beautiful and the resort and staff were great. Just make sure to stay away from the VIP desk because they do set you there to get your coupons which we ended up not even using. But the people at that desk try to give you an additional $100 couple for the spa or a private dinner but you have to sit through a 90 minute lecture at 8am or 10am...I obviously told them I was not interested and that was that. I would stay here again - just was not pleased with the drinks. Hope my review helps!