My husband and I just returned from Secrets Maroma Beach. The property is absolutely gorgeous and we definately had a good time but there were a few dissappointments. It didnt make the trip terrible in any way but with a couple of needed improvements it could have been over the top great. The rooms are very nice, love the decor and canopy beds! They have all the comforts from home incuding a 1 cup brew expresso machine which was nice but dont forget to get the coffee from your concierge. The room did not have shampoo or conditioner! Which seemed odd but they did have a very nice smelling soap and lotion! The hotel was very clean throughout. The staff was super friendly and made you feel very welcome in their country. The only dissappointment we had with the staff is that we felt the bartenders could be more engaging with the guests. They were pretty blah compared to other hotels we have stayed at and really they should be more animated and entertaining as they make up a huge part of the experience. The food was very good overall including room service. Our favorite was the mexican and we also like the Italian. We didnt get to eat at the Asain but I heard it was really good from other guests but you do need reservations for the tappenyaki table. We have stayed at a lot of hotels in Mexico and overall felt the guests actually staying were kind of stuffy and some were rude to be honest! Not many smiles and I heard a lot of people complaining and grumbling. Unfortunately, you can't choose who you vacation! The best part of the hotel in my oinion is the location & beach. They have the most beautiful beach location! The sand is so white and soft and the water is blue blue blue! The waiters will bring you food and drinks all day long too! In general, the staff never said no to any request, if you asked for it they would get it for you, no problem. There was just a lack of enthusiasm from some staff. Also, lots of honeymooners, every other door had a honeymoon sash on it. If you have the money splurge on the Swim Up Suites. They are very cool. Hope this helps. Like I said we didnt have a bad time but we have had better times at other hotels.