I'll start this by stating my husband and I travel a lot. This was our 15th trip to a resort with many of them being all-inclusive. During this trip a group of 5 couples stayed at SMB for 5 nights in August. Three of the couples were in the preferred club while us and another couple were not. We arrived at the resort around 4pm, check-in was quick and easy. Immediately after checking in we were referred to the VIP person but we knew this was the time-share ploy so we told them we were not interested and signed a form not to contact us about this any further. There were no other issues with time-share people. The bellboy gave us a tour of the resort while he walked us and our baggage to our room. We were in bldg 24 with a swim-out room. The room was clean and very well appointed. The furnishings are beautiful. The refrigerator items were barely cold so we turned down the temp and it was fine the rest of the week. The room was 74 degrees, we asked for a fan and this circulated the air enough so the room stayed at 70 degrees the rest of the trip. We ordered pillows from the pillow menu. Everything we asked for was taken care of immediately. There were a few mornings when the water in the building was barely hot. It would be nice if they provided towel on the patios of the swim-out rooms. We had to use our bath towels and ended up running short. Housekeeping was excellent and took care of the room by 10am each morning, we did tip them $5 a day. The pool is very nice but it can be hard to find loungers if you get out there in the afternoon. The wait service at the pool is excellent. We tipped the staff every few rounds or if they brought us food. The "parade of food' which starts around 1:30pm is amazing. About 25 chefs come around the pool with a variety of food (such as grilled lobster, burritos, chocolate covered bananas, etc.). There is also a pork taco cart which roams the pool area each day, the tacos are highly recommended! We had good meals in all of the restaurants, our favorite was the Asian. The service was good and the the room temps in the restaurant weren't uncomfortable. Some people had a few encounters with mosquitos but I didn't have any trouble. The beach is amazing, powdery white sand and crystal clear water. The spa is top-notch. Overall we had a great time, we stayed at the Secrets Capri last year and this resort is MUCH better! There are a few reasons I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, such as the room temp, problem with hot water and lack of towels on the patios. Also, the pool bar closes at 5 so if you do any type of excursion and come back in the late afternoon it's almost impossible to get a cocktail. The "Karaoke Night" on Thursday is actually a "Karaoke Hour". The place was packed with people who wanted to karaoke but they went back to disco music after one hour. We enjoyed our swim-out room because we also had friends in the same building and were able to swim over to their room. I don't think I would use it much if we weren't there with other people. Our friends who had the preferred club feel it was worth the money. I recommend staying at SMB and would stay there again.