Let me start by saying that the STAFF totally makes this resort so special, hands down!! Secondly, the location on Maroma Beach is superb, and we are having a tough time finding such a fine location in an all-inclusive resort for our next vacation which will include non-adults. Having said that, we found a few things lacking this time around. Being our third visit and my 50th birthday celebration, my daughter had emailed the resort prior to our arrival and was promptly answered by the general manager promising to "try" to upgrade us for our special visit. Upon arrival, nothing was available as far as upgrades. (More on our upgrade to follow.) We traveled this trip with our two adult children (ages 21 & 22) and my mother-in-law and father-in-law, so we were a family of six. We were accommodated very nicely in all the restaurants and were treated like royalty at every meal. The staff remembered us from our past visits and stopped at nothing to keep us happy! (THANKS ANTONIO)! Back to my adult children..they absolutely loved the resort, staff & especially the entertainment staff, but found this resort totally lacking nightlife. The few trips (various clubs in Cancun & Playa del Carmen) planned by the entertainment staff never materialized due to the fact they did not have enough participants. Yes, I am sorry to say, that this resort is mostly taken over by honeymooners who, for the most part, really want to keep to themselves. The Rock Show was fabulous and should NOT be missed. The entertainment staff should be commended; they are extremely motivated and enthusiastic but not too intrusive. You can truly be kept busy all day if that is your choice. Our favorite restaurant (the Italian) from our last two visits has gone down hill a bit, in our opinion. We are an Italian family and thoroughly enjoyed our past two visits but this time it was not quite up to the previous years. Our favorite and best meal was the French followed by the Mexican. The Coco Cafe is an absolute must! The cappuccino was made to perfection as well as iced lattes and espresso. Thanks to Antonio, my daughter was given a double espresso each morning at breakfast. And NO she did not need to go to the cafe herself; he promptly brought it right to our table. The omelet station is wonderful and the dear woman making these omelets at the first station near the main buffett is a genius, as my daughter would say.....each cooked to perfection! The cart by the pool that offers painting is a great way to spend time out of the sun if you wish...the young gentleman who runs this cart is VERY talented, personable, helpful and truly makes your painting experience wonderful! Please give it a try and tip him well as he truly deserves your patronage. Since we knew the front desk staff, I quickly told them to NOT even bother trying to send me to the vacation club desk and they respected my wishes and dropped it immediately. The massage prices have gone up considerably from last year that we skipped the spa. It just was not worth it in our opinion. The gym was great; it has a new, larger location and has ample exercise equipment. Just a note on the computer room; it is UNBEARABLE. The heat in that room is unacceptable and we actually asked for a fan while using the computers, it was that bad. Finally, to our upgrade! Our second night, my husband returned to the room and his key would not work; he quickly found a worker and his key would NOT work as well.1+ hours and four workers later the lock and door frame were removed and we gained access to the room; however, it was uninhabitable at this point so we were quickly moved to the 4th floor with a fabulous viewhence I finally got my upgrade! I truly thought we would have found an apology of some kind the next morning for our troubles, oh well! Overall, we probably will not return to this little piece of heaven as there are truly many other places to explore. Do not get me wrong, it is a fabulous resort and the STAFF is top notch. Definitely put it on your list as you will not be disappointed. ENJOY !!