First off, we have stayed in Cancun areas 4 times and 2 of them were at Excellence Playa Mujeres. Excellence has always been our gold standard. We traveled with 3 other couples. So lets get started. Food: secrets wins hands down. They have less places than excellence but the selection on the menus are better and have more choices. The Seaside grill was the best we ate there twice for dinner and twice for lunch. But here is the bad part. Every restaurant was very, very hot. All four couples sweated through every meal, except seaside grill (and that is outside)!! Secrets must do something with the AC because you sweat buckets just sitting in one spot. The lobby and lobby bar were very hot as well. Rooms: Excellence wins. The rooms at secrets are smaller with no real sitting area, the TV is smaller, patio is smaller, shower is very small, (Excellence has two shower heads and 10 people could fit in it) Secrets shower we struggled to get both of us in there when you wanted to wash your hair or do other things :). The hot tub was quite nasty at secrets, the water was green and then when we turned on the jets chucks of stuff started shooting out of it. Yuck, we called about it and they sent some one up to clean it but we didn't use it. We took photos! Another couple in our group had the same issue. Lastly, the rooms are very hot! We had to ask for a fan and it ran all day and night. Excellence was not like this. Beach: Of course Secrets wins. The fish swim right up to you and you can feed them. Pool: Excellence wins, they had more floats and better shade. But Secrets seemed to have more wait staff at the pool so you didn't have to get up and get your own drink unless you wanted to. Activities: Excellence was better, they had more things to do during the day and the shows were better at night. Secrets wasn't bad just excellence was better. Spa: Secrets spa and look was much better than Excellence but Excellence hydrotherapy was better. Service and Staff: Excellence wins hands down! The check in was a mess at secrets they don't seem to be on the same page. They first thought we didn't have a reservation and then they assumed that all the ladies were sharing a room! Then of course they tried to shuffle us to the time share folks but we told them no and they pushed the subject again. Don't fall for it. Some of the bartenders would tell you they were out of a certain drink (say Don Julio) but then you would catch them pouring it for someone else. Then when you asked about it they would just shrug and then pour it for you. This happened a few times at the lobby bar so we reported it to the front desk. Also, some of the pool servers weren't always friendly. Some only smiled when you tipped them. If you catch this place on sale go for it(which we did), we had a great time but if the price matches Excellence Playa go there instead. The AC issues in the rooms and every other area is what made me rate it a 4 star. Also the mosquitos were not as bad as we thought, I only had to spray myself on the last night there. July 23-28, 2011.