My wife and I went to Secrets Maroma for our 10th anniversary in early December 2010. We have been to the Pacific side of Mexico many times (including Cabo, PV, Acapulco, Ixtapa), and wanted to experience the Caribbean side. We didn't want to stay in Cancun (we prefer to stay away from the mega-crowds), and I researched several hotels up and down the peninsula. I instantly noticed that many were all-inclusive, particularly those that were not in Cancun or Playa Del Carmen, probably due to their distance from those cities. I have always avoided all-inclusive resorts because of their general reputations for being crowded, loud and poor qualify food/drinks. We also upgraded to their "preferred club" which means you are closer to the beach (not necessarily ocean front, which obviously costs even more), and receive some nice additional amenities (stocked mini-bar etc). We also paid for the honeymoon package, which includes a dinner on the beach under the stars, and a spa treatment. In general, the hotel was more crowded than I expected. However, it was not unpleasantly crowded. Part of the reason I expected less crowds is because the hotel is bigger than the images on their website would lead you to believe. Secrets Maroma is an adults only resort. The food at Secrets Maroma was very good. Again, I have always avoided all-inclusive, but was not disappointed. Everything is included, except for certain wines. They had several restaurants on site, including French, Italian, and of course Mexican. The fish was fresh and wonderful. At the main pool, and on the beach, they BBQ'd every day at lunch - burgers, fish, etc. We took advantage of the room service just about every other morning for breakfast. The pools were nice - one heated (with a swim-up bar), one not. Both were close to the beach. Like many hotels, people will often thow their towels on the chairs immediately next to the pool, early in the morning. Fortunately, the hotel has a policy that they will remove any towel left on a chair before a certain hour (I can't remember if it was 7, 8, or 9am). The pool would get pretty crowded. Part of that is because when you go to their website, they show a great pic of the pool with nicely spaced out chairs. In reality, it's packed much tighter. Not uncomfortable though. However, I prefer the beach anyway (I didn't travel 7 hours to spend my time on concrete), and Maroma beach is known for being very picturesque. There were plenty of chairs and palapas on the beach, and the food/drink service extends there too. Even though tipping is not required in the hotel, naturally, you get much better service when you do, particularly the pool/beach service. Anyway, the water was very pretty but don't expect Aruba clear waters. The reef is not far off shore (maybe 1/4 of a mile?), and on a few days I kayaked out there either by myself or with the guide from the hotel. The water was never calm enough that far out to get out and swim around without losing your kayak, nor would you probably want to dive right there. Still, the beach was beautiful, particularly for someone that has always spent his time on the Pacific side. The hotel sits at the south end of a row of hotels on Maroma Beach, a fact that I liked because it meant less beach traffic. A few hotels down is the very expensive Maroma Resort and Spa... much less crowded than the others for a reason (I liked the beds they had on the beach... looked very comfortable for two). You could walk south of our hotel for a few miles before you reached another. However, once you pass the end of Maroma beach (~1/2 mile from our hotel), the water gets rougher and it's not as scenic. Surrounding the hotel is jungle, and with that comes quite a few coatamundi, I believe they are called. They look like racoons but with a long nose and sharp claws. People are cautioned not to feed them around the hotel (although we saw quite a bit of that happening, because they are kind of cute). The rooms were very nice, and we had the option of ocean view or having a swim-out room. The swim-out room is basically the bottom floor where there is a long but narrow pool that extends the length of the building. It's a neat concept, and there are bushes allowing privacy from people walking by the building (except at each end), but you share the pool with everyone on the first floor. From my balcony, I noticed a couple swimming nude (not a pretty couple either LOL), but generally there is no rule for or against it that I was aware of. Regardless, I preferred having a balcony with an ocean view to kick back on, as the novelty of the swim-up pool would probably get old, in my opinion. The balconies do have soaking tubs, but I found that they took way too long to fill. Still, it was kind of cool to have that there. We got a good deal on the price, because we booked 10 months in advance. The prices got crazy just a few months later. I would possibly go back with comparable pricing. However, we have two young kids, and therefore we would have to go alone (we went alone because it was a special anniversary), and that opportunity will probably not arise again for a while :)