My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma from July 12-19 and had an amazing, relaxing vacation. There were many things that we loved about this resort and a few things that we found a little disappointing. Obviously, different people are more particular about different things. Heres a little about us, so that you can read our review in perspective: We are both in our mid-twenties but are pretty quiet and keep to ourselves. We came on vacation to relax and spend quality time with each other. When we went to our travel agent, the things that were most important to us in a vacation spot were a very quiet, adults only spot, with good food. Last year, we traveled to Sandals Whitehouse and LOVED it. We wanted to find something very similar. In this review, we couldnt help but compare our previous experience at Sandals with Secrets Maroma. Positives: the food, room, service and entertainment The Food: There is an excellent choice of restaurants with top quality service. There was a really nice selection of choices at every restaurant. The quality of the food is excellent for an all-inclusive in Mexico and the presentation is BEAUTIFUL. Breakfast: we went to the World Caf buffet for breakfast everyday. The selection was really nice. I especially liked the crepe and omelet stations. The juice selection is really unique, too. The fresh fruit was ok, but it was way better in Jamaica. After 7 days, everything got a little old. We wished they had changed out some selections so that there were different options. There wasnt anyone in the Coco Caf around breakfast, even though they stated they had continental breakfast, so we never tried it. It looked like they only had pastries there. I loved their coffee drinks, though. Lunch: So many great options! We got chips on the beach a few times. I could live off the chips, guacamole and pico de galo there! We ate at the Seaside grill everyday for lunch and it was awesome. There is a really extensive menu and a salad/sushi bar. You have to try to the fish or shrimp tacos! My husband had a burger one day, which apparently wasnt good, but everything else was. Dinner: Overall, dinner was really well done at this resort with almost perfect service and a full menu with so many different selections. Our personal favorite restaurants were Portofino and Himitsu. The hibachi was really well done and the food was awesome. Some other items which you have to try are: the onion/cheese bread served at every restaurant, the tortilla soup at El Patio, steak at various restaurants was cooked perfectly, the shrimp was really good at every restaurant and many others. Just something I found funny was that they reused the same items in different restaurants and just tweaked or renamed them. I accidently ordered similar pudding based dessert 3-4 times, even though it had different names and descriptions. As previous reviews have said, they use the same teriyaki type sauce on many different types of meat at different restaurants. The room: beautiful and really clean. We loved the modern feel and the tub in the middle of the room. The patio was spacious and very pretty. Service: was really exceptional. The restaurant servers were great as were the bartenders, entertainment staff, cocktail waitresses, etc. The service on the beach was a little spotty, though, which personally we didnt care about because we can get up to get our drinks haha. Entertainment: We went to a couple different shows while at Secrets. They were fun and a nice way to end a night. Some were very corny, which made it entertaining, in its own way. The fire show, however, shouldnt be missed! It was awesome! Things we wished were different: beach, pool, view from the room, layout of the resort, the check-in process/concierge and the bathroom door. The beach: was crowded and not private, especially in the afternoon. The palapas were pretty close together. We got there early and ended up moving some chairs around everyday to gain a little more privacy. The beach was also not private from other resorts. There were several people selling sunglasses, cigars, handbags, etc. The sunglasses guy was pretty pushy and would approach you 3 times everyday, even if you kept saying no. We also saw families walking down the beach from other resorts, including kids. One time, there was a young boy swimming in the water right in front of Secrets. Coming from the beach at Sandals, which was so beautiful and quiet, I was pretty disappointed with this after hearing what a beautiful beach it was. Yes, the water and sand is beautiful but we didnt think it was exceptional in comparison to Whitehouse. Actually, my husband thought the water was nicer and calmer at Sandals. There was a good amount of seaweed at Secrets, especially by the evening. The pool: There was really only one pool, broken into two sections. Once again, it was kind of crowded and difficult to find an empty seat in the afternoon. The floaties were hard to come by, too. It was often loud from people and music. For example, one day there was this fashion show with awful music. Speaking of bad music, it was plentiful. We actually heard A Whole New World from the Aladdin soundtrack played. Haha! Check in process/concierge: The check in process was a little disorganized. There were too many people showing us to too many different desks and the staff just seemed confused. We were also not shown to our room, but rather just pointed in the direction that we were supposed to walk. I thought the concierge was very unnecessary. We were actually more annoyed with this service because ours called up to our room many about us missing out turn down service or to meet with us about one thing or another. We got to the point where we just wanted to be left alone to enjoy our vacation. View from the room: this has been said many times in past reviews so I was kind of expecting it. We paid for ocean view. Yes, we could see the ocean but it wasnt really worth the extra money. I was disappointed by the not so great view. Layout of the resort: This is personal opinion, but I prefer a more intimate feel rather than as modern as the resort was. It was very beautiful, in its own way, but was not quaint or that interesting. Most of the restaurants are in one big building. To me, it would have been nicer if everything were spread out. Hate to compare again to Whitehouse, but I have to. The grounds there are much more beautiful with lots of flowers and cool places to explore at Sandals. I also was hoping there would be a restaurant with an ocean view, which there was not. Bathroom door: was just a frosted pain of glass. Whatever, were married, so not a huge deal. But seriously, Secrets, Would it kill you to put a real door on the bathroom??? I may seem very negative in this review. All the disappointments mentioned here were written to guide others. We had a great time here and didnt let these seemingly small annoyances get to us. That being said, if we knew about the beach ahead of time, we may have chosen a different resort. We had a great time, but would not return. One last tip! We used the company Edventure to tour the Tulum ruins and snorkel in several different locations. Heres a link to my review of them. http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g150812-d1383184-r115595586-Edventure_Tours-Playa_del_Carmen_Yucatan_Peninsula.html#REVIEWS I HIGHLY recommend them.