Secrets Review: I'm writing this review mainly to "give back" to this Trip Advisor community board, which my wife and I read diligently for weeks before we made our decision to go to Secrets Maroma and the weeks leading up to our trip in anticipation. Thank you all for your honest and insightful comments. I spent as much time writing this review as I did reading the posts form other people, so please forgive me for it's length. I tried to categorize/sub-categorize to give you a better "all-around" assessment of our experience. We arrived at Secrets on Sunday, June 26th and stayed until Sunday, July 3rd. (I purposely waited a couple of weeks to write the review in order to "decompress" and provide more factual as opposed to an emotional response) Overall- my wife and I would rate the resort 4 out of 5 stars. (We consider ourselves both "hard but fair" in our rating responses). We traveled here to celebrate our 30th Wedding Anniversary and this was our first "couples alone" trip in 10 years. So it was highly anticipated. Arrival:(3 stars) *Cancun Airport: (3.5 stars) We heard some horror stories about getting through customs. But we arrived on a Sunday afternoon at 12:30pm and it only took about 30 mins form the time we left the plane to the time we got outside to meet our transport accommodation. Warning- DO NOT speak to anyone inside the airport after you leave the luggage area to the time you are outside the building. DO NOT make eye contact with anyone. There will be about 30 people in information "uniforms" that will approach you and attmept to speak to you. Whatever you tell them when they ask what your transport arrangements are, they will tell you that's them. IT IS NOT! Your transport people will be outside holding up a placard with the agency you used to book your trip. They wil have a clipboard with your name on it. The guys inside the airport are time-share scam artists that will "kidnap" you for 2-3 hours before they get you to your resort. (Thanks to my bother for this pre-warning) When you walk by them, they will insult you if you don't stop. Ignore it. Keep walking. Get outside. Don't go with anyone else. *Drive into Maroma: (2 stars) Let me warn you, (and I saw several other reviews that mentioned this too), the last 2 miles into and out of this place is like driving into Baghdad, Iraq after the US bombed it for a week. It's a one lane gravel road with "pot-holes" the size of bathtubs. Driving down this road comprised 18 of the 45 minutes it took to get from/to the Cancun airport. There were "pull-offs" for vehicles leaving the resort-they had to yield to traffic coming into the resort-so the outbound trip was about 5-7 mins longer than the inbound trip. I believe there were 2 other resort entrances on the way into Maroma's, which was the last stop on the road. The only reason I can figure is to why they don't spend a few hundred bucks to at least dump more gravel into these holes is that the three resorts can't come up with a plan to split the costs. I would not say this was a deterrent from returning to this place, but a really bad first impression. Arrival at the Resort: (3.5 stars) *When we arrived it was pouring rain and remained that way for the first 2 days. (I think this was from the tropical storm that pounded the west coast of Mexico. My first recommendation- DO NOT go to Mexico in June. This is their rainy season. We were told it rains only 6 days in June. Maybe over a 100 year average, but this year there was at least 15-18 days of rain in June. It rained every evening for 30-60 mins, no big deal after what we experienced the first few days.) We were ushered into the "seating area" where they check you in and then immediately told to go back outside and wait for the Preferred Club chauffeur to take us to our room. A golf cart pulled up with plastic coverings down the side. Juan was our attendant and he took us to our building for check-in. (We stayed in Building 25, 3rd floor, Room 2537) Juan was awesome- he was smiling from ear-to-ear the whole time and also when I saw him later in the week. He ushered us into the Preferred Club lounge and we sat down to meet with our check-in person, Anna. She was also pleasant and always had a big smile on her face. They brought us 2 glasses of champagne about 5 seconds after we sat down and a cold towel, which we did not need because of the A/C and the dampness from the rain. My wife and I immediately asked for 2 strong cocktails-which we needed in order to get over the ride in. Anna was the "information" person and gave us the resort overview and confirmed our package. There was another desk with a "closer" (i.e. time share salesperson) that was not around when we checked in. In all honesty, I probably would have talked to the person since it was raining anyway. This is where they tell you to talk to the person to "get your coupons". We did stop by later in the week for about 10 mins. to get our "coupons".The coupons consisted of 10% of wine purchases, $40 off a Spa treatment if you spent $200, a 20% discount off jewelry purchase, and a free photo shoot which included an 8"x6" portrait. We did not take advantage of any of these-but I STRONGLY encourage you to use the Spa coupons (more on that later). We had to sign something saying we got the coupons-which I think credits the "closer" so he gets spiffed or at least helps in keeping his job. My advice, sit down with the person, have a drink with you (maybe two), smile and shake your head a lot, thank him/her for their time, and then go vacation. These people have families to support and Mexico is a tough economy. *Oh-we had an Anniversary package that was requested by our travel agent. (Sarah from Secrets-Experts.com. They did a nice job with a competitive price. They use American Express/Sunset Travel advisers in Mexico) It's important to be sure to get this included on the reservation in advance if you're celebrating an Anniversary or Honeymoon.(Must celebrate the anniversary within 3 months of the date and bring a copy of the Marriage Certificate) Lots of extras with this that made the experience even more special. More on that later. Accomodations:(5 stars) *We had to wait for our concierge, Roberto, to take us to our room once we were done with all the intro routine. Roberto was a nice guy. Young, personable, slick talker. He is what I term in my Chicago parlance- "a wiseguy". (Always tells you what you want to hear, always smiling and pleasant) However, if he didn't write down our requests, they didn't get done. (Just so you know- I also tipped him $20 upon our first meeting. These are the guys that are supposed to make things "happen" for you. We asked for extra pillows and extra towels that didn't show up. I had to call late on Sunday night to get them. There was also no cream or milk brought up for my "must have" morning coffee. On Tuesday I went down and had a nice discussion with Roberto and things improved immensely after that. He also started writing my requests down in his concierge book-which is the right way to do it when you have an entire building to take car of. So, my advice- make sure the concierge writes down your request if he doesn't immediately get on his walkie-talkie headset to get it taken care of for you) *Room: (5 stars) Top notch. I've stayed in many swanky hotels throughout the years and this ranked right up there with all of them. They put a "Happy Anniversary" banner across our door-nice touch. The floors were all marble, the king size bed was comfortable, the toiletries were high quality, the shower was huge, there was a hot tub for two between the bathroom and bedroom, a seating area in the room, and a balcony with an ocean view(3rd and 4th floors are ocean view rooms) and a fantastic tiled soaking tub on the balcony with warm and cold running water. (The first 2 days I sat in it and drank Coronitas as I watched the rain fall and listened to the ocean). Okay, about the A/C. There is a thermostat on the wall. It's only there to turn the A/C off or on. It will NEVER get below 74 or 75 degrees Fahrenheit, regardless how low you turn down the thermostat down. People, it's the tropics. 90% plus humidity all the time. There is not an A/C unit in all the world that can take 90 degree temps with 90% humidity and get the air down to below 70 degrees. With that said, my wife and I were comfortable the entire time. They do have ceiling fans in the rooms which helps to move the air. We had no trouble sleeping at night, although you won't use the blankets for long. We were on the 3rd floor and I inquired about a 4th floor upgrade, which they would have given me upon availability, BUT, the 4th floor balconies had thatch roofs which allowed the rain to come through. The 3rd floor balcony remained relatively dry and this was important for the first 2.5 days, so we opted to stay put. We saw the swim out rooms on the first floor. They looked okay, but rarely did we see anyone in them. These are not connected to any of the hotel pools. They are "stand-alone" pools accommodating the 5 or 6 rooms at that level in the building. Also, everyone had a view of these pool through the "vegetation" as they walked the paths to and from the buildings. So if you think you'll have privacy, you really don't. I would opt for the ocean view rooms over the pool rooms. *Mini Bar: (3 stars) Very "mini". 5 Coronitas, 2 small bottles each of Coke and Sprite, 2 small bottles of juice, 1 small bag of M&M's, one small can of Pringles, one mini bottle of Jack Daniels, Bacardi Rum, Vodka. Replenished daily if used, but not by the maids. The replenishment was taken care of by a "cart guy" that made his rounds late in the day in our building-between 4-6pm. With that said, we didn't really take advantage of the mini-bar other than the Coranitas for this first couple of days. *Room Service: (4 stars) We took advantage of this every day in the morning and upon arrival at 3pm. (Got nachos-fantastic, and pizza-just okay, and a Negra Modelo-very nice.) If you have a Preferred Club status, I strongly encourage you to go down to the club at 7am and have the bartender make you Cappuccinos or Lattes. The Room service coffee was not that great.Also- the continental spread in the Preferred club was vastly better than Room Service.It was fairly quick to receive your order, between 20-30 mins max. I'm sure this time will differ depending upon the time of day you request service. *Resort: (5 stars) The entire resort was immaculately clean and they had groundskeepers and attendants active ALL DAY cleaning up glasses, taking care of the bathrooms, making sure there were towels at the pool, etc. I read a review from a guy from Philly about the Lobby not being nice. I have no idea what this guy was talking about. The Lobby was fantastic. Marble, clean, nice smelling. They had a huge bar and lounge area that was mostly taken advantage of in the evening hours before and after dinner time. They had musical entertainment in the lobby in the evening which was first rate. The lounge acts were WAY BETTER than any entertainment provided by the nightly theater acts. I would recommend to take advantage of this bar, which my wife and I did only a few times. These were the best bartenders at the resort, (almost-more on that later, too) They had servers in this area so you didn't have to go to the bar to request a drink. Very crowded from 5-8pm. Also, this area was the warmest and must humid place at the resort (other than the Theater) probably due to it's size and the continual foot traffic. *Preferred Club: (3.5 stars) I think I paid $400 for the Preferred Club upgrade? My wife was thoroughly convinced it was worth it. I am not. We had 3 rotating bartenders in the Club- none of them very personable and one had a slight attitude with me after he made my wife a second round of Chocolate martinis the first day and used "well liquor" after I instructed him to use top shelf the first time and tipped him $5 before he even poured me the first drink. I brought back the 2nd round and he was a little po'd. There was always hors d'oeuvres available at the club, mostly unrecongnizable fish type crackers but the morning spread was numero uno. They also had sushi one day which was fantastic. They also had 3 computers in the lounge area so you could check e-mail, etc. the same several people monopolized it every time I was in the club, though. (Your're on vacation, people. Leave the Facebook at home.) If you're on a tight budget- this is the first thing I would leave off the amenity list. If you're wife wants the upgrade, take it and enjoy it, cause she's well worth it. *Pools: (5 stars) They have several pools- none of them attached. The "infinity" pool-way cool and I think the best pool there. The "bar" pool looked comfortable and people were having a good time there. We never ventured into this pool. **Okay-here's the deal with the lounge chairs and "saving" spots. If you try to go down to the pool at 7 or 8am and put your stuff on a chair to save the seats for later, your stuff will be removed in about 10-15 mins. by a "pool patrol" consisting of three personnel. Two are the guys removing the items and one is the "supervisor". They have a clip board with every chair mapped out on it. They mark down when they see someone drop off items on a chair and they mark down the time it was done. 15 mins later, if no one is sitting in one of the "saved" chairs, the items are removed and taken to a holding area for later collection. They do this until around 10am. This was FANTASTIC! I came down at 8am with my kindle and coffee while my great looking, in-shape wife went to the gym. (Hey, I'm on vacation, right?) The first sunny morning I went down to the pool for a chair- they were all reserved. I was bummed and needed some towels- so I went up to the attendant and asked for 3 towels so I could begin looking for a spot to "mark" as my own. The attendant walked over to some seats that were "reserved", took away all the items, handed mt the towels that were on the seats and said, "Here you are, sir". AWESOME! An hour later some guy came by with his wife and told me with an attitude that he reserved those chairs. I pointed to to the "attendant area" and told him they removed his items an hour previously. Hehehehe. They did the same thing at the beach, too. Way cool. *Poolside entertainment (5 stars): You HAVE to go to the tequila tasting, sushi making, and guacamole demos. It was educational and fun! The entertainment staff are very personable and usually remember your name after you meet them. Restaurants: (4 stars) We ate at all the restaurants except the Mexican one. (We did experience the Mexican fare at the Breakfast buffet and on "Mexican Night". I thought the Mexican food was some of the best I've had, and I'm a fairly good judge of Mexican food since it's my favorite! Best overall restaurant- Himutsu. (**FYI: You DO NOT need reservations for this restaurant. Only if you want to site at the "show" where they prepare your food. I HIGHLY recommend you do this at least once. I called and made reservations before I left.) Also, the Breakfast buffet is definitely what everyone said it was. Endless variety of food of all kinds. I liked the "Bloody mary" station where you make your own drinks. ("hair of the dog", yes?) The Bistro was okay. I'm not familiar with French food, but I liked the duck plate I had. Italian-just okay. I thought the chicken Parmesan was pretty good, though. The seafood restaurant- just okay. My wife liked it more than I did. I do not think the fish is fresh. Also- ALL the steak dishes I had were OVER-SALTED big time! (to the point where you couldn't really enjoy it) Also- the steak is not a prime cut. Medium = Well done here, too. I think the grilled shrimp was the best seafood fare. A little secret for you- eat a the Poolside cafe in the afternoons. We ate lunch between 1:00 and 2:00pm everyday. I thought this was the best prepared food and drinks on a daily basis. Wait staff is very attentive. A 5 star recommendation- the coconut ice cream! (and I don't even like coconut) *Bars (4 Stars): You can always find a drink, here. The best bartender was at the poolside bar next to the infinity pool. (I think his name was Pedro. He had a "lazy" eye and the dude was THE BEST bartender I ever saw. He would even pour a little of the drink he made for you on his hand to taste it before he gave it to you and made sure it was to his liking first.) I recommend getting your own drinks near the pool unless your too relaxed or too sloshed. I did read some complaints about "watered" down drinks. I don't think they are, I just think your metabolism works harder/different in a hot and humid environment. What we discovered the last couple of days, ask for your drink and then ask for a shot of the main alcoholic ingredient on the side. Our favorite drinks: Mango Martini (2 versions-one with champagne and one without. Prefer the without) Maroma Bay Breeze (ask for the Bacardi Anejo and Malibu Coconut rums). I also enjoy Negra Modelo beer and they have it on tap at a couple of the bars. *Entertainmnet (2.5 stars): We saw 3 acts. A juggler/comedian- we both fell asleep during the show. Enough said. A Ricky Ricardo Cuban dance review-4 stars. The only thing missing was the singing. A drum/fire show- 3 stars. The drums were way better than the fire. Those drummers didn't stop for 45 minutes. The theater where they have the shows is pretty stuffy and humid. This was the worst bar, too. Overall- I've seen better entertainment on cruise ships. *I highly recommend the lobby bar area for evening acts. These singers and musician were "professional" level, for sure. *Spa (5 stars): We had a 50 min. Couples Massage that was part of the Anniversay Package. Use the Spa coupons they give you. I believe the 50 min. massage is $110 without discount. It is worth it even without coupons. The Spa itself is amazing. They have a sauna, steam room, whirlpool, massage pools. Attendants are awesome. Guys-if you don't want a Spa treatment, get one for your wife. She'll love you even more than she already does! *Dinner on the Beach (3.5 stars): This was also part of the Anniversary Package. You have to do it at least once in your life. The ambiance was 5 stars. The food and service left a little to be desired. I wouldn't pay $200 for it, but we were told that if you book a 7 day vacation, you get this "gratis" as well as the Spa. (That's unsubstantiated info, though. Talk with your Booker about this) Summary: 4 star experience, overall. Definitely worth it. My wife wants to go back and she's been beaming about the experience for 3 weeks, so I consider that a good review in and of itself. Book for Feb. through May, when it's not raining and the humidity is down. *I'm available for e-mails if anyone has any questions!