Whilst on a recent 21 night trip to Mexico we spent a full day at Secrets Maroma Beach on 16th June This was our 27th trip to the Caribbean and our 6th trip to Mexico having stayed previously at Occidental Grand Xcaret [Royal Club], El Dorado Royale Casitas, Excellence Riviera Cancun and Excellence Playa Mujeres so we like to think that we have a fairly good well calibrated holiday measuring stick In recent years we have rather fallen in love with the Excellence Group and have stayed at all their resorts on multiple occasions. We did feel however that we should start to experience some new resorts as well which is why we became interested in AMResorts, as we saw them as having the same high standards as Excellence Resorts. We have now been to their new Secrets Resorts in Jamaica as well as Zoetry Agua and Secrets Sanctuary in Punta Cana and on this trip we also stayed at Zoetry Bonita and also had a day out at Secrets Silversands I will be perfectly honest upfront as usual and say we did not purchase a day pass for our day out at the resort. The purpose of the day out was twofold: To see if we would like to stay at Secrets Maroma Beach on future trips to Mexico To increase my knowledge of the resorts in the area will would assist me in answering questions on TripAdvisor and Facebook and allow me to make comparisons with other similar resorts Having free entry for the day will not prejudice my opinions and as normal I will remain unbiased in this review of our days experience and in all further writings about the property. Resorts are fully aware of this and respect me for being unbiased as they are fully aware that no resort is perfect or ideal for all guests On arrival at the resort we were met by Rafael Cordova who gave us a quick tour of the resort before showing us to our room for the day which was in Preferred Club Building #25. This is a twin bedded room and has great views over the main pool towards the ocean As you will see from my photos the room has everything you should require for your stay and some very nice design features. Although not completely to our personal tastes we loved the lighting and some of the well thought out finishing features where they had uplifted some of the mosaic tiling from the outdoor Jacuzzi on the balcony and incorporated this around the exterior lighting and wall. We also liked the contrasting coloured mosaic tiling in the bathroom area. There is also plenty of closet space and a good sized and well equipped bathroom area We had breakfast in the World Caf where you can dine inside with AC or outside al fresco on a good sized covered terrace. The World Caf is beautifully decorated and the breakfast selection as you will see from my photos was excellent with the usual wide range of hot and cold fare, juices and fruits  service was very good with many of staff on hand to make sure breakfast ran smoothly One of the things that really impressed us both on the way to our room initially and also walking back up for breakfast was the fact that none of the sun loungers had been reserved. Secrets Maroma have a very strict policy which is actively policed about people reserving sun loungers both around the pools and on the beach  good on them and I only wish a few more resorts would follow their example After breakfast and returning to our room to get changed we explored the resort and beach. I must admit that from all of the comments I had read about the beach I did have very high expectations as so many people describe it as the best beach is Mexico and the 4th best in the world. Whilst I do fully agree that it is a terrific beach and much better than the beaches at Playa Mujeres, the main Puerto Morelos hotel strip and for example at El Dorado Royale where there are large sandbags offshore, I have to be honest say that I have stood on many more spectacular beaches around the world The resort itself is in a traditional horseshoe shape with all the upper floor rooms, even those sitting well back, being able to see the ocean in the distance. There are two oceanfront buildings [#17 & #27] which do have great views. Running from the reception area all the way down to the main pool there is a central water feature which acts as the spine or backbone of the resort. It starts its journey in reception as a bubbling cup of life and then passes through the Rendezvous Bar/Lounge before popping up again outside the World Caf in the shape of a fountain. The water then flows down through various rivulets and pools changing colour as it goes before widening out and flowing into the main oceanfront pool The resort has some very lush planting at its heart and the swim up rooms do have a great deal of privacy because of this. The designers have also opted to use Japanese grass which has a very tufted and uneven feel to the grassed areas For lunch we had the choice of room service, Paella on the beach, World Caf, Barefoot Grill or Seaside Grill  great options. We opted for the Seaside Grill which turned out to be an excellent choice as the menu was extensive and the food and service were very good indeed Prior to dinner we had a couple of drinks in the Rendezvous Bar/Lounge which is beautifully decorated with so many stylish features  it is simply the type of room that asks to be photographed. On the evening of our stay we had the choice of seven restaurants and elected to eat in the Bordeaux as we had enjoyed it so much in Secrets in Jamaica. We had an excellent meal in what is a very intimate setting  again the food was cooked to perfection, beautifully presented with very high end service. All the restaurants we saw looked very attractive indeed and many have a terrace for people to dine outside should they wish. We especially liked the star lighting on the terrace which transforms the terrace into a romantic dining venue On the evening we were there they were holding a special BBQ outside the World Caf with large meat joints, etc being roasted over open fires  the event seemed to be very popular indeed. All the menus we saw and the food we had during our day out was of a very high standard for an AI Resort and in addition it was all very nicely presented The resort in the evening is transformed with rope lights and mood lighting which completely changes the ambiance and appearance of the resort All in all we had a great day out and we sincerely thank AMResorts for their hospitality. Having spent a day at Secrets Maroma I can well understand why it is as popular as it is and why it gets so many favourable reviews - it is a stylish, elegant resort that is well laid out. Is it a resort we would return to  most likely yes for a short stay as we would like to broaden our Secrets experience. I am personally not a great fan of the horseshoe layout but I do think that this one works well because of the amount of central planting which screens the majority of the buildings from one another. Also, as I said earlier the style/decor of the rooms did not really suit us. This is why travel is so interesting. On the flipflop_man 360 holiday scoring matrix which measures 14 different parameters which are important to us Secrets Maroma Beach scored 309 . Do I think this is an accurate reflection based on the fact that we were only at the resort for a short period of time??? Yes I do as many travel agents who visit resorts to see what they are like are there for far less time than we were. We were lucky enough to have spent nearly 12 hours at the resort, had three meals, access to a room and free roam of all the resort. My review is factual and backed up with a comprehensive photograph album. Reviews are but one persons opinion of their trip and this is ours  will it vary from other peoples experience  of course it will as we all have different expectations and holiday measuring sticks  ours is fairly sophisticated as we are lucky enough to travel a lot and seems to match a lot of what other people who read TripAdvisor are looking for Should you be interested in seeing some photos of our day out please click on the link below: http://travel.webshots.com/album/580480927dyZsuA Best viewed in slideshow format For photos and videos of other trips we have made feel free to check out http://community.webshots.com/user/flipflop_man Please note that any time you enter the happy world of flipflop_mans magic moments and memories it is always wise to have a drink in hand as there are always a lot of them to see  we are very lucky people. As always I am happy to answer any questions