We traveled to SMB June 28th- July 5th (wish we were still there). My wife and I have traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean and Mexico and always stay in AI properties. We had been to Secrets Cap Cana last year and decided that the brand was worth another trip. FYI- Cap Cana is by far more relaxing but better service and beach/pool at Maroma. You'll enjoy SMB go! IN all I think Secrets will give Sandals a run for their money. Overall, SMB has lots of great things going for it and spending our hard earned vacation time and $ at Maroma turned out to be fantastic despite just a few minor inconveniences. Before writing about them let me be sure to point out that the best thing about SMB is that we were on vacation and the staff ensured that you felt it. If you read nothing else in my review, know that they have a a wonderful property and great people who clearly make an effort to make you happy. Great job Cynthia (pm Lobby Bar), Louis (am buffet) Elayne (am crepe chef), Guadalupe (Sommelier), and Omar. Oh and the Mexican Beat box kid was amazing. Great job with the 4th of July party! You've read all the reviews about the beach and the pool and the beautiful grounds... they are spot on. These areas are well maintained and beautiful. They claim that the Beach is in the top ten Beaches in the World and #1 in Mexico. Top ten - well maybe- #1 not sure. I think Punta Cana Bavaro Beach still has this one by a country mile. Let's address the negatives which really are minor issues if you are there to relax and can let it roll. 1. Overbooked Rooms- There seems to be a hotel policy of over booking rooms and the result is that you may not receive the room choice you selected when you booked your trip. Worse yet you might be asked to transfer. This happened to my wife and . We ended up staying in a room with double beds. We were not asked to transfer and if we were all hell would have happened. I would suggest to the management that they understand the nature of, and the consequences of overbooking the resort. Most people just want what they paid for- not some upgrade or extra resort coupons. We were offered both at different times when we could not be put into a room with a king or queen bed. Let's face it - cramming two people (a married couple) into a single bed on vacation sucks- no matter how many resort credits you are offered. Single beds are for college kids not married couples. In my mind this was never made right and the $100 resort credit was not worth having a comfortable two person bed for seven nights. Secrets mgmt. failed on this one! 2. Sorry folks but this one is going to sting a bit- too many rude or inconsiderate Americans. It's not a show! Really people? must you let your drunk wife(girlfriend) girate on the pool bar...it's not spring break and we're all grown up now aren't we? I'm all for fun but if she falls off the pool seat and drops her purple drink in the pool then i think she should call it a day. If you want relaxing then the pool scene isn't for you. 3. Pool Loungers- The resort can get really crowded and the whole saving pool chairs and loungers was not a pretty sight once their pool police tried to enforce their holding policy. Its impossible to manage - they ought to give up this one and just invest in more loungers.. or oh I know don't overbook the resort. On one occasion I was confronted by someone who thought i moved his family's stuff. A few too many bebidas for either of us could have made it bad. Generally speaking the pool scene itself isn't terrible but understand that when groups get together and drink all day it's going to be a loud party. We're okay with it as long as you can find some other chill spots... of which there are many. We found that getting beach loungers and palapas were much easier than pool loungers. Look I'm no prude- I drank all day as well I just wanted to do it without Bubba hollering about Razorback football. 3. Mosquitoes- Yep its the jungle. There were some bugs so bring your spray for sure. We only had one bad night. Birds in the am buffet - you got to do something about the crows. It's gross and doesn't help me start the day by fending off the birds. 4. Service at the Beach bar was good but not great. Yes you got your drink but I think the lead bartender needed more help. Or improved service training. If I'm standing there it would be nice to know that you know I'm standing there for a drink even if you can't get to me right away. I get it ... you are busy. The new trainee Carlos was doing all he could and he seems to have a better guest presence than his jaded I wish I wasn't here or I'm too tired peers. I'll trade you my job for your beach bar job any day of the week. Also if management reads this then please teach your beach wait staff how and when to engage guests who might be sleeping on the beach. A five minute check back for some guests might be overkill when the bulk of the service boils down to "is everything okay?" Training helps I promise. Last, Secrets needs to find a way to acknowledge return guests who are not vacation club or timeshare members. We were return visitors to the brand and we intend to make our way around to all of their resorts. This isn't a matter of looking for free stuff necessarily but they could incentivize our repeat visits. More importantly I want to know that you (mg,t) knows that we're making an effort to become loyal repeat guests. This doesn't work if most of your efforts are on trying to get me to take the time share tour. On the one hand I understand that you'd like me to book direct and also to pick up a vacation club membership but really there's got to be another approach that still is profitable to the brand. All the complaints about weak drinks... I don't know what those reviews were getting but the drinks were perfect. Top shelf was available and while all of it wasn't always on display you could easily ask for and expect it.... that's part of the idea that these drinks are call brands. Food was good to great in most cases except on one night we had a special dinner int he wine cave and my wife's Filet was definitely not medium closer to Well done. The spa and hydrotherapy circuit was also great. Spend the money on a massage. In all you will enjoy SMB. Let it roll if something doesn't go your way...you are on vacation. We would go back- but first we'll check out more Secrets resorts. This one was good and in many cases great. I think the negatives boil down to mgts booking policy and the ripple effect it has overall.