Believe me this is it! lol My husband and I just got back from our honeymoon at SMB and believe me it was the BEST all-inclusive I have ever stayed at and one of the best hotels period I have ever stayed at. The beach is top notch.....romantic and with beautiful turquoise waters and sand that is as smooth as glass. One of the best beaches I've ever seen! I wanted to bring sand home!We had a preferred club (well worth the it as you get private check-in/out, a private bar and free internet access!) swim-up junior suite which was beautiful....my only complaint with it was that like many other travelers said the mosquitoes were literally out for blood. This was the case everywhere we went so I believe it's just the time of year for it. Bug spray won't help....it's just like seasoning for the mosquitoes! The spa is amazing defnitely worth a trip! This resort also has some of the hands down best food you could want, but you really almost have to wait until after 9pm to eat if you don't want to wait, something I have never experienced at an all-inclusive. Also while you don't need reservations, you DO if you want to eat at the Hibachi table at Himitsu the Japanese restaurant....wish I'd have known that as that is the table we wanted! The staff is extremely accomodating, however; a group of vacationers we met and hung out with told us that the hotel basically told them they were too loud and wanted to find them another hotel. They also were harassed by hotel security from then on....however no guests complained about them. After hearing this I felt this was extremely distasteful for the hotel...it's vacation...lighten up! I'm not sure why the hotel didn't ask them to tone it down before jumping to kicking them out especially after you pay at least 4grand for your vacation. Plus it wasn't as if it was 10pm or something....this happened at the poolside BAR (ummm hello...BAR) and it was 4:00 in the afternoon! There was also a "sales pitch" that my husband and I went through which terrible. We were told 90 mins and walked out 2.5 hours later....how many ways can you say No thank you! While we did get a $100 spa credit and a coupon for 3 nights/2 days for $149 (really the only reasons we went) they are very pushy and try to make you feel bad if you're not interested....oh and if you do go to the pitch they don't tell you that you pay your down payment for your package but still have to pay 2k everytime you use a week.....just knew this as I have been to one of these pitches before. They also set you up for the appoitnement for the pitch without asking you first...you show up at the appoinemtn thinking aomeone will talk to you about amenities or something and bam! Sales pitch! Those are the only reason I didn't give a 5 star review. All in all I would go back but I would try to avoid the pitches!