This resort offers some of the best that the Mexican Riviera has to offer. Food: Excellent restaurants and food.The italian place is the best. Note to men: You must wear a shirt with sleeves to breakfast...not a great situation when you are in the tropics. Also, the nicer restaurants require long pants but they are air conditiioned. Even room service was good food, served quickly and hot! Drinks are plentiful and strong. The house wines were very drinkable. Watch out for the coupons they give you. You can only use $10 at a time for a bottle of wine, which guarantees you will spend extra money. Rooms: Very clean, comfortable and romantic suites. One of the most comfortable beds we've ever slept on. Amenities in room are excellent with mini bar re-stocked every day, DVD/CD player, jacuzzi for two. A/C was disappointing as it is locked so that you cannot control the temp. or the fan. We complained twice and they eventually had someone bypass it so that the fan could run even when the sensor they have on the thermostat isn't reading movement. When you are asleep, the A/C doesn't kick on unless this is bypassed. Once the bypass was done, it was fine for the rest of the trip. Beach: One of the most beautiful beaches in the region. Water was a little rough with waves and cloudy with lots of seagrass first couple of days but that was mostly due to the tropical storm that went by us. Once the storm cleared, the water was calm with a nice, sandy bottom. Pool and Jacuzzis: Two very nice pools. Jacuzzis were just ok and were either much too hot or too cold but it was so hot anyway that it didn't matter. Service: I would rate everyone at this hotel as excellent for service. All are friendly and try hard to please. It is also very fast. Excursions: I recommend the American Express rep Juan Carlos for arranging tours. The ATVs through "Mextremo" were awesome and very easy to operate. Also, horseback riding through the jungle and on the beach through Bonanza ranch is the best. The cowboys are very friendly, attentive and work hard to make everyone have a great time whether you have never been on a horse or are very experienced. The horses and the ranch are very well cared for. The Jungle Tour on jet boats is also a great time.