* We concluded our 7 day vacation to Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB) on the afternoon of July 1, 2011, following a 2 day deluge from Tropical Storm Arlene. BE ADVISED: The 3-4 mile stretch of "dirt road" from the resort to the main highway is badly washed out! (I mean craters like the moon! ) Unless the transfer company you use has a helicopter service to and from the main road, be prepared for a ROUGH RIDE ! Hopefully this will be repaired before we return next year. If not, we may consider another resort!? * Couples of ALL ages can enjoy this resort...the average age of adults seemed to be about 45 during our stay. One couple was celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary! * We AGREE the beach here is the BEST we've experienced so far in Mexico. (Couples Negril in Jamaica has the best beach in our opinion). We have stayed previously at Aventura Spa Palace, Excellence Playa Mujeres and Valentine Imperial...and would return to any of these as well, although their beaches are not as favorable. * Indeed, as the previous reveiws have stated, the wait staff are very courteous and they go out of their way to accommodate your every wish! (Enjoyed the Spanish Classes at 10:30 am by the pool each day!) They really want to help you learn their language! * When you are searching the internet or talking to your travel agent about "deals" at SMB, be advised that the offers of $200-$400 in Resort Coupons are a "hook." In other words, they ARE NOT, dollar for dollar when it comes to making a resort purchase. For example, if you purchase a $250 SPA treatment, then you are only allowed to use a maximum of maybe $100 towards the actual cost. Same thing with the Romantic Dinner on the beach or golf, etc. Also, there is a "special person" whom they will schedule a time for you to meet with, who will present you with your resort credit coupons...and during that time, he/she will begin a pitch for you to consider a "time share presentation." It's OK to say NO here, unless you really are interested in listening to their lengthy presentation over breakfast or lunch, etc. (If you say, "not interested," they will offer you additonal coupons, etc. to try and convince you to reconsider). * If you do say, "OK I'll spend 2-3 hours listening to your offer," be WISE and prepared when it comes to the subtle maneuvering of those who will attempt to talk you in to considering their "Features, Advantages & Benefits! (I too am a salesman, and I can tell you, these folks are really GOOD at what they do.) They have an answer to every objection you give them if you try to "just say no" about why you are not interersted. They even have a way to make it seem as if you are offending them after they have spent time befriending you!? (Let your NO be NO...and if you have to, be ready to get up and walk away). However, if you ARE really interested in investing in their time shares, HOLD OUT until they bring in the "Jefe," (Head hombre/mujere) who can really make you a better deal! * If you dine outside, the mosquitoes will find you! * Unless you are a heavy sleeper, the noisy black birds will awaken you around 6:00am! * (Opinion) The food overall was GOOD...not excellent, but still enjoyable. Breakfast at World Cafe was impressive, with great omelets. The Barefoot Grill at the pool was our favorite lunch venue. (Really got a kick out of the chefs paddling out to us in the pool to bring us food, etc. ) We dined at Porto Fino (Italian) twice for dinner...muy delicioso! * Room service takes about 30 minutes to arrive. We ordered chicken wings each day...not bad! (Ask for 2 orders, as each serving only has 4 wings!) Don't leave left over dishes in your room, or the ANTS will find them!! * Hey guys, if you ever have to use the facilites at the main building or in their restaurants, etc. don't be surprised if a female attendant enters at any moment without warning, to "spruce up the place," etc. This is weird to us, but seems to be normal in their culture! * The AC worked great in our room, but keep in mind, whenever the balcony doors are open, the AC cuts off. * We paid extra for the Preferred Club upgrade, but really did not see any advantages other than free wi-fi and use of their lounge--which wasn't a big deal. Next time, we'll pass on this option. The maid will clean your room anytime between 10:00am-4:00pm and this will vary day to day. Also, depending on how late you are out of your room in the evenings, you may or may not get turn down service. Out of 7 nights, we received turn down service twice--no big deal. Just the way it is... * Can't say this enough...WEAR SUNSCREEN and reapply often! The sun's rays are intense South of the Border, and we saw several "honeymooners" who were miserably sunburned after their 1st day! * If you want to go shopping outside of the SMB resort, try to wait until Thursdays. The resort provides a FREE bus shuttle to downtown Cancun. Departs at 4:00pm and returns at 11:00pm ( A taxi will cost $40 USD one way!) * Be familiar with the conversion rate of US Dollars to Pesos. If you spend cash in USD, you will most likely be given Pesos in change. * FYI: We learned from an employee that Sept - Oct. is the BEST month for deals to SMB and is also their slowest season. So if you have flexibility in your travel dates, this might be helpful to know. * We enjoyed this resort, and plan to return! We trust this info mixed with FACTS and some opinion will be helpful to others who are considering a vacation to SMB. * IF someone from Secrets Maroma Beach is reading this review--PLEASE REPAIR THE ROAD TO YOUR RESORT...SOON !!