There is no doubt that this place is absolutely gorgeous. Maroma beaches are known to have some of the most beautiful in that area- the sand is like powder and the water is blue and clear. The resort itself is amazing- the staff is so nice and so accommodating. The rooms are beautiful and have nice features to them that you won't find anywhere else. We got married there, so we sprung for the oceanfront Preferred Club- worth every penny. Beautiful views and the Preferred Club is worth the splurge. You have a little secret club you get to go into that allows you your own check-in/check-out, snacks throughout the day, a bar with what seemed to be way more top shelf liquor you can find anywhere else, internet access and just a good lounge feel. Great place to hang out. The spa also is incredible. We got a couples massage and it was so relaxing. Nicer than any spa I have been to at home. The food around the resort is amazing too. Hibachi at Himitsu was our favorite. El Patio (Mexican) was actually I think our least favorite (strangely enough). They also have a Bordeaux (French) which was awesome and an Italian place too which we wanted to try but didn't get a chance. They always have something open to eat and food/drinks are never an issue to find. They also have tons of activities to do, we saw a couple movies, watched a hockey game, went to the club, went off premises to the Tulum ruins and swam with turtles. There is definitely a lot to do if your the adventurous type. They also have resort activities like sailing and other stuff which we didn't get a chance to do, but we would do if we had the chance to go again. The only thing that was annoying was this place seems like it hosts a lot of corporate events. Our wedding did not seem like a top priority in comparison to the amount of other larger events and it was the only thing that we wish we could have known about to prepare for. If your getting married there just make sure you book your reception venue early or you will have no choices left. We also got lumped under one of the corporate events by accident so it also created all sorts of communication errors to us. Crazy. All in all though- we would go again, it was a great place and very beautiful and relaxing. We plan on going back for our honeymoon next year.