This was hands down one of the nicest resorts I've ever stayed at. I went for my honeymoon for 10 days and had a wonderful time. As soon as you walk in the service was superb. You are handed a cold towel and a glass of champagne right when you walk in. The only thing bad I would say about the check-in service was that we felt pressured to sign up for a timeshare session. It was a bit annoying to have to listen to their spiel after a long day of travel and all we wanted to do was get to our room and relax! But, when we finally got to our room, it was gorgeous. It was bright and airy with a great balcony and the bathroom was amazing, with a huge shower and bath/jacuzzi. This wasn't a problem since I was on my honeymoon and I'm not sure if all the rooms are the same, but the bathroom opens up directly into the main room, so there isn't much privacy. The only downside to the room was that it was a little too warm for our liking. It never got cooler than 74 degrees, which actually wasn't bad during the day; it felt cool after a full day on the beach/pool, but at night we were uncomfortable and found it hard to get to sleep. My husband also did not like the pillows; he thought they were lumpy and uncomfortable, but I didn't have a problem with them. One of the best aspects of the hotel is the personal concierge assigned to each building. Ours was Sandra and she was extremely friendly and accommodating. She was right on the bottom floor of the building, so you don't have to trek all the way to the lobby to find someone to talk to. The only main complaint we had regarding the room was that housekeeping came so late in the day. Our room usually wasnt cleaned until 4 or 4:30 in the afternoon. A lot of the days we wanted to back in the room by this time so we could lounge around before dinner, only to find that the room wasnt clean, yet. Other than that, housekeeping did a great job and the turn-down service every night was awesome. On our first night, they put out a bottle of champagne and rose petals on the bed. It was a very nice touch. On to the beach and pool. Both were just beautiful. The resort was on a private beach, so it was quiet and relaxing. Just make sure to get there early in order to get a spot under the shade of a palapa. Though, the couple times that we couldnt find a good spot, the staff let us know when one opened up, which we really appreciated. The service at both the pool and beach were great. I have seen reviews saying that if you tip (even though gratuities are included) you get better service. We did not tip and found we still got great service. The staff was pleasant and we got all our drinks in a timely manner. Overall, the food at the resort was pretty good. We ate at the Italian, Mexican, and seafood restaurants and went to various buffets. Ironically, the only restaurant we didnt like was the Mexican one. The breakfast buffet at the World Caf was delicious. There was every kind of breakfast food you could imagine. And room service had some of the best meals we had at the resort. We ordered room service for dinner twice and once for breakfast and all three times were delicious. And by far our favorite bar was the lobby bar. It was quiet and sophisticated and made the strongest drinks. One of the highlights of our stay was the private dinner on the beach we had on our last night. There is extra cost included, but it was definitely worth it. The menu is a prix fix surf and turf and was delicious. It was a very romantic way to end our trip. Another highlight was the spa. It was pricey, but again, so worth it. We got a couples massage and got to use the sauna, steam room, and the hydrotherapy pools. Amazing! Overall, if you are looking for a hotel to spend your spring break and party, then this probably isnt the place for you. They had nightly entertainment (the Rock of Ages show was the best), but it was in no way a party atmosphere. But, if are looking for a romantic getaway where you can choose to do as much or as little as you want, then this resort is a perfect option.