Our background: This was our sixteenth trip to the Playa area and our fifteenth at an all-inclusive resort. We consider ourselves easy going and foodies and go on vacation to relax. Check-in: We arrived about 12:30 p.m. and our room wasnt ready. After meeting with the first person, we were told we had to meet with a second person to get our coupons (part of our package). We sat down with second guy at a bar table, ordered a drink and kept telling him we werent interested in a time share, and got our coupons in just a few minutes (we only used two $10 on wine). We left our bags and went to get something to eat, and in less than 20 minutes, while we were still eating, the buzzer went off telling us our room was ready. Room: We spent very little time in our room (ocean view, 4th floor, building 15, end room so only one neighbor). The room was on the warm side even though we set the thermostat as low as it would go (65F I think). Bed and pillows were fine. Shower temperature fine. We loved the incense, robes and shoes. Our bathroom scale was out of order (no loss) and the outlet by the sink didnt work (we used the hair dryer at the outlet near the coffee pot). If the bathroom outlet had worked, I might have left the makeup mirror on as a nightlight (bring your own). We reported the outlet two times to the front desk and left a note for the maid, but we didnt want to stick around our room for a repairman on our vacation. Once our safe gave us an error message, we called the front desk and it took less than five minutes for a guy to arrive. He said the paperwork (passports, e-ticket) was too close to the door and got it fixed quickly. Turn down service was hit or miss but we really didnt care if we got it or not. When it rained, our balcony got very wet as the rain could blow in from the side as well as the front. Our maid repeatedly took the ash tray we requested - we just used a glass. Beach: Gorgeous white sand and kept very clean. We usually made it down to the beach about 9 a.m. after eating breakfast and found a great palapa. Ana, our beach waitress, was great. I loved they brought food to you while you were sitting on the beach. Restaurants: Our favorite was the French (Bordeaux) - the service was slow but we were on vacation so we werent in a hurry. At the Asian (Himitsu), good food but again slow and the restaurant itself was hot (maybe because of that big grill and low A/C). We had heard the portions were small, but they were just right for us. Overall I think the resort enforced the dress code - we saw guys in muscle shirts given white sleeved shirts at breakfast at the World Caf; however, we did see guys in short pants & sandals in Himitsu. The second floor restaurants told the guys in shorts they could only eat outside on the balcony. The crepes for breakfast at the World Caf looked good but I was unwilling to wait the line to try them. At breakfast, I enjoyed smoked salmon and cream cheese on toast and my husband got daily mimosas. Be sure and enjoy dessert and cappuccinos at Coco caf. Room Service: Normally we never use room service but one night, when the resort was at capacity, we tried to get into 3 of the restaurants and they all had about an hour waiting list. As a last resort, we went to the Mexican restaurant and were told it only had a 35 minute waitlist; we were seated in less time, but then sat there another twenty minutes with only water served; so we walked out and ordered room service. We ordered a bottle of wine as we were told they only serve the house wine by the glass (they didnt tell you could get as many glasses as you want as another review I read when I returned reported). Impressively, in about 20 minutes, we got our order of wine, Caesar salad, two rib eye steaks, French fries, brownie and icecream. They thought to include bread and butter and condiments (which I didnt think to order). Our waiter even thought to ask if we wanted the icecream in the fridge & put it there. Booze: Hubby loved the Negra Modelo (dark beer) and alternated between beer and margaritas on the beach. We both drank wine with our meals. I stuck to Caipirinhas (using one Splenda packet) during the day and switched to Kahlua/cream/chocolate (chocolate to hide the taste of the milk as it tastes different from home). Im glad someone mentioned on this site that you have to bring your $10 wine coupon to the restaurant or tell them when you order room service, as at another resort they just credited them against your bill when you checked out. We were told they had 7 kinds of house wine and we were able to drink every wine we ordered. We usually ordered brand liquors and assume we got them; but if we didnt, we couldnt taste the difference. Pros: Gorgeous beach, nice room with actual ocean view, variety of al la carte restaurants in the evening, 24 hour room service, floats (you dont have to pack your own), good service, lots of activities, the pool stays open late (some resorts shut the pool down early to chlorinate), drinkable wine and the pool bar stayed open until about 8 p.m., the sports bar (with tables in the water) stood open even later (midnight?) two packets of insect repellant and 15 SPF sunscreen. Great staff including entertainment team, hostesses, bar staff, waiters, maid and every person we met and interacted with. Cons: None of these were deal breakers. Not too much variety at lunch - because we were there 11 days (it might not be an issue if you were only there a few days), I wished there were more menu items. Basically the Barefoot Grille, beach grill and Oceana restaurant had the same daily hamburgers, sandwiches, hot wings and fajita menu. Air conditioning temperature in rooms and lobby could be improved and ceiling fan located over the bed would make it more comfortable. Need more floats  I usually could only get one around 5 p.m. (and they started picking them up about 6 p.m.) Shutting down the pool area (and the in the water bar) at night for special events was sort of a con but it kept them the group out of the restaurants, so that was an OK trade off. Overall: I knew going in (from looking at Secrets website) that our hotel was 100% booked the last five days. There were a lot of weddings and (I was told by a guy in the pool from Atlanta who was attending) a software meeting while we were there, so I was prepared for delays to get into the evening restaurants. This was one of our best trips - the pros outweighed the minor cons and we will go back.