Arrived on the 8th of May, and departed on the 14th. We had a wonderful trip celebrating our 27th anniversary. Check-in was brief, cool towel, champagne, room not ready, given pager, off we go. Immediately met by staff to convince us to sign up for tour, etc., I thought the hard sales where left at the airport?? After repeatly saying no, we were requested to sign form and let to explore the resort. Whew! Having experience with these types of vacations, we packed our bathing suits, hit the beach bar, and the beach for the day. Not an issue for us! Our room was not ready until shortly after three. Greeted by anniversary banner, and bottle of champagne in room, very nice touch. Room was wonderful, nice view, etc. Bed was awesome, firm mattress, great night sleep! Maid service amazing, room was cleaned early everyday, and was excellent, mini bar stocked with request, no complaints. I did mess up our safe one night, too many tequila's or scoobie doos, I guess and maintenance was called to unlock, yes, I was embarrassed! Food was good, breakfast was good, we loved the lunches at the ocean restaraunt - sushi, and fresh seafood daily was a plus! Dinners were good. The best part of our trip were the wonderful people we met from Ohio to Colorado, to Texas to the UK. We so enjoyed our time with yunz (yes, we're from Pittsburgh!). If any of you are reading this, hi from Dave and Donna, and keep in touch! Our trip was truly relaxing and the beach is beautiful at this resort. We were at the beach everyday as you don't get that in Pittsburgh - no issues with chairs, etc.! Drink service on the beach was outstanding. We ventured to the swim up pool late afternoons, and enjoyed talking and meeting people, oh and a few cold drinks too! Nice thing is you can keep yourself very active, or very relaxed, your call! Last but not least, I did not wear all seventeen pair of shoes I took. Almost though, and even worse, I left my favorite black ones there in our room - only came home with sixteen pair! Someone is wearing pair #17 in Mexico! Excellent Trip!