We visited Secrets Maroma Beach over 5 days in late May for our honeymoon. This was our first time to this adults-only all-inclusive although I'd visited other all-inclusives in Mexico, DR, etc. We stayed in the Preferred Club. The advantage of this was unclear. We were supposed to get free wireless, but the codes for the wireless were incorrect, expired after one day, and were cumbersome. (We ended up using the computers in the Preferred Club lounge, which had good speed.) Carlos, our Preferred Club concierge, helped us on several occasions. However, the value of the Preferred Club didn't match the price from our perspective. Positives about our room: Bed was sooo comfortable, room was cleaned daily, turndown service was consistent and appreciated. Bottle of champagne was waiting for us when we arrived. Nice, private patio. We had an oceanview room which overlooked the pool and had a tiny view of the ocean, but very lovely. It was actually nice to see what was going on in the resort. We were on the 3rd floor of Building 26, by the way. We avoided the "vacation beach club" spiel, although two separate staff members tried valiantly to direct us to that representative during our check-in. Enough bad reviews of the vacation beach club on Trip Advisor helped us to be very firm that we weren't interested. Weather was perfect. Beach was amazing. Soft sand, clear water. Tons of angel fish... no need for snorkeling gear, the fish come right up to you and swim with you. Wasn't too difficult to get beach chairs (even though the resort was at full capacity) although I'd recommend coming before 11 to stake out your claim. On 3 of the days, no beach staff approached us to take our drink orders. On the remaining 2 days, the staff was extremely attentive. Pool area is fantastic, but who could pass up Maroma beach? Loved the poolside lunch food at the Barefoot Grill. Dinner tended to be good.... lots of outdoor grills and special dinners while we were there. We weren't as happy with the dinner at the restaurants... the food at the Italian restaurant was really poor and Himitsu was overrated. We did like Oceania, which had nice portions of steak. We went there for lunch one day and I had a fantastic grilled chicken and my husband had a nice steak... portions are very small, though. Generally, definitely order more food than you think is appropriate... portions are definitely on small, even for an all-inclusive. Drinks are a problem. My husband and I are occasion drinkers and I have a famously low tolerance to alcohol, but I could drink 3 glasses of Secrets Maroma wine without feeling a buzz. I am not exaggerating. The white house wine was also limited to sauvignon blanc and chardonnay. Cocktails were also very weak and syrupy sweet. Even when we requested top-shelf liquor, the juices and syrups made the drinks really bad. We generally stuck to water. We could've splurged on bottles of wine but were so disappointed with the house wine that we didn't trust buying a bottle of anything Secrets Maroma had. The best thing by far about Secrets Maroma is the service. AMAZING service. Juan greeted us and was such a pleasure...he took us to our room, showed us how to use everything, was so warm and welcoming. Again, Carlos was helpful at the Preferred Club. We bonded with several of our wait staff who were really lovely people. We developed a love for coconut ice cream and when it wasn't served at a particular restaurant where we were, one of the staff would run to another restaurant to get it. There were no "no's"... only people going out of their way to accomodate us. I think the staff by far is the standout feature of Secrets... the food is decent, the drinks are disastrous, the beach is lovely, grounds are beautifully maintained, but the service is above and beyond anything I've experienced at an all-inclusive. We felt incredibly well-taken care of. Had a good time dancing at the nightclub, although attendance was sparse. Enjoyed checkers and table tennis. Didn't take advantage of any of the lessons or the spa... we were too busy honeymooning :) I think we'll try something different next time, but this is a lovely option to return to at some point in the future.