I actually went with my husband and Mom and we all LOVED this resort! The beach is beautiful and that's where we spent most of our time! The palapas were taken very early but we were there for the sun and didn't care. The only reason I didn't give this resort a 5 star rating is because of the food BUT fancy food isn't our thing. I don't like reading the menu and not having a clue as to what it's saying. Now, I know some people are into beef tongue fajitas so that's fine but have some normal food as well! Haha! And the World Cafe buffet isn't open every night. The Seaside Grill was good. We ate there our last night and realized we should've ate there more often! They had ribs and steak and grilled chicken and mashed potatos, etc! It was also very good for lunch. Portofino, the italian restaurant, wasn't great. My husband got lasagna, which was okay but my Mom and I picked the option to choose your own pasta combination. We chose our noodles, alfredo sauce, and grilled chicken and when we got it, it had ham and mushrooms in it as well! We ate at the japanese restaurant too and it was a lot better. The breakfast buffet was good. I tried the omelet station that everyone raved about on tripadvisor and it was just okay and the wait was long. They apparently don't have shredded cheddar cheese, which would've made it better. The drinks were AWESOME! I don't care about top shelf and I thought they had enough alcohol in them...I definitely got a buzz! The service was very good. They work really hard and are very friendly. The pool is way more crowded and rowdier than the beach but we are beach people and never stepped foot in the pool so it didn't bother us. The igaunas and other wild animals are super fun. There was a cute dog that walked up the beach everyday in the afternoon and just laid down like he was waiting for someone. I tried to pet him but he seemed a little skittish and people even offered him food but he didn't take it. Feeding the angel fish in the ocean was super fun too! I used ice cream cones from the beach bar and they loved them! I don't think they are very picky! The weather was great, we got super tan! It was a little cloudy at some points but that was okay. It sprinkled for a few minutes late one afternoon but that was all. I would go back in May. The only other complaint is the ceiling fan in the room really needs to be over the bed! The air never got as cold as my husband set it to be and the ceiling fan really helped cool us off but we had to sit in the sitting area to feel it. The room would've been perfect if there was a fan above the bed OR if the air would get colder. Other than that, the place was gorgeous! The beach was my favorite part! And we will definitely go back!