When I go on vacation, I make up my mind to take everything in stride and I block out all stresses so that I don't waste what little vacation time I have. This was helpful in my trip to Secrets Maroma. It's easy to have a great time there, but sometimes you have to make up your mind to just RELAX and go with the flow. I would describe our trip as amazing and 85% perfect. As everyone else has said, you have to JUST SAY NO to all pitches for the Secrets "Vacation Club". Don't take the bribe. We were firm, we said no thank you, we made it totally clear that we weren't wasting our time there allowing them to sell us anything, and we escaped the pitch. Best part about the Preferred Club was the free wi-fi. Otherwise, not a huge deal. The good: - World Cafe has the most delicious breakfast/brunch you can get at Secrets Maroma. It is not to be missed. I am still thinking about my mango banana peach crepe, prepared fresh before my eyes. My husband had some memorable omelets. It was just lovely. - My favorite restaurant was Himitsu (Japanese/Asian), where we ordered a la carte sushi appetizers and had lovely entrees. The desserts there were our favorites at the resort. So creative! -The sand is white and soft, the water warm & gorgeous. Don't miss walking on the beach at night, it was so incredible after a lovely dinner to have a moonlight walk with your toes in the water. It's true that it's hard to get seats near the pool, but we never cared because the beach was so amazing and there were always seats there. -We had an Ocean Front Preferred Club Jr. Suite on the 4th floor. View was great, but best of all we loved the hot tub on our balcony. One night a wedding was blasting music under our balcony, but we liked the music so we just grabbed drinks and got into our hot tub and enjoyed it. Music ended promptly at midnight. -Our room was lovely. Very cool and comfortable. Mini bar was refilled daily (and included in the price) and we really enjoyed being in the room. We slept soundly in the comfy beds with white linens, no scary bedspreads to deal with. -All staff were lovely to deal with. In particular, Hector who was running the entrance to the resort is helpful and smiling at all times (just a super nice guy). -I cannot say enough good things about the spa. It is very, very pretty there. My husband and I had a couples massage late in the day, and after our massages (which were AWESOME) we didn't have a lot of time left to use the hydrotherapy areas before the spa closed. We were invited to return the next day to use the facilities, which was very kind. The bad: -There was definitely a group of adults on the beach who thought they were on spring break. They were horribly drunk, and had their own waitress who supplied them with limitless shots. Even when one of their group became sloppy drunk and called the waitress a 'b**ch' to her face for not bring her the correct shot order, they stayed on the beach just drinking and yelling and blasting their music. You cannot blame a resort for unruly guests, but they did NOT enforce their written rule that guests cannot play their music out loud in common areas. So we all had to listen to country music blasting the same songs repeatedly in a loop, even when the drunks were in the water and left their music behind. Everyone on the beach was obviously irritated, and this group came both days of our stay and monopolized the beach. In fairness to Secrets, I didn't complain. I just felt like I shouldn't have to have a confrontation with a bunch of rude, selfish people and I feared the resort would tell the group I had asked them to turn off their music and stop screaming while they did their shots. -Upon arrival Apple Vacations wanted us to attend an "orientation" in which we were supposed to "arrange for our transport back to the airport." They tried to make us believe we would not get our ride back if we missed orientation. We simply didn't show up, and they day before our return we went to their room near the main lobby to let them know when they were supposed to drive us to the airport. The rep from Apple looked annoyed not to be able to sell us an excursion. He kind of shrugged and told us when we would be picked up the next day. The transportation on our departure day was 25 minutes late (no big deal for us, as our flight was delayed), and for others in the van (from other resorts) they were VERY late. One woman in our van was very worried about missing her flight because Apple was an hour late in picking her up. All in all, our vacation was phenomenal and I would love to be back there RIGHT NOW!!