Quite simply the most elegant and plush grounds I've seen. I visited this resort with a group of colleagues for an "incentive" vacation. The resort is fantastic and the service is wonderful. Truly, anything you wanted, these folks would get for you. We even saw a man chopping down a tree with a machete, as a chainsaw would disturb guests. Ha! The rooms were beautiful, but even in the "club" suites, they were quite far from the ocean. Sure we had an "ocean view" but you really couldn't see it. I was disappointed there. The infamous bathroom was a tad annoying - if you're not sure what I'm talking about, picture a wide open bathroom, with only a frosted glass door separating your business and the rest of the room. Yeah. It was a little intimidating if you aren't completely comfortable with whomever you are rooming with. The bed, linens, and all other aspects of the room were very good. Now for the "eh" part : The food. The breakfast buffet each morning was wonderful, but most of the food was good at best, not excellent. Room service, Hibachi, poolside snacks were all tasty, don't get me wrong, but they lacked that "OH MY GOSH" factor that 5 star dining affords. Forget a steak... not great. We even had an upscale formal dinner that was just so-so. You won't hate it, but you won't love it. The spa was really nice and I enjoyed using all the hydrotherapy pools. A little confusing though as most of the doors are not marked. I got lost. Also with the club rooms you get free internet. FYI. We weren't able to kayak or anything due to wind, so that was disappointing. Still, the weather was perfect and as always the beached were lovely (with the exception of a short walk down the beach to the left.... as you pass all the resorts the beach gets nasty. Garbage on shore, etc). Secrets keeps their beach perfect. It's a great place, and with an all inclusive you certainly feel like you get your money's worth, but I couldn't help but long for the Ritz just a few miles down the road. I in fact daydreamed about the food there... maybe next year.