Recently returned home from a trip to Secrets Maroma. I will start by saying we have stayed at numerous resorts in and around Cancun - Ritz Carlton, La Meridian, Fiesta Americana Grand, Palace resorts, Iberostar Grand Paraiso and a few others. This was a great resort but not 5 five star compared to others we have stayed at. Room was average. We had a swim out suite, which was nice but didn't really use the pool as it's not very private and connects with the row of other rooms. Swim outs are on the main floor so be prepared for LOTS of noise, especially early morning and late night. Room service carts were continually being rolled by and are quite loud with the crack under the door. Like other reviewers stated...We also has Mosquitoes in our room and nothing is worse than laying down to sleep to Mosquitoes buzzing in your ear. Also, the shower rarely had HOT water, mostly lukewarm. Bed was comfy! The beach is where they get fabulous reviews, you can walk forever. Water is beautiful and service on the beach was constant. You can also reserve one of the beds (at no charge) next to the Tortuga bar a day in advance and they are very nice and comfy with great service all day! It's just a shame that you can't set/eat and enjoy the view from the majority of the restaurants because they are too far back from the beach area. Breakfast was our favorite meal, plenty to choose from. The Crepe station was fabulous. Lunch was ok, but you can always find something. They also come around the pool with lots of samples at lunch time. The hibachi restaurant was our favorite. The Mexican one was terrible, surprisingly, since you are in Mexico. Room service was very slow at night, I'm talking about an hour wait...who's hungry when you wait that long. The service everywhere is fabulous. They are constantly waiting on you. We always do tip, but noticed they didn't expect it and treated everyone the same whether you tipped or not. Overall, it's a great resort but my major complaints were the Mosquitoes and also the fact that the property is a lot of concrete. We love to eat breakfast/lunch/dinner while looking at the ocean and here, the restaurants are too far away from the beach. I guess I just kept comparing it to the Iberostar Grand, which we stayed at last year. We knew it would be hard to beat but since this resort had rave reviews on tripadvisor, we thought we'd give it a try. It was pretty good overall but think we would try elsewhere before returning.