I'm suspect of all 5 star and 1 star reviews, here is my 4-stars, actually a human being review who stayed at the resort review. Easy shuttle from the airport, nice buildings, good reception (standard champagne and cold towel), we declined a $150 a night upgrade for a room closer to the ocean. We were called at 9am the following morning by a time share rep (we thought it was a hotel worker at first), they give you the $200 in resort coupons you won't use, and the are the ones who will try to talk yo into going on a tour for upgrades NO! Thanks for delaying our morning enough to lose out on good beach locations. These people are dressed so you think they are hotel staff, they are not. Skip it! The only other major negative is we got a little burnt and needed more sunscreen. One bottle of sunscreen and one cooling gel was FORTY DOLLARS at the on site store. You don't really have any other options as far as I can tell, so we paid it and I went and started ordering Johnny Walker Black Labels and premium tequila shots until I felt like we were even. Drinks: Unless you speak up you will get a very small amount of well liquor in each mixed drink. Naming your alcohol drastically improves your drink (Bicardi and Coke instead of Rum and Coke, Absolut, Cuervo, etc etc). If you are from the US it's fun to order Cuban Rum since we can't get it stateside, Havana Club (pretty good Cuban rum) and Cokes or whatever you normally mix your Rum with. Also, I got tired or Coronas pretty quick but Pacifico and Modelo Especial are both available and very good. I had a house merlot that was good enough one night and the next it seemed awful, we did not purchase any of the premium bottles of wine. Food: A HUGE variety of type and quality of food. I was served a very nice Oso Bucco and my wife had a stupendous Grouper filet (We would recommend the Italian Restaurant) and the next day worst club sandwich I've ever had. Just weird, no consistency. I tried to follow: eat tropical or seafood items you can't get back home (mango, shrimp, scallops were all great). I also had a great cheese burger at the barefoot grill. I would not eat at the Mexican (tried it and it was only okay) or French Restaurants (didn't try it but heard not so great stuff). If there is a Mexican Fiesta they'll be a huge buffet of all kinds of good stuff. Our room made us feel like VIPs even though we were near the back of the resort, lots of space, no troubles with hot water or water pressure. Our air conditioning was fine, mini-bar was novel and nice to have something available. I used the gym twice and it was nice. The beach was amazing, the earlier you show up, the better seats you'll get. A highlight of the whole trip were the Angel fish who swam right up to you (and appreciated if you brought them a tortilla chip). Next favorite place on the whole resort, the swing bar (Tortuga bar) on the beach. This is the only place where I may have over done it a little but they staff were very friendly. We went from there to the pool bar where some dude-bro next to me puked in the pool the second we got our drinks so we jetted out of there, could be fun if there isn't vomit flying out of guy next to you, however that was the only "drunk" person I saw at the whole resort. Everyone there seemed relaxed and in control, sometimes it was even completely quiet surrounded by 50 people. They try to give you some entertainment every evening. Our favorite was the Rock Show, which had some comical moments, okay music, but then out of nowhere this Circ de Solei number where a dancer pulled himself up by two hanging scarf/curtain things and did amazing acrobatics. Not a lot of night life after the last show but the resort isn't really geared to that. Staff were very nice, they did appreciate tips, we probably tipped close to a total of $20 for the whole trip in $1 or $2 increments. We did not tip for every drink, but at the beach I tipped when they brought stuff over and otherwise at our discretion. Overall we were very glad to have gone and stayed at this resort. I would pack more 3.4oz or whatever tubes of sunscreen next time.