My wife and I spent 4 days at Secrets Maroma for our anniversary. We had booked a swim-up room Non-Preferred. When we arrived at the hotel reception told us they were oversold and wanted to move us to Zoetry for a night then come back to Secrets for the rest of our stay. In return we would get 3 free days to use in the next year or $200 resort credit. We decided to stay and actually got upgraded for free to a Preferred Club Swim-up. Room The room was nice. Shower worked well. No issues with anything in the room. The best part of the room was the swim-up. We used the private pool a couple of times a day. Usually when we got back from the beach or pool. It was quiet and relaxing. Well worth the extra money although I am not sure what the standard rooms were like. The fridge was stocked with mini-coronas.. being a beer drinker I would call room service and ask for a bucket of Medelo or Corona and 20minutes later they would drop it off in the room service box. BTW the room service box was very nice. I would leave a couple bucks in the box and they would leave the food or drinks in the box. Pool was nice. We usually set up for the day in the coves by the Oceana restaurant. Here is how the "saving chairs" rule works. We found this out when Secrets staff moved someones stuff and another guest took these seats. Well when the French couple returned they thought this guest moved their stuff and were quite upset... you know the french! (just kidding). Anyway if you leave your chairs for more than 30 minutes before 10:30 your stuff might not be there when you get back. It will be placed on a chair somewhere in the vicinity and someone will be in your seats. I guess some people will place their things on a chair at 8 AM then leave for the day on an excursion. Food was good. It is what I expected, not great but up to 5* all-inclusive standards. Our favorite was the Himatsu Grill, Oceana for lunch, Italian was good also. Drinks tasted watered down but the beers were good (Modelo, Corona, Corona Light, and Bud Light. Beach was one of the best beaches I have been too (Dom. Republic, Aruba, other Azul Sensatori, Hawaii. Great for walks and swimming. Snorkling. We took the 1 hour tour from our hotel and it was perfect for us. We went to the reef only a 10 min boat ride so you are not gone all day like a lot of the tours. Pretty nice reef and plenty of fish. Overall I would recommend this to couples looking to relax but there was plenty of activities if you want a more active vacation.