On reading lots of fantastic reviews on trip advisor, we decided that this was the ideal hotel for us to stay at for the relaxing, romantic couples holiday that we wanted to celebrate our wedding anniversary. This was exactly what it was until the corporate groups arrived and totally changed the atmosphere. The service remained excellent though, except for the turndown service which was very irregular. Special mention to Ci Ci, Tomas and Ricardo on entertainments and Guillermina in the World Cafe for excellent eggs + spanish conversations! Check-in was the only time we experienced lack of good service;- We arrived with 2 other couples who were seen to immediately, but we were just sat at an empty desk where we were left ignored for over 10 minutes with no drink or cold towel offered until the receptionist finally saw to us in a most unwelcoming manner. She finished off giving us arm directions to our room - the other 2 couples were escorted to their rooms! To top it off, after eventually finding our room with the 'Happy Anniversary' banner on the door, we opened it to see 2 beds! Definately not what we had booked! All in all not a good start . Our concierge, Elizabeth was excellent throughout our stay and rectified this first problem straight away for us. We were up-graded to a swim-out room which we really enjoyed. It was in a lovely sunny position for the morning sun. Just not good in the evenings for the mozzies... We found the food and drinks very good - we tried all the restaurants. We both experienced bad stomachs during our stay though which did spoil our appetites unfortunately - not sure what the cause was. One last thing - try not to injure yourself as the medical fees are high - for stubbing a toe on the concrete umbrella stand and slicing the skin cost US$261!! Ouch - that hurt as much as stubbing the toe -well it would have if no insurance! All in all a lovely Hotel and beach with superb service, just spoilt by some very loud individuals within the groups which spoilt the atmosphere, particularly in the swim up bar and the restaurants and main bar areas.