We have never submitted a review previously, although extensively travelled. I think I have just come across what happens alot ,and it's a case of riding the wave before it crashes.Trip Adisor reports give a great insite into a resort when taken with a pinch of salt, we all have differing expectations, I am reasonably easy to please, but like a the nice things. I think that's what is now happening at Secrets it has become a victim of it's success and they want full occapancy whatever the discomfort to its guests. We travelled from the UK with Thomson and had premium seats which were fantastic, excellent service out and back well worth the extra for the 11 hour outbound flight alone.We were late arriving due to a delay and had to wait for our room, no towel or sparkling wine as seen and experienced by others ,we got just wait and get a drink.The Bar area was very noisy not what we wanted having being travelling and hanging around for 19 hours all in all.(not hotels fault) .I think the hotel is used to its visitors's just arriving for a weekend break from a short-ish distance. We waited and got our room which was upgraded to a swim up junior suite. Very nice! And much appreciated. It had a swim up area although the shower was only ever, at best luke warm. Went to have a look around and decided in the end to get room service as were not sure how everything worked in eating out etc. Breakfasts were good, busy usually,but hotel was at high occupancy at time,we arrived around 0800-0830 most days service was at all times good with staff polite, helpfull and courtious in every area (2 exceptions) later!! We wanted a relaxing break in the sun and had looked at Couples Resorts, Sandals etc wanting that sort of experience, no children,groups etc. we were looking for sun,nice food and a relaxing ambience. Food was very good. Service was always excellent. Portofino was our favourite, Himtisu was in our opinion the worst, service and food although not bad was rushed, and was very quiet at the time our of visit. Our concereige Isabel was very helpful although we did not want for much as were just happy with sun and having a well earned break. My problem I have is that the hotel "markets" itself as a romantic, couple's orientated resort. The photo's on the website etc give a very good view of a beach surrounded by nothing but beach and countyside.Wait till you see it, it's good poetic licence,another hotel right next door. We arrived on a Saturday night and it was very busy, a nightclub feel to the beach area, USHER pumping out, dont mind a bit of Usher usually but was closed off for private party's, we had just got there and hoped it was a one off. Although generally everything was busy, Thursday came and we had three corporate groups arrive. I thought there must be some mistake, the hotel is trying to attract honeymooner's, people wanting a relaxing, romantic break. We got a load of loud, drunk, obnoxious people throwing football's around overtaking every corner of the resort, unable to move without some sort of drink in their hand. We saw people urinating in public area's, spitting, and being extremely loud and overtaking restaurant areas. I advised our concereige of this and was informed a number of people had complained about this. I don't think it will end here. It's all about occupancy. I have previoulsy had the unforntuate experience of working in the travel business and know what its like. Why does a hotel who sells itself to be a couples/wedding etc resort take bookings from a group's who must have thought we have got our very own spring break "cancun" style here . I saw the faces of alot of people who iam sure were not too pleased. Having spent a considerable amount of money I feel I may have well just gone to Florida /Jamiaca Etc and joined in at times. I hope this does not sound to negative because Secrets Maroma is v v nice , it needs to decide, are we for couples, or are we for groups and all that that brings. Secrets Maroma what are you ???? The service was excellent, P.s waiter in Portofino, in your dreams!!!, my other half is not available! DO NOT go to the presention regarding being a VIP or anything else, I spent the last 2 hours of my holiday-vacation trying to expain why I did not want to participate in the programme, We had a salesman and team mate shadow us for breakfast then show us the best room "Presidential Suite",and much more stating it was all available for $38,0000 if we signed up, then the closer come in followed by a manager, I did say at the start I was not interstesed. Hard Sell indeed. I was the advised that Secrets Maroma would soon be only available to those who are in the Preffered Programme. It gave a lasting memory that would not make me return unfortunately. To all the staff YOU are fantastic, I have never experienced service like that it other locations. The leaving memory was the door staff- bell boy saying in a very short tempered-surley way, your cab's been waiting 20 minitues,thats when we arrived for it at the time specified, no goodbye, just your late!!!Thanks. To the rest thank you so much.