This was the 2nd time my husband and I stayed at this resort (went the same time last year) and again we had a wonderful time. The beach is beautiful as is the resort, the food & drinks are above average for an all inclusive and the service is wonderful. We did encounter a few issues this time which were not entirely the fault of the resort, however, we feel they need to make some changes. The most annoying thing was the number of people staying at the resort on business. We all know that business trips are like adult spring break and although the resort cannot control how people act, they can have designated areas for business vs leisure/romantic. We unfortunately returned from lunch one day to have our beach spot infiltrated by a bunch of loud & rude business travelers with a loud radio. As time went on they got more intoxicated and one woman in particular was literally screaming. Everyone was livid in our area. Another day there was another group who were being loud & playing football where everyone was relaxing and a man got up and got security. They did come down and did something about it so if you encounter this do not hesitate to tell security! This isuue can also include the dining areas as on our last night we wanted a quiet dinner but the table next to us was singing and doing shots - surprise - they were business travelers. If the resort is going to cater to both business and leisure then they need to do something to circumvent this as both groups of people have different agendas. Also, the resort may want to entertain the idea of a system for reserving beach or pool spots as it can be difficult to tell what spot is actually taken. Dirty towels are often left and not picked up & it is difficult to tell who is really gone and who is coming back. My husband and I go to the beach very early so It wasnt a problem for us but we did observe some people walking around looking for a spot. Some of the spots had clean towels on them and no one ever showed up. Ok, here is the good stuff... get your morning omlette from Guillermina. She is an omlette Goddess! Lidia & Benito are the best servers on the beach and Lorena is a sweetheart in the lobby bar. The breakfast buffet has everything you could want and the lunch buffet was very good also. The pool restaurant could be a little slow at lunch time but the food was good. Our favorite restaurant is Bordeaux with Portofino & Oceana a close 2nd and 3rd. We did not go to Himitsu - not our thing. El patio is ok or maybe I just like Americanized Mexican food. We did not eat at the steak place this year as we chose to go back to the other restaurants instead. It can be difficult to get an answer to questions about the menus as some waiters speak better English than others. As far as dietary restrictions, you are pretty much on your own. The rooms are beautiful and very clean. The only other minor detail was the nightly turndown service that is offered. We only got this one night as every night we would get ready for dinner between 5 & 7pm just as she was coming around. The service is offered up until 10pm and should be done so. It wasnt a huge deal so we didnt say anything about it. Another thing I like about this resort is that it is not too big. It never really felt crowded and it is small enough that you can walk around without feeling like you are hiking. Overall, the resort is great and we would go back again.