My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma for 5 nights over Valentines Day. Overall, I would have to say that we were very satisfied with our choice to stay at this resort. Here are the positives: Terrific beach (white sand/turquoise water), Nice pool, Very well maintained resort, great service, nice rooms. Negatives included terrible service from the on-site tour guide (AquaWolrd), yellow water in the bathtubs and inconsistency in the food (some good, some not so good). My wife and I normally vacation in Maui, therefore, we couldnt help but compare this resort to the ones we stayed at in Maui (Four Seasons Wilea, Sheraton Blackrock). This resort faired pretty well against some of the top resorts in Maui except in a few areas. One, the excursion planning company (AquaWorld) was terrible, unreliable and often misled us and other guests regarding the specific details of the excursions including snorkeling and diving tours. In one instance, we had to pay for a taxi to take us to the port for our trip to Cozulmel and then take a taxi home even though the AquaWorld employees assured us that a van was going to pick us up in the morning and bring us home in the afternoon and it was all included in the price of the tour. Only after we paid for the trip and then waited in fornt of the hotel for an hour did they tell us we had to take a taxi but we again assured a ride back. Then at the end of the snorkel tour we were told again that we needed to take a taxi. After all that, AquaWorld refused to reimburse us for the taxi. We heard many similar stories from other guests. I recommend not using them and finding another as there are many to choose from. Second, the food is just ok. I cant say I had a bad meal but do not go expecting five star food and wine. The Italian restaurant was the best and also a taco guy that came around the pool in the afternoon was awesome. Everything else was average (jncluding the tropical mixed drinks). Lastly, dont fall for the bathtub on the balcony gimmick. The bathtub takes about two hours to fill as the water comes out super slow and the water also has a yellowish color (same as the jacuzzi bathtub in the room) I will probably not return to Moroma as there are so many other places we would like to see outside of Mexico but it was a good vacation overall. Also, the AquaWorld experience left a bad taste.