Hubby and I enjoyed 5 days at this incredible resort. The best in my opinion was the beautiful beach, the romantic suite, the lovely spa and the charming service. We had booked a non-preferred swim out room in building 15, and we were not disappointed! The pool was heated, and to look out at the water and tropical vegetation from our room and terrace was very exotic. We had brought our own champagne from the tax-free shop in Cancun airport, so we would sip a chilled glass of Met Chandon every night before dinner in the swim-out pool at sunset - doesn't get any better than that:-) But it did get as good on most areas. I will not go into details about the room itself, since so many have already described it in detail. Some of the issues some people have mentioned, didn't seem to occur to us at all. Aircon worked perfectly well, there was plenty of hot water, we didn't hear any noises from the neighbours etc. Housekeeping was just OK, did the basics, but some days they didn't tidy the room until 3-4 in the afternoon. We were on the beach, spa, playing tennis etc. every day, so didn't get back to the room until after 5pm, so it was never a problem, but coming back for short breaks during the day, one couldn't help wondering if maybe the maid had skipped our room that day. Quality of food and drinks was a little mixed. The Italian restaurant was a huge disappointment. Being used to eating Italian in Italy, London and NYC, this was a far cry from what I define as being Italian cuisine. The beef carpaccio was garnished with mayo and crushed Doritos!! What a joke! The entrees had the look and texture of microwave meals. I think this restaurant was a disgrace. It was like something you would find in a canteen in a mall (one of the signs of this resort being americanized). The ambience on the balcony and the very sweet and funny waiters made somewhat up for it, of course we didn't let the poor food ruin a lovely evening. After the Italian horror meal, we decided to avoid any European or Asian themed restaurants with risk unfortunate American twists, and stick to the Mexican and the Seafood restaurants. And I am glad that we did. The Mexican restaurant was delicious!! We asked them to season it as if they would serve the food to Mexicans, and they served up some very tasty, spicy dishes. The tortilla soup was a hit, as was the tamales with pork. At Oceana we had mahi mahi with baby lobster, delicious ceviche, scallops, shrimps, and a bunch of other great seafood dishes with Mexican accents. We ordered half bottles of wine for most meals. This wasn't very expensive and even the cheapest bottles were SO much better than the either bland or weird tasting house wines. We ordered room service every day, either breakfast, snacks or desserts. The fresh fruit plates were delicious to just snack on during the day and the coconut ice cream is so yummi, too. The bread basket consisted mostly of cakes and pastries - it was fine for the sweet tooth, but I missed some decent bread. The waiters bringing room service were always so nice and considerate, and set everything up for us with napkins, cutlery etc. They really appreciated tipping, but never seemed to expect it - just like the rest of the staff. The beach was amazing! Just couldn't get enough of the white sand and emerald ocean. By the swing bar, there is a little area with some very nice cabanas. We managed to reserve one for two of the days. It was the most crazy kind of luxury to lounge in the cabana, have Ana Co. serve you cold drinks or food, and just read, relax and take everything in. We did not spend a lot of time in the main pool area. We went to the swim-up pool some afternoons just for fun. With the risk of sounding like a snob or prude, I would have to say that I am glad we didn't spend more time around or in the pool than we did. A lot of people were extremely loud and rude and everytime we were in the pool area, we would look at each other and think the same thing: This is America, not at all Mexico. We were friendly and smiled at everyone, but we didn't enjoy the "vibe" very much. A little too much "bachelor party" with bad baseball jokes for our taste. We felt that the bar with the swings was much more "us", and had a lot of fun with the crew there. One day we had a couples massage on the beach, and then went to the hydrotherapy at the spa afterwards. It was so perfect from start to finnish. Very good massage, and a beautiful and zen like spa. There was a major discount on the massage, and the hydrotherapy was complimentary, so it was quite a scoop. With 100% capacity the crowd did seem a little overwhelming, but only around the pool area, and sometimes in the lobby bar. Also, the staff was extremely busy, and that meant that they would often forget things and keep you waiting for quite a while. We went out for the late seating at the restaurants some nights, and by that time, things had slown down a little, and the service was much better than during "rush hour". Overall, we loved the place and can highly recommend it! However, I think we would go for a smaller, boutique resort to get a new and more intimate experience if we choose to take another "resort vacation" in the future.