Secrets Maroma Beach is about 2 years old (according to front desk) and has a nice blend of beautiful rooms, heated main pool, nice beach area, restaurants and nightly entertainment. This is an Adults Only resort and we never left the resort to do any sightseeing. We were there from January 25-30. This is our second all-inclusive in the past 10 years and we were not disappointed. We decided on this area because it is a short plane ride and the weather is warm. The daytime temperature was low to mid 70s and breezy. It was overcast 2 days and was supposed to rain, but it never did. Bring a sweater because it does get pretty breezy and chilly at night.. The rooms are beautiful and tastefully done. The first two days I nearly bashed my head after tripping into the sunken level living area in the rooms. The stone floor edge is so similar to the rest of the tile floor that you dont notice itso be VERY careful. Once it was really bad, I almost hit the glass patio door after stumbling. The bathroom is beautiful, but in our room there was an open area from the jacuzzi tub into the main bedroom. They had a curtain between the bathroom and bedroom, but not much privacy because they did not always close well. The bathroom had full walk in shower and the jacuzzi tub was HUMONGOUS. I have NEVER seen a tub that big. It would fit two regular size people side by side. The only down side was that it was really gross and not cleaned well (around vents, spouts, etc). The tub itself was clean, but not the mechanism. I never used it, but my husband took a bath in it almost every night. He is a big football player sized guy and he fit well with room to spare. Our concierge, Alberto was very helpful and introduced himself on our arrival. We stayed in room 2221 which was located away from all the main attractions (theater and pool) so was quietjust how we like it. I noticed the room below us appeared to be one of the rooms that have a swim out pool. It was probably to cold to use it though. The balcony was nice with comfortable seating. The restaurants were very nice, I would say 3 to 3+ stars. Not as wonderful as the Royal Hideway (our first all-inclusive in Playa del Carmen, which was 4-5 stars), but pretty good. Our favorite was the Italian restaurant, then probably the Japanese one. If you want to sit at the Hibachi table at the Japanese restaurant, be sure to make your reservations in advance since space is limited. There was nightly entertainment and it was quite enjoyable. We attended the Circus show (which is actually a little acrobatics, a lot of belly-dance costumed routines and at the end a short fire dance routine), Drums and Fire show (this was held poolside and it was VERY chilly that night); the Perfect Couple show which was lots of fun and hilarious. We did not see the Magic Show. The entertainment reminded me of what you would see on a cruise ship and it was nice to have that extra bit of fun, in case you wanted something else to do. There are several pools around the resort. The main pool area is heated which was absolutely wonderful. There are towels in several locations and pool attendants who constantly ask if you need anything to drink. When you are around the pool, personnel frequently bring around little snacks to nibble on and 3 of the days there was a little ice-cream cart. It was like reverting back to childhood to see everyone clustered around the ice cream truck! LOL WiFi connection was $40 for 4 days and $60 for a week. Unfortunately, it only worked in room and in the main building....it does not work at the pool or beach area. Overall, we had a very nice stay and would recommend this resort. I think we tend to travel when there is not a large crowd around. We arrived in the middle of the week and there seemed to be an influx of people coming in on Friday. There was still plenty of room, lounges and towels. They did run out of towels a couple of times during our forays to the pool and beach, but generally they were refilled within an hour. Not sure how this would work if the resort was a full capacity.