My husband and I just returned from a week stay at Secrets Maroma. We've been to several other AIs (Sandals and Couples resorts) but have found the service here to be far superior. Everyone is so friendly and attentive....tipping a few bucks here and there will make it even better. The only not so pleasant experience we had was at the Seaside Grill when they were apparently understaffed and frazzled. It took a long time to get waited on and the staff was not smiling from the hostess to the waiters. I ordered calamari as an appetizer and received about 5 rings of calimari coupled with a heap of salty french fries...?? did they run out of calamari? Who knows..... Other than that, I was impressed with the food and presentation. The world cafe is your best bet for a great variety of fresh tasty food for breakfast and lunch. Service was great. We enjoyed the French.(great veal chop!) and found the Japanese and Italian to have the best food (yes, above Olive Garden quality). The steaks at the steakhouse were quite thin and the food wasn't consistently good at Oceana-tough as leather scallops and salty baby lobster but the grouper and seabass nicely done. Keep in mind at the a la cartes, portions are small so have no qualms about trying more than appetizer etc. One look at the Mexican restaurants menu and we passed, although it might have been OK. The room-nice decor and comfy beds. Ladies, you don't have to bring your own hairdryer-they offered a powerful Conair where you don't have to keep the button pressed to maintain it working (unlike the advice I was given-maybe they changed the dryers). Grounds.....spotless and lush-picture perfect. We certainly would've enjoyed the beach more if we didn't have such a cloudy week and the ocean wasn't so rough. Keep in mind only the pool with the swim up bar is heated-this area became quite crowded and where there is an endless supply of liquor, there's always going to be a group of people who get louder and occasionally more obnoxious throughout the day. The larger beautiful infinity pool was not heated and thus nearly empty- a shame. I thought the chairs around the pool area were a bit smooshed together and if you got stuck next to smokers or loud (aka drunk) people, it was less than relaxing. The beach was gorgeous but could have used more loungers. Poolside as well as beachside drink/appetitzer service was excellent. Entertainment: they offered shows at nite and we attended 2 of them-the American Idol show (fun and entertaining) and a Rock of Ages show which was excellent-the 'house band' was great and played many hits from the 70's and 80's. We never made it to the disco. There always seemed to be a lull between dinner and the nightly show-not much to do but be a lounge lizard. The hotel shopping was pretty bad, but it is a small resort. Overall, the resort is very nice and we might possibly return but definitely at a time when the liklihood of nicer weather is increased. I'm also glad we didn't shell out several hundred more for a preferred club room. We were in building 15 (close to everything in the resort) and had a beautiful view of the ocean from the 4th floor. We did pay for internet service which was reasonable. I never witnessed anyone using their swim-up rooms-they just didn't look appealing and as I've read those first floor rooms can get musty.