My wife and I spent TONS of time taking a look at previous reviews on Trip Advisor for Secrets Maroma and numerous other hotels in the area. We were hoping to have a very relaxing and enjoyable trip, to soak up the sun and enjoy the beach. After extensive research, we settled on Secrets Maroma and were not disappointed. What really sets this resort apart, and is noted in many other reviews, is the service. Everyone who works here is pleasant and courteous (apart from one guy that worked the omelette station one morning who was in a crusty mood). They really work hard to ensure that guests are comfortable. Whether on the beach, or at the pool, there was always a staff member coming up every 10 minutes or so to see how you were doing. As others have stated, the service was excellent, regardless of whether or not you tipped. We would typically tip for alcoholic beverages. Be sure to ask for top shelf liquor - they have Grey Goose and Black Label, but you need to ask for it. We found the drinks to be fine (not watered down like others have mentioned). If you get sick of Coronas after a few days, try Pacifico - a solid Mexican beer. The food was good for an all-inclusive, but by the end, we were looking forward to home-cooked meals. Breakfast was great - lots of options and that would usually tie you down until the early afternoon. The resort didn't seem to be at full capacity (probably 2/3 to 3/4) so we were always able to get service at all the restaurants without a wait and find chairs at the pool and beach without difficulty. POSITIVES -service, particularly Hector (Himitsu), Jesus (Bordeaux), Adrian (Portofino), and Jose (Seaside Grill) -lunch at the Seaside Grill was great -dinner at Oceana and Portifino was solid; Himitsu was all-right -taco carts that came out in the afternoon with shrimp, pork, chicken, and beef options was truly amazing -beach was awesome - sand, water was brilliant....also very quiet. -pool was great and there was lots of availability if you were there by 9 am -spa -kayak tour to the reef NEGATIVES -turn down service was inconsistent (came around 3/4 nights out of 7) -pillows were extremely small -if you're a wine drinker, it might take a few days to determine which ones suit your tastes -if eating hamburgers, have them cook it 'well done'....got a burger the first day on the beach and it wasn't cooked through -while the rooms are very spacious, there seemed to be quite a bit of wasted space in our oceanview suite -food at Bordeaux (French) and El Patio (Mexican) was extremely disappointing It was very difficult leaving Secrets Maroma - we thoroughly enjoyed our trip. We did pay a premium, so we had high expectations. For the most part, the resort met these expectations. Speaking with other travellers who we had met and been to the Mayan before, it seemed to compare very favourably to other resorts.