We stayed for 7 nights in an ocean view room after having spent time in Las Vegas and Mexico City, hence were looking for a lazy beach holiday. The resort/rooms look exactly the same as the pictures in the brochure ie very nice. All areas were extremely clean. Room: Spacious, plenty starorage space. Large very comfortable King bed. Very good AC. Mini bar and bottled water stocked daily. Shower unit large but not particularly powerful. Pleasant balcony and view as we were on 4th floor as we had paid for an ocean view. We didnt leave until 4pm so paid for a late check out. We had to move room for this as ours was needed before 4pm. This was a jungle view room and hence the view was of bushes/an internal path hence was glad we had booked an ocean view room. Food/Drink: Good choice of restaurants for dinner, which did not require prior reservation as was on first come first served basis. A nice touch was if there was a wait for a table they gave you a buzzer so you could go back to the bar. Good range of choice and good quality. It wasn't Michelin Star standard, but then you dont expect that from an All Inclusive. Buffet breakfast was very good, with lots of choice. Goof variety of lunch options(buffet, grill, deli sandwhiches in the Cafe and poolside BBQ). Good range of branded drinks and the house wine was decent too. Service: Staff pleasant and attentive. From some reviews I was concerned that we would only get decent service if we tipped after every drink. I was pleased to say this wasnt the case as I personally dont like feeling like I have to tip after every drink. Pool/Beach: Pleasant to look at and nice sun loungers. My only criticism is there are not enough loungers by the pool. On Thurs - Sunday we needed to get to the pool before 9 to ensure we got a decent spot, which wasn't so great as we prefer a lie in. The beach was nice, not as nice as I expected from some of the reviews. However it was pretty and a fairly long stretch. As others have mentioned there were plenty of activities options both day/night. We didn't leave the resort as we wanted a lazy week at the end of our trip. The resort did seem a little isolated and possibly not such a great choice if you wanted to get out and about. The hotel is a prime spot for weddings and there was at least one wedding on every day we were there, some days more. The only real impact was that the wedding guests were sometimes loud in the bar, which didn't bother us but might bother some looking for a romantic/quiet couples experience.