We were there for our honeymoon in Sept. 2010. This was our first all inclusive vacation. We stayed in a preferred club oceanview room 1649 and the view was absolutely gorgeous. The room was very comfortable and spacious. The bed was especially comfortable. The only issues would be the very unprivate bathroom :) and the dirty jets in the whirlpool tub. Also, the AC would never shut off unless you left the sliding doors open. This would not have been a problem had it not been for Trop storm Karl blowing through one night when we left the doors open to warm things up. The beach is absolutely perfect. Crystal clear waters, warm as bath water, and totally rock and seaweed free, which is not the case with most other Mexican beaches. Get there early if you want a chair under an umbrella. (Same goes for a poolside chair.) The pools are very nice as well. The bar pool is noticeably warmer than the others. The service is the real gem of the resort. It is apparent that every employee there wants you to have an enjoyable stay. They bend over backwards for you, and always keep a pleasant and professional demeanor. Our personal favorites were doorman Alejandro and our concierge Yannik. Yannik was always polite and attentive to our every request or need. Thank you to the entire staff for your hard work. The food we had some mixed emotions about. For the most part, it was very good, but it did get a little old after a while. (We stayed 10 days.) Maybe it is because we are not used to eating gourmet meals everyday. The desserts are very good though. Lunches at Seaside were our favorite. We highly recommend the shrimp tacos and the chicken wrap. We ordered room service twice, and were not very impressed either time. Overall, we did absolutely love our time at SMB. It was an outstanding honeymoon destination. We enjoyed it so much that we are planning to go back again. I don't think it is necessary to get the preferred club. You do get a better view, but other than that I don't believe the amenities involved are worth the added cost. You get just as good of service without it.