My husband and I visited Secrets Maroma Beach 12/15-19 for our 12th anniversary. We typically avoid all-inclusives because we dont relish the idea of bad food, weak drinks, and obnoxious, rowdy guests. With Cancun only a two-hour flight for us, we turned to TA to help us decide on a resort. The quality of the beach was our top priority: turquoise waters, white sand, not too crowded. The caliber of food and ambiance tied for second. Last on our list was the resorts selection of things to do. We decided on Secrets Maroma Beach and took advantage of their Winter Specials. Because I benefited the most from comprehensive reviews, Ill be thorough below. Airport Transfers: Booked through USA Transfers - terrific. We purchased the round trip airport package for $80 (plus tips). Our greeter was right outside the airport doors and ushered directly to our private car. We may have stopped moving for one minute while the car pulled up. The ride took under 25 minutes. On our return date, the driver arrived early and was patiently waiting for us. Check-in/Check out: We arrived at 11:15 and checked in. My reservation was for a swim-out Junior suite. I had emailed the resort only a week in advance to let them know I preferred a room on the North side of the property (which gets more sun) and wanted a corner unit (so that I didnt have fellow swimmers on both sides of my room). Both of those requests were accommodated. Since we were four hours early, the clerk at check-in gave us a buzzer and told us to enjoy the resort until our room was ready. A bellhop in a pith helmet asked if we wanted to meet with a travel service representative, I said no, and he gave us a tour of the property. No one ever bothered us about timeshare opportunities again. (Since we now intend on coming here regularly, I may be hunting down one of those reps next year.) We ate lunch, changed into the swimwear in our beach bag carry-on, and hit the beach. (Note: the bathroom facilities located next to World Caf are the best ones for this purpose. I changed in the facilities at Seaside Grill with their tiny, tiny stalls. I was knocking into walls trying to change into my suit.) Oddly, none of the bathrooms on site had hooks in the stalls to hang a purse or beach bag. I know that is incredibly picky, but this resort really tries to anticipates your needs, so when you come across an obvious oversight, it really stands out.) Our buzzer went off at 1 pm. We were escorted to our room (1510) where Mauricio, our building concierge, was waiting for us. Room: The rooms look exactly like the photos. No real surprises. Ours smelled faintly of ant spray. Id rather have a little of that smell than a gazillion ants. If you are sensitive to such things, bring a travel candle. I didnt notice the scent any other day. Mauricio gave us an overview of the resort services and told us how things worked. He was wonderfully attentive and was one step ahead of what we needed each day. Having read some reports on TA about mosquitoes, I asked Mauricio how bad the situation was. His answer, while perfectly practical, still cracks me up Our mosquito season is at its end, but the ones that survive, they are strong! (I have had maybe five mosquito bites in my life, but came back with eight fresh ones. Use your bug spray!) Its a rare occasion when we dont pine for our own bed on vacation, but my husband and I really enjoyed the bed, softness of the linens, and the pillow selection. If not for a heavy-footed upstairs neighbor for part of the trip (that man must have been The Hulk), every night would have be sweet dreams. We found the water in the swimout pool to be cold on our first day, okay on day two, and perfect the next three days. We never saw anyone else in the swimout pool. Unlike some of the other buildings, Building 15 has a bamboo/cane fence separating the pool from the public walkways. The privacy was very nice. Funny observation: a DVD rental library is available. We were thrilled to see such romantic favorites as Schindlers List, The Blair Witch Project, and Sleeping with the Enemy on the list. Seriously, there were probably four movies that might be suitable for a honeymoon resort. And while we didnt come to Mexico to watch movies, I couldnt see many lovebirds passing a rainy afternoon by watching a film about spousal abuse. Beach: Wonderful!!! Beautiful water, soft sand, plenty of waitstaff, a great beach bar with swings for seat. We hit the beach at about 11 am each day and always were able to find two chaises under the umbrellas. Beach volleyball occurs twice a day. A grill starts cooking up burgers and fajitas around Noon if you dont want to leave to eat lunch. This is probably our second favorite beach locale. To the left of SMB, there are numerous resorts (frankly, I wasnt expecting so many), but nothing to the right. It wasnt hard to explore that area a bit and feel like you were visiting a much more remote beach. The water was a little chilly on the first two days, but fantastic when the weather broke 80 degrees and the wind finally let up a bit. A woman lost her wedding ring one day in the shallow water and the resort sent divers out to search. Hope she found it. Poolside: Because we were so beach-focused, we didnt realize the main pool was heated until Day Three (thanks, Adam and Meredith!). It was just warm enough. The pool is really the hub of the social scene during the day. There was a boorish foursome acting in a dangerous manner and security came over promptly to correct the behavior. If you choose, there are plenty of opportunities to meet other couples. There are also two hot tubs set off the path on either side of the pool. We enjoyed these when the sun started going down and the temperature dropped a little. Food: Cooking is my big hobby and we make a point to try out the best restaurants when in a new city. But I realize that Playa del Carmen isnt NYC, so I was hoping for some good  not life altering  food. For the reviewers who complained about the food options on this trip, I simply think some people can never be satisfied. We tried every restaurant except Patio (Mexican cuisine  was closed for a wedding when we tried to go) and found ourselves pleased with the majority of our selections. Heres our lowdown: Skip room service for the meals, use only when the restaurants are closed. Breakfast: The buffet at the World Caf was clearly the best choice. The crepes, omelets, and waffles are made-to-order and supplement a plethora of breakfast fare (fresh fruits, bagels with lox/capers/smoked salmon, three kinds of huevos rancheros, bacon, sausage, French toast, pancakes, oatmeal, eight kinds of cereal, yogurt, parfaits, four kinds of potato, cold cuts and salad fixings, seven kinds of juice, four kinds of milk, coffee, teas, vodka, gin, and an awesome little dish called an Aztec Cake  try it with the salsa verde.) Lunch: The Barefoot Grill  I only tried the fries and nachos and hated both. Fries were so over salted that when I dropped one on the ground, a nearby lemur ran over, took a bite, and spit it back out. The nachos tasted like melted cheese from an aluminum can. Seaside Grill - Mexican and seafood. The weakest of the sit down restaurants and fairly bland. Beach Grill - Husband was very pleased with fajitas and burgers. World Caf - Again my choice. Choose from the Asian, American, or Hispanic daily specials, have a pasta dish made-to-order, or have chicken, steak, pork chops, or three kinds of fish prepared for you. Plentiful side dishes and sauces to jazz up your meat choice. Plus soups, sandwich bar, fruit bar, salad bar, and dessert bar. Coco Caf - Offers pre-made sandwiches, dessert, and hot and cold coffee drinks. We had two of the sandwiches wrapped to go before we left for the airport (and they werent confiscated by security.) The proscuitto sandwich was very good. Dinner: Himitsu - Hibachi table was fun and a great way to meet other travelers. Overall food wasnt as good as Benihana (no ginger sauce!) but still worth the reservation. Bordeaux - The steak with gorgonzola foam was delicious! The scallop appetizer also very good. My husband thought the lobster special was okay. The cheesecake with fresh berry sauce at any restaurant is fabulous. Portafino - Eggplant Parm appetizer perfectly cooked and the marina spicy and lip smacking. Mushroom and gorgonzola risotto might have been my favorite meal of the trip. Husbands Quattro formaggi was okay (noticing a theme?). Oceana Grill  If you need to watch your figure, this is your best option. Well prepared seafood without cloying, heavy sauces. Lovely beachy interior. In all cases, and for bar service, tip your servers! They work hard to please you and you'll get some extra attention. In one instance, our server from the beach noticed us in teh pool after teh swim-up bar had closed. He literally ran to another bar and grabbed us three excellent margaritas and a jack and ginger for us. We went through about $25 per day in gratuities ($1 per drink, $3 at lunch, $5-8 for dinner based on length, plus $$ for other random requests.) Activities: The entertainment staff really works their buns off. Throughout the days there were Spanish lessons, beach and water volleyball, bicycle and kayak tours, cooking classes, water aerobics, yoga, shooting/archery competitions, wine, tequila or coffee tastings, bungee trampoline, blackjack and bingo tournaments ( I won the blackjack!), etc. etc. etc. Each night featured a different themed performance in the theater (Rock of Ages music show featuring a heavy metal cover band and choreographed dancers, Circus show with aerialists, Fire show which is fairly self explanatory. The "perect Couple" competition which got a little raunchy.) Dont anticipate a Disney-style big budget extravagant. A caveat: If you are the type of sourpuss or jerk who will watch ten people give it their all up on stage and refused to applaud, just stay in your room and watch Schindlers List. A third of the audiences just sat there like they were waiting for a tax audit, sucking the energy out of the space. Immediately after the show, the resort nightclub opened and played most of the dance hits in the current iTunes Top 25. (Or so Meredith told me.) Apparently, Beyonce is the great unifying force in the universe. Whenever the DJ played All the Single Ladies all women regardless of nationality between 18-68 ran out and did as much of the dance from the video they could remember. A tip to those performing on karaoke night; choose something upbeat. Enough said. Most nights also offered a movie in the theater during late night. Gift Shop: I picked up two super cute beach cover-ups for $35 each. Sunscreen is $22, so pack more than you need. We went through a medium spray can and a 14 oz bottle in four days. FYI: the ATM on site has a $70 connection fee in addition to the $6 usage fee, so buyer beware. Photos: As recommended by another TA reviewer, we scheduled a medium shoot with the Adventure Photos located in the main building. I was hesitant when my husband decided to do this. Im not a tiny, petite flower and am so pale Im practically invisible so perfect for swimsuit photos! But honestly, we had so much fun with Bryan. Our medium shoot took about 45 minutes and we changed outfits once. Traditionally, our vacation photos show one of us pointing at something. It was great to have a professional take flattering, sumptuous photos of the two of us together. Splurge on this! There is not a better way to commemorate your visit to one of the most beautiful beaches on the planet. Youll go home and immediately put the photo(s) in a place for everyone to see. Youll get a lot of Oh my goodness! Its like a magazine shoot! I wish we had photos like this. Our favorite activity of the trip.