We just came back from Secrets Maroma beach after 10 nights stay. We arrived around 9 pm, check in was quick. we booked an ocean partial view room. we were so tired that we didn't pay attention at the view. though next morning we opened the window and could hardly see the sea from our room (located at the 2nd floor). if you want a better view you will need to book a preferred room or ocean view room located at upper floors. we really liked the room, well designed and spacious. As a general comment, the architecture of the hotel is very nice. the swimming pool is beautiful. the service by the pool and the beach is excellent. the entertainment team is great, full of energy. In our view the following areas need some improvement (suggestions to management): - the food in the restaurants near the lobby is very poor. forget the asian restaurant who serves sushi with mayonnaise.. or the very slow service at the french restaurant. As a general comment I would say the food need serious improvement. except for the morning buffet and the barefoot grill by the pool. - the hotel is located between cancun and playa del carmen and you definitely need some transportation to get there. the taxi rates are very expansive (20 USD one way to playa del carmen and 35 USD to Cancun) and there is no other way to leave the hotel. we felt somehow trapped ( my husband reminded me of the song hotel california: "you can chek out anytime you want but you can never leave"!). Last april we were in Jamaica at one of the couples resort and we had appreciated the free shuttle provided by the hotel to go to town morning and afternoon. this will be a good idea to implement at Secrets maroma! - the hotel has a SPA, but it is soo expansive that we didn't bother to book a massage (around 150 USD for 60 mns)..especially when you know that great massages are offered at playa del carmen from 25 USD.. - same comment will go to the giftshop. about 3 times the price compared to town. Offering better prices will make ppl spend a lot more! - The tours prices at the hotel are also very expensive compared to getting them at playa del carmen. To compare again with the all inclusive resort in Jamaica, this latter also offered free and/or low cost fun external activities to discover and enjoy the region. My last 4 comments makes me realise that after all the hotel doesn't offer free shuttle on purpose! so you don't get better ( and more realistic) prices elsewhere. this seriously reduces the effect of the great experience. - the hotel has a business center with 5 computers and free internel access. however if you want the interned in the room you have to pay 15 USD a day. Other all-inclusive resorts we've been to include free high speed internet in the rooms. - last comment on the mosquitos: be prepared to be eaten night and day! we had a problem with the air con and when repared we had even more mosquitos in the room.. Overall it was a great stay. the beach is beautiful, and the entertainment team is awesome.