After running the gauntlet in the airport of the goverment approved "time share/holiday club" touts the transfer takes about 30 minits. The access to the hotel from the main coast road is to say the least poor. It starts off as a dirt track then goes to a single track block paved long, long drive surrounded by swamp and bushes, altogether about 1 mile long. On first seeing the hotel it is very stark, plain and ordinary. Entering the hotel reception you are greeted by a large water feature and 8 reception desks. Drink and cold towels are of coarse standard. If the desks are busy there is no where to sit so you have to stand and wait your turn, which if a few are checking in could be some time. The decor here is dull and not welcoming, unlike the lobby which follows on from the reception and is bright and cheary and houses the main comunal area and bar. From check in you are shown to your room and your cases follow shortly after. Being asked at check in to come back to reception once settled to confirm all is OK with the room, I did this as the wife was showering but was told they needed to see both of us for a special gift. We both duly went back and was offered discount vouchers for the hotel spa and also, which was a bit sneaky, a 90 minit presentation for the hotel group repeat bookings/holiday club discount. You should be safe in your hotel from this sort of sell. We didn't take up the offer. Our room was a swim up type with a small swimming pool right outside your room. The room contained a very comfortable king sized four poster bed, desk, small seating area, wardrobe with built in flat screen TV. seperate DVD player and ipod dock/alarm clock. The bathroom with double jacuzi bath, seperate shower, toilet and twin sinks was more than adequate. Neither of our sinks had a plug which was not remiedied and we resorted to plugging the sink with a flanel. All toiletries are provided. All the 7 restaurants offered a good menu selection with top quality ingreedients. The service here was excellent as it was throughtout the whole hotel. Beach grill, pool grill and lunch restaurants were all top quality aswell. The hotel bars were all stocked to a very high standard, with as far as I could see, every spirit you could possibly want. Obviously cocktails were the norm during the day, again you name you could get it. The entertainment staff didn't stop all day, round the pool or on the beach something was always going on. Evening entertainment generally takes place in the onsite "theatre" from shows to various acts, some bought in some provided by the entertainment staff. The two pools were of a good size and never seemed full, apart from when water sports were going on. The obligatory swim up bar was always in demand. A bar waiter service was permanently in use round the pools and on the beach. The beach was excellent, soft white sand and very clean with a back drop of the pale blue ocean, just brilliant. Worth a second mention, the staff throughout the hotel were all excellent. Would we go back................YES.