My husband and I travelled to Secrets Maroma Nov. 16-23, 2010. We are avid travelers to all inclusive adults only resorts. We have been to Excellence Riviera a couple times and after being at Secrets, we are heading back to the Excellence... We are the type of vacationers that enjoy peacefulness and are content to stay at the resort and enjoy the amenities. We also probably spend more than the average on vacation packages, but are willing to do so to have an outstanding vacation. Let me start by saying that we did enjoy ourselves and truly there was nothing wrong with our vacation at all, we just know of something better... ROOM: We upgraded to the Oceanfront Preferred Club Honeymoon Suite and we are so glad we did. The room was stunning in many regards. The swim-out was the best I have ever seen and the pool was heated nicely. Note that only the preferred club swim out pools are heated. Our concierge, Yannik was absolutely wonderful and provided us with great service and hospitality. Some concerns we had with our room were more to do with the "mini bar" in our room. My husband and I are not heavy drinkers by any means, but while in vacation we enjoy some wine and a few tropical drinks. In the mini bar you will receive daily, 4 x "Coronita" (minibeers), 1x single shot bottles of each bacardi, jack daniels and vodka. We do not drink any of these with the exception of bacardi. We also were told that if you wanted more to drink, you may order by the glass (wine, champagne, beer, cocktails etc.) through room service. At the excellence we were able to select 4 x 26 oz bottles of liquor (should we like) and were able to order a bottle of house wine or champagne to our room - everyday if we wanted. When we called to order a bottle of house champagne (the same stuff the serve in the bars) we were told there would be a $20USD charge, same for house wine.... So we ordered 2 glasses of champagne to our room, the arrived about 30-40 minutes later, completely flat... I just couldn't understand if it's supposed to be an "Ultimate All-Inclusive" why would you pay so much money to have a beautiful room and swim up that you had to leave each time you wanted a drink. I realize this seems minor, but it was disappointing to us. The room itself was clean, spacious and appealing. No musty smell at all! SERVICE: This was definitely more miss than hit. It seemed to both my husband and I that the staff were not very happy. There were quite a few staff that were exceptional at their jobs, but many others that could not have cared less. The good did make up for the bad. Tipping did not seem to matter much at all. We tip every round $1-2 for 2 drinks, $3-5 at breakfast and lunch $5-20 for dinner. One thing we did notice is if you order wine off the menu, you received remarkably better service with many smiles. We typically order a bottle with dinner ($80-200) and as a result we were offered seating in special places within the restaurant AND "special" menus including much better cuts of meat and seafood.... Room service, maid service and turn down were quite good. FOOD: The food was just ok for the most part. Definitely a lower standard of quality than at the Excellence. We did always find something to eat. But everything is so salted that that is about all you could taste. One thing that was disappointing to us was the Seafood Restaurant. This is a seafood restaurant that does not include lobster, only shrimp, scallops and a few fish. You could have a lobster tail and steak for a surcharge of $49 USD per person (we called this the Ultra "Exclu-sive" all-inclusive). Or if you ordered a bottle of wine (here we go again) you could have a baby lobster tail with your entree. The food in the World Class Buffet was actually significantly better... Breakfast & Lunch buffets were very good with a wide variety to choose from, service was usually pretty good at the buffet. Some high notes for us were: Guadaloupe & Carlos from Bordeaux/Portofino: they went out of their way to get a specific bottle of Mexican wine for us, which was not on their wine list. Also Pedro from Bordeaux who was excellent waiter. Also, the grilled shrimp meal at the Seaside Grill at lunch was really good. SPA: again, it is very beautiful. In total we spent about $1000 there in services and I would say it's not really worth going. I have had the privilege to go to some very good spas in my lifetime, but this spa was very disappointing. To be honest, I really didn't expect it to be very good, but some of the staff were actually rude and there is nobody to help you through the hydrotherapy circuit (there is at the Excellence). I did the Luminous Perfection Package and my spa therapist was Flavia, she was really kind, relaxing and good at every treatment except the massage portion. But like I said my expectations were not high, I just want others to know what to expect. My husband's spa therapist was a very rude woman who I will not name, and they made an error in the type of service he was booked for and did not correct it when addressed... BEACH: beautiful!!!! The drink service on the beach was exceptional and even better than the Excellence or any other place we've been. We had very windy, stormy weather so there was a lot of seaweed, but not a big deal. We were more disturbed by the garbage on the beaches surrounding the resort. Preferred Club: very good service. I would say worth it but poorly located in relation to many of the Preferred Club rooms. We were asked frequently about the "VIP Program" which is actually a time-share presentation that they call their customer loyalty program. We felt that the management of the resort constantly push the staff to "up sell" the visitors on many many things. Overall, my husband and I would not likely return. We did have a relaxing vacation and realize that our concerns were minor. We know there are better places to go for the price. If we had not experience the service and quality at the Excellence resorts, this would have been the best. If there were no Excellence hotels, than I would recommend this resort...