(I'm going to try to tell you all the helpful bits of info I can in this review, so it will be kind of scattered...) Compared to both the Excellence Resorts in Mexico, this is disappointing. But, if you haven't been to an upscale all-inclusive before, you'll probably really enjoy it. I went for my honeymoon - this was the first all inclusive resort for my husband and he liked it a lot. The service, the upkeep of the grounds, the landscaping, the food, the room views, the showers, the preferred club - none of it was as impressive as it was at Excellence. For example, the preferred club touts private check in and check out, however after waiting a half hour in the preferred club to check out, sweating our [---] off in there, we went to the main lobby to check out because no one was available to check us out in the pref club, even after a half hour. Nothing like this ever happened at EPM or ERC. The reason we stayed in the preferred club here was so that we could have an ocean view (ocean front sold out). If we had it to do over, we would not stay in the preferred club. We were on the 4th/top floor & the ocean view was only an ocean view from one side of the balcony - again, though, I would probably have been okay with this had I not experienced something better. When we were laying in bed, we looked out to lots of other balconies - I don't want to pay as much as we did and look at that. The tub on the balcony was nice, but not that nice. I will say this - the swim out rooms were very cool looking. Better than Excellence! (see, i'm not totally biased!) If you don't mind not having a view of anything other than the pool outside your room, this would be a great room to have - they're very private, except for the other swim out rooms in your building (maybe 6 of them?). People walking by can't see in, and no one can use your pool except the guests staying there. (well, i suppose someone could, but i doubt they would since it is so private) If you do stay in an ocean front room, try for an upper floor - some of the middle and lower floors look right into big palm trees. I don't know about you but if i were paying that much for an ocean front room, I would want to be staring right at the ocean, with no obstructions! The beach is very, very beautiful - water is GORGEOUS. We took a taxi to Playa del Carmen 2x (try to share cab w/someone else from resort b/c $20 each way - but you can negotiate price with the drivers, especially from Playa - we only had $17, total, and told the taxi driver that - he took us anyway, no problem). We did the tour incl Tulum and Xel Ha - the beaches at Tulum were amazing, and Xel Ha was SO MUCH FUN for snorkeling! We highly recommend that. We each got a tattoo in Playa :) My first, his second. That was a fun experience! With our honeymoon package came a 50 min massage for each of us - I will say that this was better than Excellence, too, simply b/c of the "room" you are in - it's like a cave-hallway-thing, with many rooms off of it, with curtains closing them off. There's a stream running through the cave so you hear that, plus relaxing music, during the massage, which felt great. If you did the hydratherapy treatment at Excellence, you will think it is a joke at this place. I don't recommend - no one takes you through it, and they barely tell you what to do - you're really on your own to figure it out (like what order to do things in, how/where to turn things on, etc). The "romantic dinner on the beach" that came with the honeymoon package was really, really nice. The weather was perfect, and the table was beautiful, and we were right at the ocean. We highly recommend it. We don't recommend listening to their "marketing" shpeel like they'll ask you to do. We did it to get a $100 room credit, but would forego the credit next time - took 2 hours of our time, and was really unenjoyable. It's basically a time share they want you to buy into. They start at $44,000, and then get down much lower, but you know there's a catch - we just didn't care enough to find out what it was. Food was okay. Great ceviche & fish dishes. Portions are small. Oh, I almost forgot - at the pool, they don't play Mexican music - they play things like AC/DC (Back in Black), Footloose, Maroon 5, Lady Gaga... Really? In Mexico? On vacation? That drove me up a wall. And the pool gets pretty rowdy. There's really just one pool - it's 2 pools in one area, so you're all together. It was kind of a party scene. The chairs are comfy but very hard to come by until late in the afternoon. We had AmEx traveler's checks - the resort cashed them for a much lower exchange rate than what it really is (collecting their share, i suppose). In Playa, none of the little bank places would cash that check. Something about it being AmEx, I think. Anyway - be careful of that. All in all, it was a beautiful resort, the service was good, the rooms were nice (beds were SUPER DUPER COMFY), the beach was gorgeous, we had a WONDERFUL honeymoon - but it was no Excellence Club. We won't go back to this resort simply because there's plenty of places we could go for the same price and it would be nice to try more things out. Or, go back to Excellence (although i hear it's being bought by the company that owns Secrets/Dreams/Zoetry, and that is very sad).