This was our fifth and most expensive trip to the Riviera Maya in the past eight years. Previous resorts include Bahia Principe Tulum, Copacabana (currently Catalonia Royal Tulum), Sunscape Tulum (currently Dreams Tulum), and the Royal in Playa del Carmen. It had been three years since our last visit to the area so we were willing to spend a little more money for a higher end experience. Beach quality was important and we preferred adults only so our options were limited, which led us to Secrets Maroma Beach. Location - Extremely convenient. We loved the short ride from the airport, yet the beach still felt fairly secluded. The last thing we wanted was to have one resort on top of another. Rooms - Nicest of the five resorts we've visited. Beds were comfortable, not rock hard like most. We initially had a problem with the DVD player, but they sent an engineer and he had it fixed in less than five minutes. Amenities were nice, but I'm not a fan of the shampoo and conditioner in one. Ladies, bring your own from home. We never used the bathtub, but never had any privacy issues like others have mentioned. Secret box is nice for room service if you don't want to have any interactions with the staff. However, we did find turndown service to be inconsistent. Beach - The beach really is lovely. The sand is powder soft, the water clear and a comfortable temperature. I don't know that it is really one of the top ten in the world, but it is one of the nicest we've seen in the area. However, I don't know it is any nicer than the beach at Catalonia Royal Tulum. I believe the resort was about 80% full when we were there, but we never had a problem finding a lounger under a palapa. Two of the mornings I jogged a couple miles on the beach and it was heavenly. We stay away from the pools because we figure we can swim in a pool anywhere, but our opportunities for a beach are limited. However, I could do without the forced springbreak-like games or "Ole! Ole, ole, ole!" Service - We've had great service at all the resorts and Secrets Maroma seemed a small step above them. Absolutely no issues here. Food - Probably the best we've had at an all-inclusive. Very few dishes blew me away, but we enjoyed a lot of the meals. Our favorite was Oceana, followed by the Japanese restaurant. We found the chicken to be pretty fatty everywhere and the steak to be less-than-impressive. The icecream was particularly good though! Misc - I highly recommend having a photoshoot done by the hotel. My husband was a little apprehensive initially, but was glad we did them. Our photographer, Luis, was friendly and the quality ended up better than our wedding pictures. It was the best souvenier we could've asked for! Overall - We'd return to any of the five resorts we've stayed at. However, this is the only one that we really want to! With that being said, I just don't know that it was worth the great price difference. If we can get a great deal, we'd love to return!