We just returned from 10 days at SMB earlier this week. Overall we had a great vacation and the hotel is very nice, however there were just a few things that bothered us a bit, especially considering how much more we paid to stay at this resort compared to other AIs of comparable quality (because of the great reviews about the beach). Good things: The service at the pool and beach was absolutely the best and most attentive we have experienced. No one ever acted like they expected a tip. (we always tip when we get great service, but not if someone expects a tip) The staff are very nice and always greeting you and smiling. The food was a notch above other AIs we've stayed at (such as VIM). The sand really is as nice as described- white and cool on your feet with no rocks whatsoever. It's like a cross between sugar and flour; so soft!! The water is beautiful blue and was very clear the first couple days (the water became a little murkier toward the end of our stay and the water got quite rough). The angel fish will swim right up to you! The rooms are beautiful and the twice daily room service is nice. We never heard any noise from other rooms (other than maids moving furniture but it was midmorning by then). The entertainment staff was great- we really enjoyed the American Idol night show. The secrets box for room service was such a great idea! Room service was always on time from what they quoted us (usually 30-45 min) We never had any problem finding chairs at the beach or pool. Even if we didn't go until 10AM we could always find something. Even the nice little cabanas were available many times. We had free wireless internet in our room- I'm not sure it that applies to the whole resort or not?? Bad things: We booked an ocean view room and ended up in building 15 with two buildings between us and the ocean. Yes, we could see the ocean from our balcony, but it was off in the distance and wasn't what I expected for an "ocean view" room. To get a better view we would have had to pay an extra $175 per day to join the preferred club. Upon arriving at the hotel, they asked our name, and since we weren't on the preferred list, we had to wait in line to check in- no cool towels or champagne to speak of. (not a big deal, but based on other reviews, we were a little dissappointed). After checking in, we were immediately sent to talk to the "concierge" who then tried to "sell" us on attending a presentation (not a time share according to her- yeah right!!) and we would get 3 free nights (after paying a $175 redemption fee). First off, I shouldn't have to pay to redeem something "free", secondly it's not worth the flight to only stay three nights so then you would have to pay their rate to add days. Anyway, we were excited about started our vacation and NOT AT ALL happy about them trying to sell us some scam right after we arrived. We wanted to take a collectivo into Playa to go shopping a couple days later (because it would only cost $12 round trip instead of $40-$50) so we asked for a ride to the front of the resort. The people at the "concierge" desk said they couldn't do that and then AGAIN attempted to sell us on going to the timeshare presentation thing! We ended up walking outside and got a ride from someone else who worked there anyway. As mentioned above, the water was very rough and the water was kinda murky for most our stay (not gray/brown like most US beaches, but not as clear as it was the first 2 days) - this was kinda disappointing since the beach was the main reason we decided to come to this resort- absolutely not the resorts fault, but something to keep in mind if you are splurging because you expect the beach to be awesome. Overall the restuarants were great, but they never could get my boyfriend's eggs "over easy" and my steak at Himitsu was supposed to be rare and both times it was well done (we ate their twice). The first time I mentioned it to the waiter and they cooked a new one which was indeed rare, but the temperature was ice cold. The second time we ate there I emphasized that i wanted it rare and they still got it wrong, so I didn't bother to say anything. They did the same thing with our drink orders (ordered a frozen lemonade, got one on the rocks; ordered a strwberry margarita, got a lime margarita) The pool is not all that big or impresseive (we prefer the VIM and RPRM pools) and is lined by a fairly rough surface that hurt my feet and knees when I got in or out. The hot tubs were even worse- I could barely sit down because of how sharp the rocky surface was (jagged pebbles embedded in concrete). I had an eyebrow wax at the spa and they ended up very uneven, not to mention she never even asked me how I wanted them. She just immediately slapped wax on and was done within 5 minutes- by then, there was no way to fix them. The prices are outrageous and the supposed $200 credit can only be used in small increments(max $40) and only on the expensive massages (can't be used on any of the specials). So in the end, we had a great time, I'm glad we went here to experience this resort, but it's not a great value for your money and I doubt if we would return unless we got a better deal.