We enjoyed our experience at Secrets Maroma. We used Apple Vacations. They do a great job. We had a non-stop ride to and from the airport. We did have to wait too long on other passengers to arrive before we left the airport. (30 minutes) We have been to 5 other resorts in the Playa/Cancun area and found that the are all excellent, but the prices differ greatly for about the same amenities. Yes, Maroma does spoil you with personal service, but I'm not sure it's worth the cost difference. I will list details about different areas of the resort. Service: We spent most of our time on the beach, as that was the point of a beach vacation. The service with drinks was excellent most of the time, but the food service was pretty much non-existant. At the pool, we noticed the patrons being served food all day, brought to them as the sat by the pool. We were offered a few morsels, twice at the beach. The service at the restaurants was excellent. The service at the World Cafe was just ok. Beach: It is beautiful. It was crowded every day. We had to get chairs by 9:30 a.m. or we wouldn't have a good choice of where to sit or even get 2 chairs together. There really aren't enough palapas. There needs to be palm trees planted for additional shade. Room: We had a swim-out room. It was worth the additional cost. We loved using it after being at the beach all day. The room was lovely. The biggest drawback was the "built-in" sofa. Totally uncomfortable and unuseable. You can't see the TV from the sofa anyway. Room was cleaned twice a day and we were treated lovely for our anniversary; flowers, champange, breakfast in bed, rose petals, etc. Coffee shop: It seems to be an undiscovered treat at the resort. It was quiet in the evening. They loved to serve us our coffee just the way we wanted it, and remembered it day after day. We didn't even have to order by mid week, they just brought it to us when we sat down. The shows: The fire/drum show was good. The "circ acrobat" show was terrible! Don't waste your time. We didn't go to anything else. The pool: Very small and no real place to escape if you didn't want to hear the rowdy volleyball game or loud drunks. No chairs available after 10:30 or so. Many were saved and left most of the day, unused. Food: We LOVED the Himastu restaurant. Reghellio was a fabulous waiter and we went back 3 times and always asked to be seated in his area. By the end of the week, we were sharing pictures of our families with each other! The mexican restaurant was poor. The best thing there was the corn appetizer. The Itialian was lovely and very good. In general, the food starts to look and taste the same. The world cafe breakfasts were mediocur. Nothing was ever really hot except for the omelets or the waffles. The coconut ice cream was fabulous......do try it. The Seaside Grill was good also. Barbeque night was good. Try beef from the spit. It was yummy. Also try the mashed sweet potatoes if they have it. Summary: We would go back, but we feel like Maroma is not much different than some less expensive all-inclusive resorts. It was more crowded than we expected for October. We figured out why when we scoped out the resorts along the beach. Being an adult only resort meant that it was busier than the "regular" resorts, as anyone with children would probably not travel in October so those resorts were much less crowded. I hope that makes sense. Helpful ideas: We did tip about $1 everytime we got a drink on the beach and $3-4 when we ordered food on the beach. We tipped more at the restaurants if they did a good job. The servers do try to please and never acted as thought they expected tips.We spent about $120 on tipping. I did take a floatie for the swim-out. People hoarded them from the pool, so there were none available. I left it there for a "neighbor" who had just arrived. It was VERY noisy on the first floor. They constantly were pushing carts (not just room carts) by the room. It was hard to sleep in or rest when it sounded like a train going by. I don't know if this goes on on the upper floors. Take Pepto or something like it with you. I had stomach issues on day 3 and 5. I'm not sure the water at the restaurants is "purified", as they don't use bottled water, and don't want to. Bottled water all other places though. We were disappointed to see the "Playboy" channel offered. When we tried to block it, it wouldn't "go away". So, beware. It's on channel 13 or 14, I think. SO, if money is not really an issue, try Maroma. If you would like a similar experience and beach, go to someplace less expensive. We have loved Barcelo Maya Beach and The Grand Mayan. Go during school and you won't have to deal with many kids and it will be less crowded.