We stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from 3 Oct to 10 Oct 2010 This is our 24th all-inclusive and our 6th time to Mexico. I always like to know where others have stayed so I know what they are comparing, here are some other resorts we have been to recently: Iberostar Grand Bavaro. Excellence Punta Cana (EPC) and Zoetry in Punta Cana, Sandals Whitehouse (SW), Grand Lido Negril (GLN) and Couples Swept Away all three in Jamaica, Excellence Playa Mujeres (EPM) and Iberostar Grand Paraiso (IGP) both in Mexico. So for those of you that want the summary without detail we really enjoyed Secrets Maroma and would possibly return or try another Secrets, I say possibly because we have not repeated a resort yet. This resort definitely rates up in the top of the resorts we have been. I will say right off our favorite resort is Iberostar Grand, we have been to both Grands in Mexico and Punta Cana. Some call them glitzy and over the top but they really offer most everything we are looking for in a resort. We prefer large resorts and although the Grands themselves are self contained and compact when factoring in the use of the other Iberostar resorts that are attached (three in Punta Cana) it is a paradise to us of more space to walk, eat and drink. A beautiful beach is one of our top priorities for playing in the waves or floating and walking along, adult only and we like to eat seafood (lobster) and steak while away. We are easy going and so far all our trips have been good, although some have been better than others. Room: Our room was ready on arrival, this was around 2. I booked an ocean view and requested a 4th floor. We got the 4th floor, room 1542 and although we could see the ocean the view is certainly not what we have become accustomed too as the ocean was a distance away and there was no view of the beach. We have been spoiled with the views we have had and find we like going back to our room for a couple hours late afternoon to shower and relax and enjoy the view. The room was very nice. Lots of storage space. Excellent lighting. Comfy king bed. Adequate space in both the room and bathroom. Although the open bath was not an issue for us a simple solution would be for Secrets to put shutters that match the patio door instead of the flimsy curtain between the bathtub and bedroom. We had just warm water a couple nights for our showers and the rest very hot water. The air conditioner kept the room cold, that is the way we like it. Our fridge consisted of pop, beer and water and all were refilled as we drank them. We found our room very quiet and the only noise waking us in the mornings were noisy birds outside. Beach: The good and the bad. The resort is nice from within but we thought not very appealing from the beach. If I had not been staying there I would not have been inspired to want to book it from beach glances. We found the resort a little smaller than we prefer but since we could walk in either direction along the beach we got our walking in. What can I say that hasnt already been said about this beach. It is gorgeous. This is where we spend all day every day and the reason I booked this resort. It did not disappoint. What was disappointing was the lack of shade huts and each hut has at least 4 chairs under it. The huts are shared and so we always felt we were on top of other people. We had no privacy and couldnt even move our chairs around as others were crowding us. After two days of feeling closed in we walked down the beach to the right and found we had a little more space and so enjoyed that a little more. There were some pretty big waves a couple days and so a lot of fun to play in. The chairs on the beach are cheap chairs that dont lay flat. I dont understand how a 5 star resort charging what this place charges doesnt have nicer chairs with pads on the beach as well, more on this later. We were usually on the beach around 10 and there were lots of available spots. We did notice after 11:00 chairs usually had to dragged to get some together. Drinks were offered regularly throughout the day as well as finger foods. There is no intrusive music blaring at this resort. There are only a few beach vendors and they continue on their way. Management: Wed when we went to the lobby for our usual before dinner drink the managers were going around introducing themselves. I thought this was a nice touch and if you were encountering any problems hopefully this could be resolved then. I mentioned my concerns over the uncomfortable chairs on the beach and was assured within a year these would be replaced with more comfy chairs. Talking to two managers really gave me the impression they are working very hard to improve this resort and any constructive criticism is appreciated. Bugs: We saw wasps, flies and mosquitoes. I ended up with a half dozen bites and think they were from the lobby bar in the evenings. Pool: The pools looked nice and there were people around them but we never hung around at the pool or spent any time there. The pools are very busy and chairs were saved early. The pool chairs had pads and looked much more comfortable than the ones at the beach. Housekeeping: Our room was thoroughly cleaned everyday. Fresh towels were provided daily including face cloths. We had turn down a couple nights, this included chocolates, a schedule of events and weather forecast for the next day. We were usually in our room around 6:30 when they came around, they would leave a card with a number we could call if we wanted them to come back. We didnt care about turn down and found a schedule of events at the lobby if necessary. Bar Staff: We found the service was second to none. At all of the bars we were served quickly no matter how busy they were. Language: Every staff we encounter spoke very good English or at least enough to fool us. We had no problems ever ordering food or drinks in English. The shows were done in English only and we heard only English speaking from the other guests. Smoking: This was not a concern anywhere for us as non smokers. All of the common areas are smoke free. This is the least amount of smoking we have seen at any resort. Weather: Three years ago we stayed at Iberostar Grand Paraiso at this same time of year and had a lot of rain. We were a little leery on coming back at this time but had excellent weather. One day there was rain around lunch but the rest was hot and beautiful. We noticed it was a dry heat and although we were hot we seldom were sweating. We thought the weather was perfect. Gym and Spa: Didnt visit either Food: The most food we have seen at a resort. It seems there is food everywhere all the time. Whatever your fancy be it finger foods delivered to your lawn chair, hamburgers, hot dogs, fries either at your chair or at a table, a la carte or buffet, this resort offers it all. This resort also offers a nice mix of junk food and not junk food. Breakfast: The breakfast buffet offered just about everything we could possibly want. They offered the most selection of fruits we have ever seen. The service was usually very fast and efficient. The coffee was delicious and hot. The servers also brought water and juices to your table. We had a couple exceptional servers that kept our glasses of OJ and coffee full but we also had a couple days where we had to flag a server down for top ups to our coffees. Lunch: We tried both the a la carte and the buffet. Both were good so we alternated for variety. We would have liked to grab some food from the Barefoot Grill but the few tables surrounding it were always taken. We needed a break from the chairs at the beach so did not consider taking our lunch back there. Dinners: We tried all the restaurants and certainly did not starve but at the same time there were only a couple dishes that stand out. On Fri we went to the Mexican for dinner and was pleasantly surprised to be told the special was surf and turf with lobster being the surf. We ordered this and the lobster was very good but only about three bites. Our last night we had an excellent T-Bone from the Seaside steak house, had we eaten that the first night if probably would have been our choice for a couple other dinners during the week. The service was exceptional at the a la cartes. None of our glasses (wine or water) were ever empty and each course was served with just enough time between. The servers seemed very flexible while we ordered letting us change the side dishes etc. We never had to wait for dinner but we ate early usually between 7 and 8, we did see people carrying pagers when we would return to the lobby after our meals. Entertainment: We enjoyed the entertainment this resort offered in the evenings. There was different entertainment going on at various places throughout the resort. We enjoy this. There was usually entertainment in the lobby bar and the theatre shows we attended were somewhat entertaining. Complaints: Again I have to say we booked this resort for the beach and although the beach itself did not disappoint the cheap chairs and the closeness of sharing the shade huts were disappointing. Lobster should be offered at one of the a la cartes without a surcharge. More a suggestion than a complaint would be a soft ice cream machine added perhaps at the Barefoot Grill. The Good: We enjoyed the variety of dining options. We enjoyed entertainment even when we werent expecting any for example a guitar player and singer around the pool. We felt whenever we were anywhere in public we were being served quickly and efficiently. Conclusion: We had a wonderful week at this resort and all of our needs were met. We may return to this resort sometime in the future if the price was right but have found there is always one other resort to check out first. We would definitely consider another Secrets as there were aspects of this resort we liked. We found this resort was similar to Excellence and if you are a fan of one or the other and want some variety you would probably enjoy the other chain. Iberostar Grand Bavaro is still my favorite and I am thinking of a return visit in Jan to make sure my memories are accurate.