We went to Secrets Maroma with another couple to celebrate my 40th birthday. We found Maroma to be a wonderful resort! The atmosphere is very relaxing and quiet. The breakfast buffet was delicious! When we vacation we like to pretty much just swim, lounge, read, drink, eat, and then swim and lounge and drink some more. Secrets was a great place for such a vacation. My husband likes to throw in a few activities during the day, and there were some fun beach soccer games and catamaran lessons and such to keep him busy. We did not do any spa treatments but our friends did and loved it! There was never a problem finding a shady spot around the pool or on the beach. The bar on the beach has swings instead of seats which was very fun! The beach itself is beautiful! Lots of room for long walks, feels very safe and clean and private even though you do pass other resorts as you walk. They are all such nice places and so spread out you really feel you have the beach to yourself. We loved our room- we were upgraded to a beautiful oceanfront suite. It had a tub on the balcony, seating area, very comfy bed, a large tub between the room and bathroom area, large shower and separate toilet area. The bath amenities were great- I wish we could have purchased more to take home! Room service was good, cleaning staff was excellent! We always had a perfectly turned out room and they made it seem effortless. The pool was wonderful and the pool wait staff amazing! We enjoyed yoga classes each morning after breakfast and then would settle in to our cozy beach chairs for the day. By 10:30, the wait staff was coming around to attend to whatever need you may have. The restaurants were good- we particularly enjoyed lunch in the open air restaurant. We stayed previously at Excellence Playa Mujeres and the resorts are very similar. The beach at Secrets Maroma is definitely better. However, we did in the end decide that we preferred the Excellence resorts. We will be staying at the Excellence Riviera Cancun- just down the beach from Secrets- next month. It is hard to decide between these two amazing resort chains- both are truly excellent- but in the end there were a few things we liked better about Excellence. Here are the little complaints we had about Secrets- check in and check out. Although we had the preferred club option, it took a very long time to get into our room. We expected that since they were kind enough to upgrade us. However, they left our luggage in the main lobby and once we were separated from it, they never were able to let us get at it. Therefore, we hung out, had lunch, lounged by the pool but my husband was still stuck in his jeans from the flight. No one was able to get his luggage and even after we were taken to our room we had to call 3 times and wait an additional hour in the room before our luggage arrived. Lesson learned- pack your bathing suit and sundress or shorts in your carry on! We had similar difficulty with our luggage upon leaving the resort. We were told that our luggage would be picked up and it never was. We went to check out and ended up waiting in our van for them to finally rush down and bring it up. We preferred Excellence for two small reasons. One is that there seemed to be more gay couples at Excellence and seemed to be very few at Secrets. When you travel with another couple who happens to be gay, it's just nice to not feel like they are the only couple like them at a resort. Might have just been when we traveled. Also, Excellence has their entertainment area right in the middle of the resort. Part of it is open air and it seemed to anchor the resort nicely. Secrets entertainment was sort of tucked away so you weren't as likely to drift by to check it out. Other small complaints about Secrets- they allowed vendors to come into the resort and set up around the pool. This seemed very tacky!!! We chose an all-inclusive in order to "stay in the bubble" as we call it and not be hassled by vendors. We did not like this at all!! They had nothing like this at Excellence and we were surprised to find this at such a nice resort. Also, very small, the music piped throughout the resort was this kind of funny very serious spa experience type music. It just seemed like it took itself too seriously! We love the quiet relaxing atmosphere, but come on, a little steel drum, caribbean vacation type music would be fun during the day! Overall, we loved Maroma and had a fantastic trip! We would definitely recommend any couple enjoy this resort.