Perhaps I made the mistake of having extremely high expectations based on the reviews, but I was a little disappointed on a few aspects. My husband and I are fairly easy to please and definitely not high maintenance, but we've had better experiences elsewhere at other resorts. Beach-the sand and water were GORGEOUS! The water is nice and warm, very little waves, no rocks, seashells, ect. The only negative was that there was a lot of plastic trash floating around in the ocean, especially in the roped off area that I suppose is meant for swimming. We just swam away from this area and it was a lot better. Also, there was some seaweed, but I realize that cannot be helped. There are really nice cabanas that provide much needed shade. We didn't have an issue getting them each day, but we were out there before 9. Later in the morning got pretty crowded. Pool-the pools were gorgeous with more than ample chairs, but we never utilize pools when we have access to beautiful beaches. Rooms-The room was great. I heard others complain about the open concept of the room, but it was fine for us. We had a 4th floor ocean view, which was great. I heard too many complaints about swim out rooms regarding bugs, mildew, no view, ect, so we didn't book that. For some reason, we were given a room with 2 double beds. We were told there was nothing else available but that we could check back the next day. Obviously we weren't going to repack and move, so we just dealt with it. The bedding is very comfy. It's the best sleep I've had in recent memory. Food-We ordered room service a lot and had great experiences with the exception of one time at breakfast. We waited over an hour and only got half of our order and very hot milk. Otherwise room service was great and usually arrived in 30-40 minutes. We ate at Oceana, Portofino & Himitsu. You must make reservations for Himitsu to get the hibachi tables, so plan accordingly. Also, you must dress up at every restaurant except Oceana & Seaside Grille. Men must wear dress pants. This is kinda a pain for us. I don't feel we should have to dress up everyday on vacation. I'm not sure what the point is. None of the food was overly exciting but good. It was a little fancy for our taste. Desserts are great and you'll always have rooms since portions are rather small. The breakfast buffet was great though! Service-The people were great! They are more than willing to go above and beyond and never expect a tip. Of course, great service should be rewarded with tipping (which we did), but unlike people working in Jamaica, they don't hold their hands out expecting it which is refreshing. The only thing we were a little taken aback by was trying to get the info about our departure transportation. Our package included transportation to the airport, but it seemed we had to chase the American Express rep around to figure out when to get picked up. In previous experiences, we were informed the day before of what time our vehicle would arrive and when our bags would be taken from the room either by phone call or letter dropped by the room. When you're paying good money for all inclusive, this should be expected. Overall, I wouldn't return to this resort. It was good, above average, but not great. The resort is beautiful, great people, pretty good food, very small fitness center, great entertainment, amazing beaches, but not something I'd want to do again. Like others noted, there was a film crew there nearly the entire week. They blocked off large areas of the pool area daily to accommodate the film crew. This was an inconvenience. I'd give it a 4 star:) Side Note: We went on two excursions (booked online, not from the rep at the hotel). They were both really good and highly recommended. Edventures was the first. We visited the ruins at Tulum, zip lined, cliff jumped into cenotes, snorkeled in Dos Ojos (a bat cave and cenote), snorkeled around a reef and with sea turtles and ate at a really good local beachside Mexican restaurant. We spent the extra $50 to get a private tour, so it was just the guide, myself and my husband...GREAT experience. The other was scuba diving with Playa Scuba...great for beginners. I'd never dove before, but I learned the basics in shallow water of the ocean then went on 2 dives to very cool reefs. Again, it was just us and the instructor. This is the way to go when you need extra attention as a beginner. Another must do! My apologies for this being soooo long:)