My wife and I spent a week at Secrets Maroma as our last holiday before the birth of our first child. During the same trip we also spent 4 nights on Isla Mujeres (Privilege Aluxes) and 6 nights in Zihuatanejo (La Casa que Canta). Normally I would never have dreamed of booking an all-inclusive, but based on the many excellent reviews, we thought we'd give it a go. LOCATION Maroma is undoubtedly one of the best beaches in the area, and was lovely to walk along in both directions. There is a lot of development nearby, so it will get busier, but there should still be plenty of space for everyone. The resort is approx. 2km down a track from the main road, so you need a car/taxi to get around anywhere. Culture is not far away in Tulum. Coba is a bit further, but both manageable in a day. Would recommend self-drive, otherwise you'll be waiting for ages for the rest of your group. We spent one evening in Playa del Carmen, and quite liked it's narrow streets, boutiques, and buzzing restaurants and bars...more like a respectable European resort than the trash of Cancun. ROOMS Fantastic. Very spacious with huge, very comfortable iron 4-poster beds, plenty of seating indoors and on the balcony, large bathroom with twin basins, separate WC and walk-in shower, plus a spa bath. Mini bar well-stocked and replenished as required. Only complaints were that our balcony faced north so never got any sun, and we were disturbed regularly by the people upstairs and outside walking around in heels on the marble floors...when you pay $400+ a night, you expect good sound-proofing for a good night's sleep! POOL / BEACH For a hotel of 400 rooms, the pool is surprisingly small, and there is only one, unless you have one of the ground floor swim-out rooms. Loungers near the main part of the pool go quite early in the day, but there's plenty to go round, and plenty on the beach too. If you're here for a quiet, romantic holiday, the drunk Americans will probably get on your nerves, and tend to dominate the pool as the day goes on. Aquaerobics and Water Volleyball are fun for a few, a nuisance for everyone else. The beach is fantastic. Lovely soft, white sand, but quite windy and a quite choppy sea as a result. FOOD / DRINK An odd decision to go all-inclusive with a wife who was 6 months pregnant, so we didn't get hammered all day, every day as many of the guests seemed to do. Breakfast buffet as good as any I've had anywhere in the world, and I've stayed in a lot of top business and leisure hotels. At least 200 items on the menu, all fresh. Fantastic! Lunch at the poolside restaurant was decent, but our preferred option was the poolside grill, which served up decent food (some brought to your lounger), but did get a bit boring after a week! Evening restaurants varied greatly: - Poolside grill - OK meat, lousy side dishes, lousy atmosphere. - Seafood - Average fish, lousy side dishes. - Italian - Terrible. Pasta came out 2 minutes after order steaming hot...straight from the microwave. - Japanese - The best we ate at, so we went two nights running. Decent sushi and sashimi, noodles and tepanyaki. Good atmosphere. Overall not bad I guess for an all-inclusive, but much room for improvement in some areas. SPA We didn't use the facilities because it was ridiculously expensive. Massage $130 for 50 mins is more than you'd pay anywhere in UK or US. We wanted a sauna, but this meant paying $50 for a day pass...also ridiculous. GENERAL One night there was live entertainment right outside our window - no prior warning, so our early evening nap was ruined. We watched the evening entertainment a couple of times, and it was generally well pitched and good fun. Another night there was a private function, but this was more discrete. One day there was some sort of corporate team-building right by the pool - again, no prior warning and no consideration for other guests. Avis desk in the hotel is convenient, but you can get better rates booking online for collection at the hotel! OVERALL This is an impressive resort, and the fact I was sad to leave tells me it was good and I enjoyed it a lot. I think this is more a resort to go to with friends, than for pure romance, but would be happy to stay there again.