Me and my wife have been traveling to various Cancun area resorts for about 5 years now. We always have a great time, hence our return business. We were looking for a couples only resort, and Secrets Maroma was our choice. Although pricier than many other options, it was well worth it. Top notch staff, concierge at each building, and top shelf beer and liquor was excellent. At any time we never felt we werent getting proper service. The staff was pleasant and always willing to help. The food was excellent, and reminded us of more exclusive pay menu resorts. We opted for the "preferred upgrade" which got us a closer room to the beach, and access to the "preffered club" , which was pretty nice. Its a building with internet access PC's, games, lounge, and bar. It was never crowded and was a perfect planning place for things to do. The preferred room also has a soaking tub on the deck. This was not really worth it if you ask me, as there is no real privacy. We spent an afternoon at the Spa, both of us took a 90 minute specialized massage session. This gave us access to their hydrotherapy area, sauna, and steam room. Wow , what an amazing experience, and well worth the price! The beach was absolutely perfect, couldn't ask for better water , sand, and amenities. As usual at resorts like this, plan on hunting a bit for an ubrella / chair combo. We took advantage of the romantic beach dinner , which was nice. We also reserved the "wine cellar", with a pre-requisite of purchasing a $120 bottle of wine. This is where things got mixed. The wine cellar dining experience was top notch, and was a top highlight of our trip! The bummer, was that we discovered that we got taken advantage of on our wine. We decided to splurge and go for a $300 bottle of french wine. We enjoyed the wine for sure. This was a big deal for us, and was the most expensive wine we ever drank. We kept the bottle as a momento. At home we looked up the exact wine/vintage, and discovered that it is a $35 bottle. Talk about markup! I'm used to paying 2-4X markup on wines, but not 15X. The same wine list is available in the main dining areas. The house wine (included in your all-inclusive), was terrible. It was a very young Chilean wine that tasted like alcoholic unsweetened grapejuice. Every night we would purchase a 30-50$ bottle off of thier wine list. Morale of the story is buyer beware off their wine list. Also, the tequila and dessert liquors they try to sell you after dinner are marked up quite dramatically as well. You are better off going to the tourist shopping areas for better deals.