Before I write my review a little but about us.. We are a newly engaged couple in our early and mid-twenties that love traveling and are always taking a trip of some kind, whether its something close to home for the weekend or a week long stay on a Caribbean Island.. By no means do I think of myself as a seasoned traveler, but I have been very fortunate to see some very beautiful places and I have developed certain preferences about things that I expect when I travel. Prior to visiting Secrets Maroma Beach, we had previously done two other all inclusives in the Bahamas (Sandals) and most recently in Jamaica (CSS). I booked SMB back in November as a surprise birthday gift to my then boyfriend, now fiance. SMB seemed to have everything that we look for in a vacation-- great food, great room, beautiful beach, and impeccable service. I spent all the months prior to the trip checking updated reviews and looking through new pictures. I had very high expectations for this trip. We arrived late Monday 7.19.10. I have to admit that when I walked into the lobby I was blown away. It was absolutely beautiful-- the water features, the marble floors.. We were given the welcome champagne and moist towelette immediately and munched on some delicious chocolate chip cookies as we checked in. Because it was already almost six, our room was ready and so the process took only a few minutes. The concierge led us to the stairs overlooking the entire resort and said, "Ok, your room is over there, third floor." I was surprised that they did not show us to the room but just pointed out the general direction of our room among four different buildings. Again, this really was not a big deal, but I had read so much about the great customer service and this first experience was not at all what I expected. We eventually found a room and as soon as I walked in of course I was again impressed. We had booked a junior suite ocean view, and although you couldn't really see the actual ocean it was still a very nice view. The room was the nicest one we had ever stayed in. It was large, comfortable, luxurious.. Beautiful bathroom with a his and her sink.. Robes.. Slippers.. If I ever custom built my own house, this is what my bedroom would look like-- that is how much I loved it.. We were too tired from our flight and so we ordered room service and unpacked. I have no complaints about the room service food- it always came within 45min or less, was very tasty, and always warm. What I do have a complaint about is the staff knocking on the door repeatedly while the "do not disturb" light was on. I don't really understand what the point of having the light on was if at least five out of the ten times we ordered room service they did not just leave it in the secret box. One staff member in particular refused to leave the food in the box and just kept knocking. When I opened the door, he just let himself in the room, stating his name was "Juan" but pointing to his name tag which said "Sayed". He then started making very awkward conversation and made me and my fiance feel very very uncomfortable. The food at the resort was good to very good. Our favorite meals were at Himitsu and Portofinos. Daily breakfast at World Cafe was amazing.. Omeletes, crepes, pancakes, waffles, fresh fruit, croissants.. Anything you could want! Our worst experience was at Bordeaux. The food was just okay for us.. My fiance was wearing a very nice pair of dress shorts, a collared polo, and a closed shoe and he was not allowed in. We did not argue, even though the people before us to go in were wearing cargo khaki shorts and flip-flops. After going back to the room and changing, we went back to the restaurant and were seated, only to see a large group after us come in wearing sports shorts and flip-flops. My fiance was very upset. During the week, we saw a lot of this. The dress code was not enforced properly. We had no problem dressing up, but we did have a problem seeing fellow diners dressed like they were going to a beach bar. It took away from the fine dining experience. The next day, my fiance decided to complain to our building concierge. I will not mention his name, but he was never there between the hours of 9-5 like he was supposed to be. Whenever we called down to him or passed by to see him, the desk was empty. It was little things like this that I was disappointed with. While some staff members were very friendly and tried to get to know you, there were others that simply ignored you. The best waiters were at World Cafe.. The worst service was on the beach. Out of the six days that we were there, there was only one day that we were asked for our drink order. Other times, the waitress would go around asking others what they wanted, but miss an entire section of people who ended up just walking to the closest bar and serving themselves. The beach was beautiful. Would I say it is the best I have ever seen? No. But that is because I think nothing compares to the beaches on the Greek Islands. It was nice to take long walks every morning.. The sand was white and never got hot.. The water however was dirty. We just so happened to go there during a week where it rained everyday and there just wasn't ever a time when I could ever actually see inside the water. I would love to go back during a better season and truly see it at its best. It was a beautiful beach though, and we enjoyed many sunrises just sitting in one of the chairs. We did a couples massage, which was okay.. What we loved most was the hour before the massage we got to spend it on the other spa amenities-- the sauna, vapor room, and different plunge pools. It was a very relaxing and fun experience. The spa is just gorgeous. The reason I gave this resort a 4 out of 5, was mostly because of the service. I know that it seems unfair, but when you go on vacation and spend a lot of money to receive the best service it is not unreasonable to expect just that. There were a few nights that we never got turn down service, despite the fact that the "do not disturb light" was not on. In the morning the service was not that great either. We would find our pillows on the couch or the desk in the room instead of the bed. I did not like that we were expected to tip. During check-in we were told that tips were very important. I did not like this, especially because when you pay for an all inclusive, the tips are said to be included. But we did tip the people that thought deserved it. We did notice that larger groups were tended to better, probably because a bigger tip was expected. The other reason I did not LOVE SMB, was probably my own fault. We enjoy smaller, intimate resorts. During the week, there were at least three weddings and the resort just felt more like a "party" resort with people screaming from their swim out suites and being drunk and obnoxious. I really did want to love it, but it just fell a little short. Would I recommend this place to a friend? Yes. Would I go back? Probably not. I would much rather return to CSS in Jamaica. It may not be as new or as luxurious, but it offers that something that SMB just lacked.