We stayed at Secrets Maroma in July. We had the swim up suites which were without a doubt the best touch of the resort. For not much more money comparatively, I highly recommend it, especially if you are with friends. We were with another couple, so got rooms next to each other and lounged in the pool every night. Of course, you give up the ocean view with this option since you are at ground level. The food was hit or miss - We liked the breakfast buffet, but after a week it gets kind of old. We liked the Seafood and Hibache restraurants the best and liked the Italian and Mexican the least. Room Service was always good and generally took about 45 minutes. Pool side food was very good. Service overall was generally good, but food seemed to take a while to come out in the restraurants, even if they were not busy. Portions are also generally small in the restaurants, but that is not so bad because then you could order more than one entree if you wanted to try different things. Being a desert lover, I was dissappointed as I never had any really good desert except the fried icecream at the Hibache steak house. The entertainment was hit or miss. There were several times where we either skipped or left early from the nightly entertainment. Beach was dirty in my opinion. Everyone talks about how great the Maroma beach is, but having spent our last two vacations at Couples Swept away in Jamaica and I can tell you their beach is much nicer and cleaner. Couples would literally rake their beach daily. The beach at Secrets was dirty and somewhat unkept. Pool was very active. A lot of activity always going on. Volleyball was fun. Overall, I found there to be a fairly young demographic at the resort. I think there were a lot of honeymooners. I figured that a higher end hotel would have mostly an older affluent demographic, but it was definately younger than Couples in Jamaica. Overall, I would recommend Couples Swept Away over Secrets, but they each have their Pros and Cons. We did the extreme Tulum Excursion which was very fun. It includes a visit to the Myan Ruins (Tulum), Snorkeling, Repelling and Zip LIne. Its a whole day for about $100/PP. A pretty good value. If you just want to do zip lines, you should probably do the "explore" exclursion. We heard they have something like 13 different zip lines and you can do it more than once. You can also go into Playa Del Carmen for a shopping excursion for about $15PP. Good place to pick up gifts, but its definately a tourast trap (e.g. some things more expensive than in states). Here is a tip about the Cancun airport - Don't stop at the timeshare desk!!...They are stationed on both sides of the exit (as you are headed out to your resort) and literally have rows of people trying to stop you and direct you over to their desk. I can't believe the airport allows this, but I'm sure they get a hefty kickback. If we hadn't been told not to stop there, they make you think you are supposed to stop and there is no telling how much time we would have wasted with this. Overall, we had a great time, but don't plan to go back to Mexico for a long time.