Secrets Maroma Beach Rivera Maya-Mexico July 18-24th, 2010 Travel Agent-Judy McCracken-Great Southern Travel Room Booked: Non Preferred Partial Ocean View Booked Through Apple Vacations Review and Tips: Cancun Airport: Cancun airport was really very easy to navigate. We flew St. Louis to Atlanta, Atlanta to Cancun and had a rather quick connecting flight. Our luggage did not make our connecting flight. However, luckily there was another Atlanta to Cancun flight directly behind ours and our luggage made that flight. The Delta rep there in Cancun was very helpful. Once through customs, there are a lot of timeshare reps, with our head down we proceeded to the Apple Vacation Reps and had no problems from there. We had about a 30 min ride in a nice air conditioned van. Secrets Check In From the highway to the resort is kind of bumpy ride until you hit the pavement in the Mangrove Swamps. If you get car sick, you better pay attention. Then, you hit the secrets security guard, turn a corner and arrive. There is a huge water feature out in front of the resort that is nice but not sure what the point of it is? Seems like they could have used that money inside the walls? Upon pull up, our driver was quick to assist with our bags (just like at the airport) so I tipped him a few dollars. After that, you are in complete care of Secrets. Your bags are taken by the bellhop and set to the side with a name tag. Once you enter the lobby, the entry is VERY nice and you are greeted with a cool towel and a glass of champagne. The cool towel really was refreshing. The check in people are very nice, however this is where we ran into our first glitch. We were told by our travel agent to show them our marriage license to indicate it was our anniversary, the check in person acted surprised. Our travel agent had contacted them about this being our anniversary week to get the complimentary Secrets anniversary package. We soon found out they had forgotten to mark us down and we DID NOT receive the anniversary package right off the bat. Also, during check in, we asked about a complimentary upgrade (as we all hear so much about) but were told all rooms were booked and that was not available to us. However, we heard of several other people who checked in around the same time we did that did get upgraded. These were not huge issues at all and soon we were off to our room. We were told our bags would be right behind us. Now remember, we had been scheduled to arrive at the resort around noon. It was not until almost 2pm after our luggage glitch. So we were VERY hungry! Our plan was to go check out our room and then find something to eat. We went to our room and waited and waited and waited, it was almost 45 minutes (and a phone call to the front desk) later until our baggage arrived. We had no idea what to do so again, we just had to wait in the room and watch TV (which is not what a person wants to do). Each building is given a concierge to discuss problems, need help and make reservations and so on. We attempted to contact Patty but had no luck. We finally talked to another concierge from another building and asked for reservations for Monday night (anniversary night) to Himitsus Japanese Grill and she said she would tell Patty. Later on, we found out we did not get the reservations but it was actually a blessing in disguise. Point is, double confirm your reservation and I would not rely on my Concierge. Finally, our bags arrived; we unpacked, through on swimsuits and off to get something to eat! Secrets Partial Ocean View (Non-Preferred, Non-Swimout) Room The buildings are very nice. Ice is only on the first floor by the elevators. You will have a special room service box by your door so room service never has to come in. The concierge is supposed to be right by the elevator but until Ricardo was there later in the week, ours never was. We had to use building 14s for basic info. She was very helpful. The rooms are very nice. Beautiful flooring, nice furniture, spacious bathrooms, tub and shower! Comfortable King Bed, plenty of comfy pillows, big screen TV, IPOD/IPHONE docking station with external speaker, nice desk, nice couch, lighted dressers, iron and ironing board, umbrella, hair dryer, womens make up mirror, the deck was nice (no Jacuzzi for us), the towels were thick and big, we heard very little noise from our neighbors, no music noise, and the fridge was stocked well VERY ELEGANT! Minor Issues: The room AC was not very good. I wish they had put the ceiling fan over the bed. The light switches take some getting used to. The shower pressure was a bit weak. The hot water was VERY slow to get going. There floor had a step down that I tripped over more than once. I wish they had a small night light option in the bathroom; it was hard to find your way in the middle of the night. The room is very quiet until around 5am in the morning when the tropical birds start singing and sound as loud as roosters (maybe he slept in a tree near our room?). My wife could sleep through it but I woke up every morning to the birds. Ocean View: We had a very small ocean view. If there is a big price difference between ocean view and non ocean view and you are on a budget, skip the ocean view. In my opinion its not worth it. I had to stand on the balcony to really see more than a small window of the ocean and then that was only a bit more of the ocean. However, you can hear it which is nice too! Swimouts: they were right below us and they looked very nice. Fridge: Ours was stocked with Coke, Diet Coke, OJ, Water, Corona and Fanta Orange Drink. I asked our concierge to brink up Bud Light and they did every day after that. So if you would like something different, just ask. Maid Service: They did a great job every day. Even good about cleaning up our sand mess one day. Room Service: We never ordered anything, can you believe it? Wedding and Anniversary Package As stated, we were supposed to get our but did not. When we asked, they tried to make up for it and send up some champagne and turned down our bed the night after our anniversary. They also put a banner on your door and make swans out of towels. Truth is, the champagne was not good at all and I have never been that impressed with turn down service as a bonus and other than something to look at, whats the point of the towel swans? So even though we didnt get ours, I dont feel we missed much. I think they should offer you something more substantial like a complimentary bottle of nice wine and a private dinner or something. Otherwise, if you are like us and dont receive it, you are not missing much. Food For the most part, the restaurants were all good. I really enjoyed the steaks at Oceana and Seafood Grill, my wife like the Japanese place. All the food was prepared well, looked appeasing and tasted very good. Just remember, you are not at your hometown favorites and be willing to accept different versions of your favorite meals. One thing kind of odd but not a big deal, all the restaurants are all packed together except for the Oceana and Seafood Grill (which are together) World Caf was just ok by me. The breakfast was a bit bland and offered a lot of crazy items instead of focusing on a handful of really good items. However, I seen lots of people eating some of that really crazy stuff so it must have been good. Lunch was really good at times: The appetizers the chefs would hand out by the pool were fantastic. The pork tacos were amazing, my wife loved the nachos and the chips and salsa are good everywhere. I suggest the Seaside Grill for a sit down lunch, however if you want to stay in the bathing suits the grills near the pool are good too. I would skip the World Caf for lunch HOWEVER: I really wanted a good sandwich (I love sandwiches) and finally found an ok one upstairs near the lobby in the COCO caf. Private Dinners There are a couple of places to do this. One is the beach, another is the wine cellar in the Italian Restaurant and the one we did which was awesome was pool side at the Oceana. You are asked to buy a bottle of wine but it really was the highlight meal of our trip. It was just my wife and I, great service and you could see the ocean. Our dinner started at 7pm (around dusk) and by the time we were done, we were looking at the stars. It really was one of our greatest anniversary dinners. I recommend you do at least one private dinner. Our bottle of wine costs us $45.00 and we were very satisfied with it. Wine, Drinks and Bars Every meal, they offer you the wine list. The wine list is priced very similar to the US. We did buy a special bottle of wine for our anniversary and it was good. However, the house wine was ok too. Especially since all day you are drinking fruity drinks, beer and shots, your taste buds become a bit immune to anything else. When they bring the wine list just say no thank you if you dont want any. DrinksI did get tired of sugar drinks. The beer was never very cold and the mixed drinks were made with bottom shelf liquors. However, they did carry some nice liquors too. You just need to make sure and ask for them. No energy drinks (you have to buy them for about $4.50 a piece from the lobby store and you have to ask for them, they dont keep the out). Basically, whiskey, tequila, rum, vodka, schnapps and a few others. Beers I saw Corona (Light) Budweiser (light) and Modelo. There might have been a dark beer too, cannot remember. Bars were well placed and the staff did a good job. Again, the beer was a bit warm for my taste. All of them were rather quick and very friendly. Drinking Water Bottled water is abundant everywhere. The tap water is good too. I drank it a lot especially at breakfast. They dont keep it very cold but are quick to get you some more ice. Entertainment There were a lot of things to do. Wine tasting, tequila tasting, beach volleyball, sailing, wind surfing, kayaks, tennis, bike riding, zumba lessons, cooking lessons, archery, rifle shooting and more. The entertainment staff did a great job and all the events we participated in were actually pretty fun. The tequila tasting was very educational and even if you dont like tequila, its worth learning about this beverage. I heard the cooking lessons were great. I played beach volleyball about every day. (I do have a small complaint about this, the entertainment staff tended to dominate the game a bit. Several times, I noticed people wanting to play yet the staff would not step out and let the guests play. Also, they would tend to always try and set themselves up for a spike. It got a bit annoying and by the last day I had had enough and just quit playing. I actually have some pics of the staff all on one team and guests waiting to play.) Nightly Entertainment These shows were all lots of fun. American Idol, Rock Show, Grease, Fire and Drums were all good. Go to the shows. Desires Night club. Its pretty fun, a bit hot but ok. The KARAOKE contest was fun of course but a lot like it is in the US. Same people end up singing all night long the same songs we hear at KARAOKE bars in the US but still a fun time. My wife sang her favorite KAROKE song. Shopping We had vendors come in a couple of times and they have some nice stuff. Also, all week long there is vendor set up by the pool. Near the lobby there are a couple of stores as well. The one store near the lobby has some medicines and personal items if needed but they are expensive. The vendor stuff is a bit pricey compared to what you can get in Playa Del Carmen. However, you will have a $40.00 cab ride into Playa so you have to factor that into the costs. I do recommend going to Playa though and factor at least a half a day. Lots of the shops have the same things in them so dont be quick to buy something, you may find it cheaper a store or two down the road. The round trip costs are $40.00 plus I gave some tip money. There is one store that really has a lot of nice stuff in it and its rather big. There is no bartering here but you can pick up some extra sunscreen, medicine and gifts. I cannot remember the name. There are lots of good restaurants too. Ocean and Pools The ocean is a WOW! No complaints here. I highly suggest getting yourself up and going down to watch a sunrise at the beach. The water is calmer and clear. It was absolutely beautiful. Also, take yourself a night walk. This is nice too. If you want a spot near an umbrella, you probably need to be down there before lunch to get you a good spot. People save spots all day with a towel and maybe a personal item. The way the sand is, you can walk about 75 yards and still touch. At times the waves can be pretty big, so be careful. The servers are good about getting you drinks. For food, there is a little seaside grill that serves up tacos that are delicious. The ocean is NOT good for snorkeling. I tried it a couple of times, just nothing to see. There are a few angel fish and that is about it. The pools are very nice. I wish they had a deep end but that is probably a safety factor. Again, if you want an umbrella near the main pools, get there early. Water is a bit warm in July. Water volleyball is fun but the pool floor was a bit rough on my toes and again the male staff tends to try and dominate the game. Excursions There is a lot to choose from. Some are very commercialized. We talked to people that were basically on a bus all day and then when they arrived at a location, they were stuck there with a tour guide and 50 other people waiting in line. I do recommend you do an excursion. We used a small little company called EDVENTURE Tours and had a great time. Its a small little company but we were given great personal attention, safe travel to and from, no waiting in lines, able to explore on our own. Check them out, I think you will be pleased. Ask for Hector to be your guide. Great kid, loves the land, speaks very good English and full of energy. FYI: you will not find any info on them in the resort, you have to look online. Snorkeling and Diving A company called AquaWorld runs the snorkeling and diving adventures. We almost did this but opted for an off campus excursion instead. I heard good things about them. Diving was about $100.00 and snorkeling was around $45 I think. There at the beach, you cannot see much, they take you out into the ocean somewhere. Check Out They offer an express check out the night before to settle up any debts (wine, purchases, pay per view, etc) and fill out a quick survey. You can also schedule your bell hop to come to the room and pick up your bags. We did our checkout after breakfast the day we left and everything was fine. Tipping I did tip a lot but usually small amounts. Dollar or two every few rounds, dollar after breakfast, not much at lunch at the grills because I had no cash in my bathing suit and a few extra dollars at dinner. The night of our private dinner, our waiter really made our night nice so I gave him $10.00. We left our maids two dollars every day too. You will receive basically the same service whether you tip or not, but take a $100 in ones with you, it made me feel a lot better to give them a few tips. SPA We ended up not getting a massage but wow, this spa really was pretty cool. Even if you dont do it, go and check it out (Warning: You might change your mind). Doctor My wife was fighting a little problem with acid indigestion and asked to see a nurse. All they have is an on call doctor and it costs over $100 to see him/her. They dont even have a first aid station. Not sure what happens if someone gets hurt bad? (she ended up being ok by the way) Positives  Very clean resort  They clean the beach everyday of the seaweed which is really nice.  Entertainment was really a lot fun  Lunch and Dinners were really good  Rooms were clean, comfy beds, spacious and cozy.  Beach is really GREAT and every expectation you have about their beach should be met (other than snorkeling and diving).  Pathways, walkways and views were absolutely breathtaking and fun.  Staff was helpful, entertaining, worked hard and really made the resort nice.  The beach towels were big, fluffy and abundant. Negatives  AC did not seem to work well anywhere especially in the lobby, our room and some restaurants. However, I did hear people say their AC worked well in their room. Must have just been ours.  Wish they had a more casual inside place to hang out during rain or hot days. Something with a bar, games, TVs, food, etc.  Breakfast was a bit bland and boring but there is no shortage of choices.  Showers were weak and hot water was slow to get going.  The Sand Rinse Off showers are really weak too, takes forever to get rinsed off.  Several of the Restaurants were all a long way from the rooms Tips and Tricks  If you want the anniversary or honeymoon package, call ahead to make sure your name is checked on the list.  Dont forget if you want an shade umbrella by the pools, get there early and reserve your spot.  Make yourself get up early and go see the sunrise at the beach. Absolutely wonderful.  Try and check out the shows. They are a lot of fun.  The night club is fun but its a drinking and dancing party.  I had no problem getting internet in my room on my wifi. You are supposed to pay for it unless you are in preferred room but again, no problems getting online in my room.  If you are staying in a regular room, ask to be in a building close to the main building. It really is nice to have a shorter walk when a woman is wearing heels or its raining or really hot. We were in the middle buildings and come dinner time, we had a pretty good walk to get to dinner. If you are close to the lobby and want to go to the pool, you really care less about walking as far. (at least that was the case for us)  Try and participate in some of the activities. It really is kind of fun.  Over by the rocks on the south side of the pool, try and find the Iguanas.  If you go up for dinner around 5-7p, go see how long the waits for the restaurants are first (before going to the Lobby Bar for a cocktail). They will put your name on a list and give you a buzzer. Then go back and have a cocktail and wait for them to buzz you.  They take dollars, but the exchange rate is not as good as what I saw in the airport. They give you around $11 pesos to $1 dollar at the resort and Playa Del Carmen but I saw 14:1 at the airport exchange centers. Its up to you whether you want to mess with pesos or not. Trust me, the Mexicans want dollars too!  If you go off the resort, dont forget to take some free bottles of water with you and maybe a towel or two (big and small).  Pack plenty of sunscreen; we saw lots of people very red. Apply generously. Sunscreen there is expensive.  Bring a small sample of your medicine cabinet especially anti diarrhea medicine. I had a small issue and spent almost $15 on medicine at the store.  Portable IPOD station is handy on the beach if you like music. We had ours and it was nice.  Might not be a bad idea to pack a small night light to put in the bathroom. I think that would have saved me from stubbing my toes in the middle of the night.  Computers are available in the lobby and they work good. You can print too if need be.  Reservations have to be made for Himitsu (just the hibachi grill portion) and private dinners. We made reservations twice and both of them were not entered correctly. Luckily it worked out but I encourage you to double check all reservations.  Most staff knows English pretty well, however if you dont know some Spanish, you might consider the free class the entertainment staff puts on. I know some and it really helped especially off the resort.  It does tend to rain just about every day, pack some gallon or two gallon size Ziplocs to take to the beach with you for ipods, personal things, etc. It also helps keep the sand out. We also used ours on our excursions to pack wet clothes in on the way back to the resort.  If you go on an excursion to the ruins or cenotes, pack some very good water shoes. I saw people in flip flops really having a hard time. We had good water shoes on and had no problems navigating the slippery rocks.  Beer drinkers need to pack some coolie cups! Again, the beer is not very cold so keeping them as cold as possible is a bonus. Take them to the beach and pool with you.  We took mobile radios and ended up using them a couple of times when my wife and I split up (beach and room). However, we probably could have been ok without them but I was glad we had them when we used them.  You can use your mobile phone on the resort but its going to cost you a bunch. If you have a WIFI Smart phone, consider SKYPE. We were able to talk to family back home for free using skype. I also used a free texting app on my iphone to text people when I was connected to the WIFI. Worked out well. Truthfully, it was nice not to have to worry about a phone for a week but with kids, we had to connect back home some. Overview My wife and I really enjoyed our stay at Secrets. We did have a few problems. It took a long time to get our luggage from the lobby to our room and we had to just sit and wait. They forgot our anniversary package (which really was not a big deal). In the middle of the week something flew into our window and shattered it. It scared my wife really bad and we had to move rooms and re-organize everything plus we lost what little ocean view we had. The beer was a bit warm and the drinks were a big sugary for my taste. Other than those issues, the resort was fantastic. The plush green walk ways, the little covered paths, the rooms, the ocean, the pools, the restaurant, the entertainment, the food, all of it was for the most part really nice. Are there a few things I would have liked better, maybe but for and all inclusive atmosphere it was great! We really had a great time. Would I go back, probably not but that is because we like to explore new places. But I would highly recommend Secrets Maroma Beach. Overall, 8 out of 10. I hope this helps you plan your trip to SECRETS MAROMA BEACH!