My husband and I went to Secrets Maroma for our anniversary. We stayed in a swim-up suite which was beautiful. The room had a two person jacuzzi tub that was so nice and relaxing and my favorite aspect of the room for the first two days since it was raining outside! The balcony area led to the pool that was shared by approximately 10 rooms. My husband and I loved going out there at night as most of the rooms were empty during the first part of our stay so it was like our own private pool. The concierge was the best and made sure our room was stocked with our favorites and made all our reservations. The resort had good food especially the French and Mexican food restaurants. We did not have a great experience at teh seafood restaurant so it was our least favorite. The buffet was actually good and provided a great breakfast. The community pools were great with lots of room to swim or float. One pool did have a swim-up bar and there was ample staff that came by to take drink orders. While at the pool the staff also delievered food to you in the pool which was nice if you did not want to leave the pool to eat. The food at the pool was great! The activities staff were great and a true asset to the resort. The staff kept several activities going throughout the day and night which were entertaining. Water volleyball was so much fun with the activities staff! The only advice and complaint I will make is that the price of the stay is a little compared to other resorts. I would not recommend the Preferred Club Membership. All you get is entrance to a private bar area during your stay and while you wait on your room when you arrive. The private bar area is not convenient if you are housed on the other side of the resort and even if you have this Preferred Club Membership most people did not travel to this bar during the day. I was also disappointed that when we arrived and were taken to this area to await our room we were given no benefit of getting our room early as we arrived at 11 am and had to wait until 3 pm for the room. There was not an offer to get our bags to us to change into our swimsuits so we could go to the pool while we waited on our room. The only reason I complain about this is because the resort was not full so it was difficult to understand why we had to wait four hours for a room especially when were were told around 1:30 pm that they would have our room ready is 40 minutes. Other then this issue I was pleased with the stay.