We stayed at SMB July 6th through the 12th. Overall we had a great time and really do not have any negative experiences with the resort or the staff. However, rather than just provide the same great comments found in other reviews, I thought it may be helpful to provide some opinions. Just keep in mind that I am not complaining about anything since we did have a great time and did not have a single real issue the entire time we were there, these are only some constructive comments. Food: The a la carte restaurants were our favorites. The World Cafe only had a breakfast buffet in the morning and a couple of nights they had a Mexican fiesta and a Caribean night. The breakfast and Mexican fiest buffet did have a ton of options but the food was not as good as the other restaurants. Primarily because, well....its buffet food compared to food that has been specifically cooked to order. Hitmisu was by far the best a la carte option while Portofino, el Patio, and the Seaside grill were good as well. We did not try Oceana, and Bordeaux was not all that great. I think our problem with Bordeaux was that we are just not fans of French cuisine. There wasn't anything particulary wrong with the food itself. Resort/Hotel: Overall SMB is very clean and well maintained. What you see on the Secrets website is pretty much what you get. There are some areas within the buildings where the rooms are located that need some attention. Primarily the stairways are pretty grungy. It is not that big of a deal and I'm not sure the resort can really do much about it. The stairways are just white (or used to be) concrete and over time they have become pretty stained and moldy. Again, for the 5 minutes of total time that we spent in the stairways the entire week, it had no effect on us. I just thought it was worth pointing out. The main building that houses the restaurants and the lobby is absoluetly perfect and identical to the pictures and 360 tour on the Secrets website. They may have been a bit short sighted on the design of the landscape within the resort. I think the goal was to provide some privacy to the swim up rooms from the rest of the main pool area. However, the plants and trees have grown since they were first planted and now block most of the ocean view rooms. When we first arrived we asked for a room on the 4th floor. However, there was not one available until our second night, so we stayed on the 2nd floor for one night. All you can see on the 2nd floor ocean view rooms is trees. The view from the 4th is much better and you can actually see the ocean. Preferred club: We got a deal on a preferred club ocean view room for $12 more per night when we originally booked the trip back in Feb. However, I'm not sure I would have spent much more than that as I don't really think the difference in location is worth the extra $100 to $200 more a night they normally charge. The preferred lounge was nice, but we only used it a couple of times, and only just because we could. The lounge itself is not really worth any extra amount of money, and to be honest, they never once asked us for our room number when entering, so it looks like anyone at the resort can just use it anyway without anyone questioning them. Beach: Hands down the best part of the hotel and the best beach/ocean that I have ever been on. No rocks anywhere, powder white sand, clear blue/green water. Could not have asked for more, and it could not have been any better. Service: This was the most surprising and disappointing part of our trip. The quality of the service was very inconsistent and ranged from exceptional to poor. We never asked for anything special, just normal drinks and food right off the menus and we tipped each time. The lobby, beach, and pool waitstaff where all great and came by frequently. The cook located at the barefoot grill appeared to get upset everytime someone (not just us) asked him for food. The waitstaff at the restaurant were very mixed, some nights we would get an apathetic waiter while other nights we could not have had better service. The service at both the Seaside Grill and el Patio could not have been better. Entertainment staff: All were great, very energetic, and I'm convinced they spend 23 hours a day there each. The daytime activites were great. However, the night shows were a bit over the top and corny. But the entertainment staff works very hard and we did appreciate the time and effort they put into their shows. We have also stayed at Secrets Capri within the past few years and I think overall we liked Capri more than SMB. If the beach is a big factor in chosing a resort, this is definitly the place for you. If you are not that interested in the quality of the beach, then there are other places that can offer you similar food and service for far less money.