It is very hard for me to give this resort 5 stars having stayed at Excellence Playa Mujeres (which is one of the highest rated in the Mayan Riviera). Check-in was smooth we were given our cool towel with champagne and debated on upgrading to a preffered club room. Once asked I was told we would be offered half off the price at an additional $150USD a night (skipped that and glad we did). I was glad that we skipped because no matter where you stay you are going to have a little of a walk. Internet is free in business center and that just seemed very overpriced for an oceanview. Our room was neat, clean, and well kept. Not a 5 star in my eyes because we were celebrating our anniversary and there was no towel art or rose petals like we received in Playa mujeres. However, we did get a bottle of champagne and an offer for a "champagne breakfast in bed" and 15% off spa services.The TV lacked good chanels like some of the other resorts we've stayed at in Mexico. I did not like that there was a hole in the door to the room where the toilet is. It just seemed cheap and stupid (I was staying w/my husband, but there's just somethings you really just don't need to see). No hot water issues, just took a while to warm up. Jacuzzi tub filled pretty quickly. No power issues or anything with A/C. The bed was super hard and we suffered with headaches and backaches half the trip. The view of the ocean was not partial at all. It was non-exsistent! I just have to say the room just lacked that "wow" factor I had at Playa Mujeres. I would say if you are a couple that keeps to yourselves a swimup room might be worth it to upgrade to since you can use anytime and avoid any rowdy drunks. Another reason I wouldn't give it a 5 is unless you upgrade to the swim up, it is almost impossible to avoid the rowdy drunks at the pool. There are going to be some at every hotel, which you can't blame on the hotel, but I just wished they would have had other options for people to be able to avoid them, like pools away from the bar. Food was not the best I've had but still good. Breakfast is good at world cafe, but not as fresh as others. All food stations were for eggs only, so no fresh french toast or waffles?? I really didn't like dinner there it was cold and no variety. Lunch was the best in my eyes. People are always trying to feed you different things and the barefoot grill was great. Portofino was very good and Himitsu gets 5 stars from me. The guys do a great job to entertain you and the food was excellent (worth the reservation). Room service was always on time (minus our anniversary breakfast), they missed something on our order once, and one night we called and let it ring for 2 mins and no one ever picked up??? Our "special" breakfast arrived about 25 mins late and wasn't really anything "special". There was nothing selective about it. It was pre-set continetal and anything you could get at the world cafe yourself. My husband was looking to do the romantic dinner on the beach this year since we had never done it, but we noticed that the set up was super early around 5:30 when sun was still out and there were tons of people on the beach, also tables seemed super close to one another so we decided against it. I would say the entertainment dept gets 5 stars from me because there was always something to do. There was an activity to do at least every hour throughout the day & there was a nightly show, night entertainment, & late night entertainment. So there was always something to do. I really enjoyed the fire show, but did get a little scared when one of the guys caught himself and half the stage on fire, but everything was okay. I do have to agree that service is overall great and I give it 5 stars because people really go out of their way to serve or help you in anyway that they can. The beach by far gets 5 stars. Best beach I've every been to. Sand is powder white no shells at all! Hardly any seaweed. Water is clear as day and as soon as you get in you see schools of fish (was a little scary at first because they will surround you, but they are harmless). I did request a late check out with no issues which we greatly appreciated since our flight left at 5:20 PM. Checkout was easy and fast. Overall this hotel has some areas that are 5 star, but not all of them. I guess it just depends on what you are really looking to do. I would just say in my eyes this hotel was just missing that "wow" factor (that something you've never seen before or that something that no other hotel has).