My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma for 5-nights in April 2010 after we tied the knot at nearby Paradisus Riviera Cancun (now called Sol Melia). We wanted an adults-only all-inclusive with a beautiful beach and pool area and good food. This is exactly what we got and then some! The rooms are beautiful and the way the hotel is setup, I doubt there is a bad view from a single room in the entire resort. We weren't even that close to the beach, in fact we stayed on the 4th floor in the building closest to the main building of the resort and, well, check our pics and you'll see how we weren't disappointed with a single thing. The bed was very comfortable, our bathroom was quite large, and we lacked for nothing. I particularly liked their doorbell feature and Do Not Disturb features with the room. My only complaint is that if you're staying at this hotel during a bad thunderstorm, which we did, the walls are not very thick at all and you will be easily woken by the sound of the thunder and rain. Since it only rained during the last 2 days of our stay we weren't that disappointed, however our ceiling was becoming increasingly more wet towards the end of our stay and by the time we left, we recommended to the front desk that they not let anyone stay in the room after us because there were already bubbles in the ceiling ready to burst from the extreme amounts of rain. Considering we were the top floor, that was the only reason for the leaks in the ceiling. Ear plugs, if we had them, would've taken care of the sound problem. Also, don't leave any food out if you get room service. Ants will flock to it quickly, but that's what the "secret door" is for by the entryway. Just put your dirty dishes in there and close it up and housekeeping can access it from the other side in the hall and take your stuff away - problem solved. The food was great and plentiful. I loved how they gave you buzzers for the restaurants in case there was a wait, so you didn't have to loiter and could walk the grounds and would be alerted when your table was ready. This efficient system was the reason you didn't need to make dinner reservations, with the exception of the hibachi table at Himitsu. They also used the buzzer system at check-in, since our room wasn't yet ready. We were able to relax at the pool and enjoy ourselves and when the buzzer went off, we went back to the front desk to get our room key. Since it rained towards the end of our stay, we decided to make the most of the spa. My husband got a massage and I got body wrap. Both were great, nothing out of this world, but the spa was incredible! The decor of the spa and its endless amenities truly make it top notch. While waiting for your spa treatment, you have full use of the steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, and hot and cold pools. The locker rooms have every possible toiletry item you can think of. It's quiet and relaxing inside. I could've spent days in there! If I had been marrying at Secrets Maroma, the spa would've been a fantastic place for my bridesmaids and I to get our hair/makeup done. It was large and luxurious enough to accommodate a large party without guests even knowing what was going on. There's certainly enough bar areas for couples to pick and choose the type of nightlife they'd like to enjoy. Desires Music Lounge is the closest thing to a nightclub, with loud music and dark lighting throughout. The Rendezvous Lobby Bar is a nice, air-conditioned way to enjoy a drink after dinner with plenty of seating to go around. If you want to be outside playing some pool, table tennis, or darts, head down to the Sugar Reef Bar. It's all open-air and very casual. There's also a swim-up pool bar and a bar on the beach. The beach servers are fantastic! My husband and I spent an entire day on the beach and we never even needed to leave our seats to get food! They brought EVERYTHING to us and they kept coming by to continually keep us satiated with drinks and food. This was the kind of service that made going home extremely difficult. I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a quiet, romantic stay with their loved one, and perhaps a small, intimate group of friends. This is not a resort for those looking for a rowdy, loud time. I felt that most people at the resort were either on their honeymoon or celebrating some milestone anniversary. I'd love to head back to this resort in the future or explore another Secrets hotel. It was a wonderful time. :)