This might be a bit of a flawed review as this was our first trip to the Playa Del Carmen area (outside of a brief cruise stop) and our first trip to an AI in 12 years. Therefore this review doesn't compare it to other resorts in the area. Couldn't quite give this resort a 5 star review due to some complaints and (maybe just to us) odd behavior by the staff. Most of the items below are just random notes and observations by us: - Arrived to the resort in the pouring rain. I had booked the preferred club ocean view room. Because the private check-in is done in the preferred club lounge we had to wait in the bar (roughly 30 minutes) for the rain to slow down before the doorman could cart us to the lounge. Kind of ironic that the preferred club check-in boasts no waiting. - The staff member that checked us in was nice but kept commenting how unusually short our stay was going to be (4 nights). I would have loved to stay a week or longer but work/life prevented that. Thought it was odd they would keep bringing it up (which they did again when we checked out). - Our room was in building 26 floor #2. Not cool. Our preferred club "ocean view" room was a heavily obstructed view by trees and by the hallway cabana roofs. My wife and I kept joking that you could see the ocean if you looked carefully through the palm leaves and squinted. Seriously though, if I'm booking a preferred club ocean view suite I should at least expected some kind of ocean view. I had even requested the 3rd or 4th floor when I booked and when I confirmed the reservation. I politely brought it up to our concierge to see if we could move to the 3rd or 4th floor, he said he would have to wait until the next day to see if management would let him. (The next day was his day off so the whole thing kind of got swept under the rug). - The food is good not great. Both my wife and I thought most of it was fairly bland. We thought Portifino (Italian) was good while Bordeaux(French) and the Seaside grill(Steak)...well...not so much. Tried to make reservations for Hitmitsu(Hibatchi) on the first day but we could only get early reservations throughout the week which would take away from time at the pool...which was highly valuable considering we only had two days of sun. Room service was food was also just ok. - We thought the food and drink service was the best part of the resort. Top notch, nice servers who work really hard to keep the food and drinks coming. A+ in this area. - We really enjoyed the couples massage at the spa. This was one of the best parts of the trip. Great spa, very relaxing, very nice staff. - Beach and pool area were great. No problem finding chairs, the staff around the pool was great (although the drink service was understaffed). - Rooms for the most part were clean and well serviced by housekeeping. We did see quite a few ants in our room and noticed on a couple of nights that we had random bugs in the bed with us. I just chalked it up to being in close proximity to the jungle. We did get stiffed on bottled water one day by the mini-bar person who only gave us one(?!?) to replace the 5 or 6 we had already drank (yes we did tip each day). Again, not a big deal because you can get a bottle of water anywhere, but it's just another thing we experienced that made us think "this place gets high reviews on trip advisor?" - As a part of our package, we had received $200.00 in resort credit. The term resort credit is used loosely here because they are more like small discount coupons. You can only use some of them for three items: Massages at the spa(use up to $40), bottles of wine(use up to $10), or the romantic dinner(use up to $60). We overheard quite a few people discussing the silliness of the restrictions. So it's possible all of the great reviews posted on this site are from people that have stayed in other resorts in the region and Secrets Maroma is one of the best, I definitely don't dispute that. Overall we had a fun time and would consider going back to the resort with some minor changes (don't book ocean view because it's not guaranteed, lower expectations on food, plan to spend more time in the spa).