My wife and I went to Secrets Maroma in July, 2010. This was our second trip to Cancun/Playa and had previously stayed at the Iberostar Grande. Although Secrets Maroma is a nice resort, it is not the same quality as the Grande. Check-In: Easy check-in. We booked last minute and they did not have our names on their clipboards, but after I gave them our reservation number we were off to our room. Nice standard greeting with cool towel and drink. Room: The room is nice but is average. Comfortable bed, ample pillows. It was clean. The bathroom is open to the room which we didnt like. Wifi connection is poor and they dont have a wired option. The room also would not get very cool, never below 73 degrees. In room mini bar was small and didn't have much in it. Food: The food was average at the restaurants at night. Although reservations are not needed, we had to wait every night for 30-45 min. None of the restaurants really stod out and we wouldnt have eaten at them more than once at home. The quality just isn't the same as the Grande. The breakfast was good. Lunch was better here because of the poolside grill and roaving carts. Lunch was nice. Pool: The pool was better at the Grande. The infinity edge pool was open to the beach and beautiful at the grand. The atmsphere was better at Secrets. More fun, more activities. Music was low boring. Bring your own. Staff: Activities staff was good. Servers were polite and nice but slow and very few really provided good service. It seemed we were in a very busy resturant with too few staff each night. Bartenders seemed uninterested and were dull. They didn't recommend much and didn't talk much with the visitors. We were really disappointed in this aspect. Overall we had a nice stay but wouldnt go back. This place is not the same class as the Grande. I suspect if we werent regular travelers and hadn't been to nicer hotels we would have been fine, but it just wasn't as nice as we had hoped. We appreciate good food and good service, both of which were average. Beach here is definately better than the grande.