For the second year in a row, my husband and I traveled with five other couples to vacation in the Riviera Maya/Playa area. This year we chose Secrets based on friends' recommendations and the outstanding reviews of the beach. Although the weather didn't cooperate to the fullest - Tropical Storm Alex was brewing and passing through - we still had a great time and still consider Secrets to be a gorgeous property with fantastic service. A couple observations - good and bad... Beautiful beach with fantastic food and bev service while enjoying the beach palapas. We had no problems finding seating around the pool or at the beach. Also, a good number of floats were available. The food was delicious - esp. for an all-inclusive. The food service around the pool was a big plus. The disco and shows were fun. Nothing too crazy, but we had a big group of friends, so we made our own fun wherever we went. The spa is AMAZING! I truly enjoy spas and am rather picky. I enjoyed a massage, facial and used the hydrotherapy and steamroom. All on-par with a top notch spa. My husband golfed (course at Iberostar), and had good things to say about the course. Don't let "free golf" fool you though. There is a $35 day fee, plus a mandatory $35 cart fee. We did choose the preferred club service. Personally, my husband and I choose it whenever we travel to all-inclusive properties (this is our 4th) to help ensure everything runs smoothly. It's a personal choice, but we enjoyed the private check-in in the club and used the computers and club room to relax. A couple areas for improvement... The restaurants, common areas and sometimes the rooms would get EXTREMELY warm. Extremely. We had a swim up room. We enjoyed it, but be careful...the tile in the room becomes quite slippery. Be sure to put down some towels to avoid falls. The fitness center is INCREDIBLY small. I was surprised since the spa is so well-appointed. I did the water aerobics twice and had a great time, but would have loved a nice work out area too. This is not a place for a group of friends to travel to together. While we all went with our spouses (late 30s -early 40s), the resort staff's focus on quiet and calm seemed a little exaggerated. Of course, with 12 people together, it will be louder than 2 people talking by the pool! I do think purchasing the preferred club services should provide the opportunity to make reservations at the restaurants. All in all, it was a great property. I would definitely go back, however, only with my husband as this property is definitely geared for one profile of traveler - couples!