Just back from 7-night bender with wife and friends. This was our third time staying here, so yes, we like this place. As most everyone has already stated, Secrets Maroma is a very good choice, especially for an all-inclusive. Here are a few observations from our stay. I'll start with the good stuff and then I'll point out a few areas for improvement. This was just our experience, maybe yours will be different depending on time of year, room, weather, etc. Good stuff: The grounds have gotten much better since they opened in August 2008 - more lush! It seemed like the food changed slightly, as well, and we felt it was an improvement. For example, in addition to numerous new selections, you can now order grilled tuna at the Seaside Grill for lunch. The parade of food around the pool all day was also a treat, as we were glad to see they have not made any cutbacks in this area. Service was still top-notch with the exception of check-in - more below. Beach is still terrific. Pools are now heated, including the infinity pool. Part of me thinks this was not a good idea as it was HOT, HOT, HOT and the cool water used to be refreshing coming off the beach. Now the infinity pool is like a bath. The swim-up bar pool was always heated, so nothing new there. We had no problem with getting chairs and it didn't seem like others did either. We were up and reserved before breakfast at around 8 AM, however. Lastly, Secrets Maroma is CLEAN. You can't say too much about a resort that maintains a high level of cleanliness. I'm a big fan of that! Improvements needed: Check-in was a hassle, just like our first experience at this resort. Room not ready so had to lug our passports, money, and other stuff you wouldn't want to leave with the bell hop around with us until late afternoon. Also, we did not get the room we paid for. We booked an ocean view, which is top floor # 4. Instead, we got a partial ocean view on floor 3. To make matters worse, the guy at the desk tried to tell me the room was an ocean view. I had to explain to him that I wasn't an idiot and knew how the resort was set-up after having stayed there twice prior. Rather than wasting my precious vacation time and ruining my first-day buzz, I decided to just roll with it and take the partial view. No biggie because we still got a king bed and all of the rooms are nice and mostly set-up the same, but it was not the view we paid for. Air conditioning in the lobby and the nightclub was a problem - very HOT! We didn't even want to hang out in the common areas after we ate dinner because it was uncomfortable. They need to fix this quickly. Restaurants were properly air conditioned, but lobby and club were not. Also, rooms could still stand to get a bit cooler. They need to jack up the A/C in the rooms. Although the temp was not too bad overall, the A/C in the rooms has been an ongoing gripe. Some don't mind it, but many think it could be colder. I am in the camp that would like the option of making it colder, if so desired. While I pointed out a few areas for improvement, do not think twice about booking here. There's plenty of things they are doing right, which is why we go back. While we will return, we would defintely like to see management get them to a 5-star experience. I hope management is reading and will work on these weak spots.