Still here, writing this from their ineternet connection-PC. Today is Thursday of a 7 day Sat to Sat trip 6-12 to 6-19-10. Excelent beach, we are not pool people or foodies, using pool to rinse after long days on the beach LOL.. We are 42 and 35, but like relaxing quiet vacations. No loud music at pool or beach thankfully, but the pool bar crowd does not like this of course. Best AI food and booze so far. Have stayed at Sun Palace last 2 years, been to Iberostar bavaro all suites in Punta Cana, stayed at Cancun Palace and Moon Palace Mexico as well and way back Couples Ocho Rios and super clubs in Jamaica. JD, Jim, Crown royal, Bombay Saphire Gin, BUD, BUD LIGHT, Grey Goose, Modelo, Carona Light, Pacifico Clara canned Beer, Don Julio, Cuervo 1800 actually saw a bottle of Wild Turkey 101 on 1st day at pool bar, but gone before I could order one and no one seems to be able to fine another???? Did bring my own Rare Breed, however, LOL..Again the booze is great for this price point and no trouble when asking for the better stuff, but do "run out" at certain times of night. Italian restaurant is very good for AI, Olive Garden quality at least. The World Cafe buffet is not open everynight, upsets my wife, only open for theme nights, Mexican, BBQ etc. Had "romantic dinner" night on Tuesday and had filet mignon and small lobster tail, was very decent. Cowboy bone in Rib Eye at the steak restaurant was again lone star quality and meant for 2, but was cooked good, so order for yourself if you have the appetite, nice and thick etc. Not enough palapas on the beach, we get up early to save the front row and end ones, others have been beating us to prime spots, but there seems be just enough overall at this time of year, but one day saw people having to put towels on the sand, not even enough chairs, cant imagine how it would be if the hotel was full. Service is normal AI, some good some bad, some in between. Great at the Italian, pretty much non existant on the beach after 12pm, but again this does not bother us, we bring large insulated mugs to keep cold all day etc and get own drinks at bar to make sure getting higher shelf booze. Have the swim out room, but have not used the pool. Had a group of pool party people invade our pool, do no think they even had a room in the building, going from swim out pool to pool etc being loud and obnoxious, but this was about 6 to 7pm so did not call in on them, but quite annoying, these types should pick a different hotel designed for their lifestyle. Cannot get a good nights sleep. The echo of room service and other carts wakes you up multiple times, usually around 230am and 6am, may want to get the upper floors as it this may not be as bad??? also need bottle opener in room, tired of trying to find a sharp edge to pop off the top door hanle works well....>Overall, best AI yet