Before booking a trip with secrets maroma beach we shopped around looking at several different resorts and also other secrets locations. We DEFINITELY made the right choice. I will keep it short because for the most part all of the other reviews are consistent with our experience with a few exceptions. Pros: The Staff-Wonderful anyone and everyone was willing to help you. The wait staff at all of the restaurants were outstanding. The poolside service was very fast (except around lunch time) but if you didn't wait to wait a few extra minutes there is a bar within 30 seconds of anywhere poolside including the swim-up bar. The location-Maroma beach is the most beautiful beach I have visited We even sailed out to the coral reef that is less than a mile of shore (the sail boats are included but a guide went with us for free but we did tip him). The resort- It is off the main highway 2-3 miles and you feel like your driving deep into the jungle and then the resort just pops up and it is breath taking when you first arrive to be greeted with a cool towel and a cold glass of champagne. Room Service and Concierge- Both were very helpful and fast with whatever request you may have. Our room was supposed to be partial ocean view however we could not see the ocean and we kindly let our concierge know and he called us and left a message saying he had found us an ocean view room and we moved the next morning. Room service normally takes 30-45 minutes but was fine because there is no reason to be in a hurry on our honeymoon. The next two things are not reasons not to go to the resort because we really enjoyed both the food and entertainment but in some areas they could have been better but some were outstanding. Food- We found that a couple of the restaurants to just be slightly above average but the breakfast buffet at the world cafe, dinner at bordeaux, dinner at oceana, and lunch poolside at the buffet or being passed by servers were all outstanding. Entertainment- The entertainment staff was wonderful throughout the day and at night. The shows were good knowing that either guest were performing or a band that at the resort. We didn't really care for the Elvis performer but the rock show was very good for a resort show. I highly recommend this resort to anyone wanting a romantic getaway or for a honeymoon/anniversary trip. I do recommend booking a direct flight as well because we did not and that would have been the only thing that could have made our trip better.