My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach 5/31 - 6/5 2010. After reading all of the excellent reviews on TripAdvisor, we expected nothing but the best. Upon arrival we decided to upgrade to the Honeymoon Suite with an ocean view and whirlpool on our balcony. This was well worth the additional $$$. Our room was absolutely spectacular and I have zero complaints. The beach and pools are breathtaking and I could not have asked for anything more in these areas either. If these are the things you are looking for you will not be disappointed! However, I would like to express my opinion on the following: food quality, service, and activities. 1. My husband and I are admittedly spoiled by Dallas restaurants, but thought that the food quality was lacking. Each restaurant menu offers you a choice of appetizers, soups, entrees, and desserts that are intended to suit the individual retaurant's theme of French, Italian, Mexican, etc. However, we found that all of the food really tasted the same regardless of venue. We even ordered 2 different cuts of steak at the steakhouse, but ended up with the same lump of mystery meat covered in what appeared to be A1 sauce. I won't say that we weren't able to find anything to eat, but just expected better based on other reviews I had read. 2. Service at the resort varied greatly depending on the time of day. The bartenders and pool and beach staff were generally very attentive at the beginning of the day, but showed up less and less as the day progressed (despite continued tipping). If no one would come around to us mid-afternoon, we would often make the trip to one of the bars simply to be ignored for 10-20 mins at a time. This was despite having dollars visible in our hands. The outdoor bars all close by 6 pm and the staff was very quick to let you know that they did not intend to put in 1 minute more than they were required. The service was good in the restaurants, but not great. 3. I am married and in my late 20s and did not plan on going to Mexico to bar hop and go dancing all night. I did plan to spend most of my time simply relaxing and enjoying the sun. Please note though that this is pretty much all there is to do at the resort. Playa del Carmen is a $20 cab ride each way, but was a very welcome break from all the R&R a few days into our trip. I would definitely recommend an excursion or trip into town to break up the monotony of the quiet resort.