I want to start as many others have and just say that this is one of the best all-inclusives I've been to. What makes Secrets Maroma so great is the incredible service and the beautiful beach. That being said, it's still not going to Wow you as much as a top notch resort that is not "all-inclusive" so having the right expectations is important. My husband and I tend to not go to all-inclusives, but a few years ago, we had to change travel plans at the last minute due to a hurricane and ended up at Iberostar Paraiso Lindo right up the beach from Secrets. It was our first experience with "all-inclusive" and overall, we were surprised at the quality of the service and food at that resort. It set the bar pretty high for all-inclusives, especially the food in the ala carte restaurants. Our second try at all-inclusive was at a Riu in Cabo, and that was not such a good experience. We quickly saw they are not all as good as Iberostar. But now that I've been to Secrets, I'm ruined for any other AI resort I think! The staff are truly the best and will do anything for you. You don't even have to ask for refills on your drinks, as they will be there with another one before you get the chance. And although we tipped all the time, many others didn't, and everyone got the same level of service. So while I'm sure they appreciate your tips, they seem to be motivated to give great service regardless of tips. You won't feel pressured to tip anyone at this resort. We also loved that you don't have to wear those bracelets and you didn't have to make reservations for dinner. That made the week as carefree as possible. The food in the restaurants was good, although not always exceptional. There were a few things that were great, but also some things that were just ok. On balance though, we always got plenty to eat that we enjoyed. Oceana was my favorite and Portofino was my husband's. I do wish they would offer an ala carte restaurant for breakfast. I would really enjoy sitting by the pool/ocean in the morning and being waited on. Other than that, no real complaints about the food. I'm sure I put on pounds during my week there. Some of the best food was carried around to you at lunch time by the pool. I loved the tempura shrimp!!! You can ask for just about anything to be brought to your chair either by the pool or the beach during the day, so there is really no need to get up at all if you don't want. We didn't have any problem with getting a chair on the beach at a palapa. A couple of times if we waited until too late to go out to the pool, we needed the pool concierge to find us a spot with an umbrella, but he was always able to work his magic and find us a great spot. I really never found the reserving of chairs or pool floats that annoying, but things are a little slower now as it's the beginning of the off season. Secrets Maroma is a lovely resort and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, and for sure this is the only All-inclusive I want to go back to. I really miss it already!! The only real "con" I have for Secrets is the air conditioning. I don't know if that was just my building or even just my room, but the air condtioning was marginal, and could only cool the room down to about 78 degrees. (We were in Building 25, 4th floor). One night the temperature was above 80 degrees. I reported it, but it never really improved, and we were able to live with it so didn't make an issue out of it.