My Husband and I spent the week of May 17-May 24 at Secrets. My hubsband did a lot of research to give us the perfect honeymoon. Wr got the honeymoon package for free through our travel agent, I'm not sure it's worth the extra money, I was a little let down. Overall, we had an amazing time. The honeymoon package includes a 25 minute couples massage and a facial or salt scrub. They spa there is fantastic, we went three times. The seaweed wrap was by far the best! The honeymoon package also included champaign in your room upon arrival, a door banner, breakfast in bed, and a romantic beach dinner. The breakfast was a joke. You set up a time the day before and room service brings you breakfast to your room, not in bed. They brought us fruit, toast, pastries, coffe, and juice. I'm sure you could most likely request what you would like when you reserve, we did not. The romantic beach dinner didn't work out either, there were issues with the wind and rain the week we were there. However, most evenings it was due to wedding receptions. They did move the romantic dinners to the pool area. We couldn't even get that, ours was scheduled at the Itallian resturant. We did not make it to our romantic dinner, I got too much sun and was overly dehydrated. In my opinion the honeymoon package was okay, but it wasn't a may have in my book. We did do the preferred club option. This made sure we were in one of the buildings closer to the ocean. I would recommend doing this. They have a lounge with snacks and a bar. Upon arrival they take you to the main bar and you get a glass of champange and then they take you by golf cart to the check in. This was all nice. My biggest complaint about the entire experience was that we got to the hotel around 11am and did not get to out room until after 3pm. We also were not allowed to get into our suitcases, they were taken at the front entrance. Be sure to pack a swim suit or cool clothes in your bag that you plan to carry around for the day or get your stuff out at the airport. One more thing to stay away from I the gift registry on secrets site. The workers don't understand how it works and basically we just got a check in the mail upon our return. Although I've complained a lot it wa an amazing time it's just a good heads up on thing that would have made it better. I couldn't have asked for a better honeymoon and everyone was friendly and tried to be helpful!