At arrival, we rec'd the "free upgrade" everyone gets to a swimout room instead of the full oceanview room we paid for, which was not available. After some continued annoyance that this wasn't an upgrade for us (since we lost the view), we were offered a preferred club oceanview (minus the perks of course) for the remainder of our stay AFTER the first night in the swimout. Many postings I have read about this resort stress over the A/C and mosquito issues. Our room was an iceberg the entire time! Just keep the glass doors closed. A slight crack = A/C turning off. We saw 3 mosquitoes the entire trip. They spray everyday. Now to the room, we were thankful for the in-scents provided in the room bc it had a faint sour smell the entire trip. The concierge worked with us on correcting the odor, but no matter what we tried it didn't help. We knew we were moving the next day so we lit up the in-scents. The room itself was extremely clean (linens, towels, etc). We never could find the reason for the strange smell. At one point we asked for another swimout, but "none were available". I was determined to make this a romantic get-away, and not get upset. But some sort of compensation would have been greatly appreciated. Therefore, we loaded up on the in-scents. Note to self: never travel to a hotel without scented candles; none in the gift shop!! The sweet surprise was that we actually loved the swimout - even with NEVER getting my oceanview. It just literally left a sour taste in mouth. Back to the good though, between the common walkway and our pool was dense vegetation. This setup is around each building. I just don't recommend a room on either end of the buildings. We enjoyed keeping track of a sweet black and yellow bird plus all the lizards. The noise level was surprisingly low given that we were right next to the pool and beach. Hardly anyone used these swimouts! We had privacy everytime we used the pool. Another great bonus was that it was in complete shade in the late afternoon and evening after bathing all day by the beach. Great for star gazing, but the beach was still the perfect location for this. We ordered drinks to our room and had many fabulous evenings by our private pool. keep in mind: the public pools close everyday at 6 pm. The stairs. There is an elevator by the World Cafe. However, if you do not use it, get ready to climb. There are 3 flights of stairs to the lobby, most restaurants, the lounge bar, and most stores. The view is AMAZING from up top and very impressive from ground level looking up. We were in building 16 which was on the far end almost to the beach. After a long day at the beach, it got to be annoying to travel 3 times a day to the upstairs...hence some meals at room service. While the Dreams and Secrets resorts offer the same restaurants, they are NOT the same menus nor are they all open every night. Ask for the nights when you arrive. We fell in love with Bordeaux's at Dreams Riviera Cancun. However, it was only open one night during our stay there. When at the Secrets french restaurant, we were disappointed to find a different menu. We still had great food, but had hoped for the same meals. The seafood soup did not list all the ingredients and we didn't ask when ordering. The complete baby octopus was a shock. LOL! Room service also offered a greater selection than Dreams and was delivered piping hot to our secret box within a timely manner. Breakfast at the World Cafe is a must compared to room service. It is a gigantic spread of food at great quality. To broadly compare Secrets to the Dreams we visited: the beach was absolutely breath taking, the service was about the same (but staff wasn't as chatty - good and bad), the food was upscale, the atmosphere more sophisticated (almost too much for us simple folks), the decorations were beautiful, and the grounds were gorgeous!! It was very much a 5 star resort. Just disappointing that the smell issue couldn't be resolved. We still managed to have a fabulous vacation and were treated politely by all. Our privacy was respected and we were able to enjoy the time together. "It's a pleasure" is our coin phrase for both of our trips.