My husband and I honeymooned at Secrets Maroma Beach May 16th-May 22nd 2010 and absolutely loved it!! There were some cons, however they were not enough to keep us from wanting to return to the resort. The main con that we had was the pool and beach drink/food service. It was very, very slow and when you went to the bar yourself, it took a while before they would serve you there because they were making drinks for the servers to take to people. It seems like they could have used a lot more servers in the pool and beach area to accommodate everyone sufficiently. The food was a definite highlight! It is such an experience to be able to order a four-course meal every night for dinner and not worry about the bill!! And don't forget the room service too! One night we even ate at one of the restaurants and then later ordered room service! Our favorite restaurants were Himitsu (the pan-Asian) and Portofino (the Italian). Our least favorite was by far Bordeaux (the French)...neither one of us ate the appetizer or soup but the entrees did make up for it. As for tipping, we did tip every time someone brought us drinks however, it does not seem like they expect it, which is contrary to what other people had said about the resort. While tipping is a personal choice, we would recommend not tipping at the pool/beach (because it doesn't help you get drinks any faster or more often) or at the buffets (because the servers are only there to clear plates and bring you drinks). The service in the restaurants is very good and the servers are very deserving of tips there. While there are seven restaurants at this resort, only one of them serves breakfast and only two serve lunch. This was not a bad thing, however the breakfast buffet at World Cafe can get very busy. Most of the other restaurants open at 6:00 p.m. and the only one that you have to make reservations at is Himitsu if you want to sit at the hibachi grill. The chairs on the beach were another con of the resort. They were not very comfortable and some of them were broken. We would recommend going to the pool early and getting chairs at the infinity pool where you can see the ocean in the background! And these seats do go fast so get them early! Even though they say not to reserve seats, people do so you should too if you want a good seat for the day! We seriously saw people reserve two chairs in the morning, they came back after breakfast to check on them, and we never saw them there again...not sure where they were, but their stuff was still on the chairs. Also if you like to use the pool floats, there are not enough to go around so get those early too! If you enjoy your sleep at night, here are a few recommendations. First of all, the birds there are something to get used to with their high-pitched shrills going on all night. Second, we were in building 12 which is right next to the theater...bad idea if you like to sleep at night. When we finally got used to the birds, then we were woken up by people yelling and screaming at the theater. If you have the option, choose a building on the side opposite the theater (there are two rows of buildings). Overall this resort is well worth the money we spent on it. I spoke with a lady on the plane leaving Cancun and she said that she didn't like that there were so many hotels on the beach...Secrets Maroma however, is very secluded and tranquil. There was one day when we were walking on the beach and we were the only people on the beach! Also on a side note, the private transfer from the airport to the resort is definitely worth the money!!!!! We used Amstar and were thoroughly pleased. As we looked around us and saw all the other tourists cramming into vans with luggage piled everywhere, we were very glad that our transfer was private. It also gets you to the resort quicker because the other transfers stop at other resorts on the way. Hopefully this helps you in making your decision!! And if you haven't stayed at an all-inclusive before, definitely do it!! And this is a great one to start with!!