I'll start this review by saying I was very skeptical about going to an all-inclusive. I had previously been to another all-inclusive in the Riviera Maya, The Grand Oasis, and it was truly an awful experience. Even though Secrets is highly regarded and considered one of the elite all-inclusives, I still proceeded cautiously because I believed all-inclusives to generally be of a lower caliber. In other words, I thought I was going to be getting the "best of the worst," so to speak. Secrets definitely went a long way in bolstering my opinion of all-inclusives, but I still wouldn't perceive them as first rate. I note this because so much of perception is determined by expectations, and my were comparably low. Background ---------------- My (now) wife and I came to Secrets for our honeymoon arriving on May 3 and leaving on May 10. We stayed in a Preferred Swim Out Suite in building 17, which butts right up against the beach near the front of the resort. We had phenomenal weather for our entire stay meaning it was almost always cloudless, sunny, and warm. Room -------- Our room was nice, clean, and modern. The furniture and fixtures all felt like they were very high quality and the space was inviting. Everything in the room with the exception of the AC (more on that later) worked as expected and there weren't any maintenance hassles, bug problems, or anything out of the ordinary. The minibar was stocked once daily and the room was cleaned twice daily. The swim out suite had a nice feel to it, but in practice went largely unused -- most of the time we preferred to go to the beach or the main pool. We did, however, spend one entire morning just laying out by our private pool which provided some nice seclusion. The main drawback of the swim out suite is that it is on the ground level which means that any of the other guests can walk/swim by your room. This really wasn't a big issue, but there were a couple of times we felt our privacy was disrupted because of passers by. Beach/Pool ---------------- My wife and I preferred the beach to the pool, so that is where we spent most of our time relaxing. As many others have noted, the beach is very beautiful. The sand is fine and white and was always comfortable to walk on. The Caribbean is gorgeous in this area and has the picturesque azure waters that you see in the postcards. Secrets has a lot of thatch umbrellas set up on the beach, which provide the perfect shade for relaxing. We usually got out to the beach at around 10:15, at which time finding a spot was a bit of a challenge. We always managed to find something, but either it was far from the resort entrance or it was right next to someone else. Which brings me to a small side track. Most of the umbrellas on the beach are configured to support four chairs, two on each side. What happened a lot of the time, though, was a couple would sit on either side of the umbrella in the inner two chairs, thereby rendering the outer two chairs useless. I understand that this was probably intentional so a couple could have some privacy, but I would say that if you see another couple wandering the beach looking for a chair perhaps you could reconfigure. I'm not saying that you need to do this every time, but if everyone did it maybe once during their stay, I think there would be a lot less concern about obtaining a spot. They did a fantastic job with the pool and its layout, although it does seem a tad small for the resort. I believe had the pool been a fraction bigger, a lot of the seating issues could have been averted. That being said, we usually stopped by the pool for a bit in the afternoon after a day at the beach, at which time finding a spot wasn't too difficult. Food/Drink --------------- We found the food at Secrets to be fine, meaning that it wasn't overwhelmingly good or bad. More specifically, I would say that the food is hit-or-miss and if we sat down to a meal it was almost a guarantee that some things would be quite good while others would be mediocre. Breakfast at the buffet is good, and is probably the most dependable meal you'll eat during the course of the day. I say that because you largely control your own fate here. The options are vast and sometimes overwhelming, but most of the time we ended up eating at the crepe and omelet chef's stations, both which were very good. There was a nice selection of fresh fruit, all of which tasted good and was replenished often. The buffet itself was clean and well-maintained, with only a scant few areas neglected or disorganized. I note this last part because I am easily disgusted by untidy or neglected buffet stations, but Secrets managed to keep everything well within my comfort zone. We tried a lot of different things for lunch, and some definitely worked better than others. The buffet wasn't particularly good because it seemed to have a bit of an identity crisis -- it was somewhere between lunch and dinner, and the dishes were usually a bit too much for lunch. The Seaside Grill was nice, but again was a bit too much for lunch. Your best bet is probably to eat at the outdoor grill or on the beach, where they serve simple but good fare -- tacos, hot dogs, burgers, etc. For dinner we ate at all of the restaurants but the seafood restaurant, and the results were almost invariably the same: one of us liked our dish, the other thought theirs was just okay. Dinner, more than any other meal, was very hit-or-miss. The reason I think this happens is because a lot of the dishes on Secrets' menu are too ambitious. Indeed, this is a criticism that I level against not just Secrets, but a lot of restaurants in general. Places like Secrets try to do too much with their cuisine and then fail to execute. I will never understand this. Why not try and take a simple dish and make it delicious instead of trying to make a complex dish that can't be executed? It makes no sense, and it translates into a lot of failures. Don't get me wrong: I love gourmet food and haute cuisine, but it's nothing if it doesn't taste good. All that being said, none of it was awful but sometimes it either wasn't quite right or just flat out bland. There were a couple of theme nights that I believe are every week, Mexican Night and Caribbean Night. The food at Mexican Night was some of the best we ate all week and is not to be missed. The food at Caribbean Night was quite the opposite, though, and should definitely be skipped. I would describe the alcohol as more "medium shelf" than top shelf. You'll recognize most of the brands and almost everything was fine for mixed drinks, but you're not going to find any single malt scotches. The cocktails were generally good, and some of the tropical specialties like the Mojito or Mango Tango are very nicely done. We found the house wines were fine with dinner, and especially enjoyed the Cabernet. There's not a lot more to say about the booze, other than it is plentiful and satisfactory. Service ---------- Secrets is well staffed and the service is generally very good. The staff is friendly, polite, and attentive. We were serviced regularly at the beach and pools, and never really felt wanting for anything. There was one odd quirk of the service that got a bit grating after a while, which is that they have clearly been trained to use the phrase "it's a pleasure" in place of "you're welcome." At first I thought this to be kind of a pleasant touch, but after a while it seemed ridiculous -- nonsensical almost -- when, for example, you were told it was a "pleasure" to refill your glass of water at the dinner table. We only used room service a couple of times, and when we did it worked out well enough. One night we were sitting in our room playing cards and we drank all the beer in our minibar. We called room service and they promptly delivered us more beer, noting they would bring us as much as we needed. My wife also desired some vinegar as a home remedy for sunburn, and they happily delivered it to us. The one time we ate room service for a meal, it took a bit long to get delivered but was still hot and tasty. Maybe I took the Preferred Club services for granted, but I couldn't really find much benefit in them. The Preferred Club itself was a bit confusing, because it didn't really seem to provide any extra services beyond a different place to check-in. For example, we went there for breakfast once and it only contained a subset of what was provided at the buffet. I know one of the perks was the upgraded minibar, but beyond that I couldn't really recognize any of the benefits. Activities/Entertainment -------------------------------- We didn't do too many of the club-run activities, but they all seemed to be pretty half-hearted. The one night we actually did decide to do an activity, Karaoke, it was a bit of a letdown. It seemed that no one wanted to sing and the entertainment staff was hell-bent on ending the thing as quickly as possible. I managed to get a song in but my wife had the songbook taken away so they could abruptly end the evening. I would say that if you like good entertainment or a lot of stuff to keep you occupied, you should probably look elsewhere. The nightly movies were a nice touch, though, and they seem to play recent movies that were just released on DVD. We, for example, watched the new "Sherlock Holmes." All facilities for workout, pool (biliards), ping-pong, tennis, basketball, etc. all looked to be in good working order and very usable. The one time we went to the dance club, Desires, it was just a lot of people spectating while the only people dancing was the entertainment crew. I'm sure some nights there are people out there getting their groove on, but something tells me that the usual Secrets crowd is the clubbing type. We opted not to use the spa because it seemed very expensive. I personally have never been to a spa, so I don't have any frame of reference, but my wife assured me that the prices were quite high and decided it wasn't worth it. I will note here that our travel agent got us credits that we could use towards the spa, but you could only use up to so much per treatment. So don't plan on using all of your credits towards the spa unless you plan on getting numerous treatments over the course of your stay. AC ---- I'm giving the AC its own section because it was a perpetual problem during our stay, and it deserves to stand out for posterity. On the first day after we arrived, I started noticing that the room was feeling a bit warmer and more humid than it was at first. It wasn't too overwhelmingly hot, but there was definitely more humidity. The next day, we called down to the front desk and they said there was a hotel-wide problem with the air conditioning and that it would be fixed soon. The day after that, we called down again and they said it would be fixed in a couple of days. In actuality, the air conditioning didn't get fixed until our very last day at the hotel, meaning that it was broken for most of our stay. I think the air conditioning was actually operating at maybe 20% or so capacity, because they managed to keep the room just cool enough so as not to be intolerable. It hovered around 79 the entire stay with more humidity than is usually considered comfortable, but we were still able to sleep and hang out without too much fuss. The worst part about the dysfunctional AC was the public areas -- the lounge, the buffet, etc. -- were borderline uncomfortable. It's one of those things that I didn't really notice that much until it was back, and then I realized how nice it was. Some of the other guests were up in arms about the AC, and understandably so, but personally it didn't bother me enough to detract from the overall experience. I mostly note it here because if it becomes a perpetual issue for Secrets Maroma Beach, it should definitely influence future Tripadvisor readers. It's also the primary reason I couldn't give Secrets a full five stars. Conclusion --------------- Secrets Maroma Beach provided exactly what we wanted in a honeymoon -- beautiful beach, relaxing atmosphere, worry-free food and activities, and luxurious amenities. If you need time to sit at the beach with a novel and sip a tropical cocktail, this place is practically perfect.