First of all, this place is amazing. It is so beautiful here. The beach is amazing, the resort is beautiful everywhere you look. The landscaping is amazing and well manicured. The food is also very good. I had read a lot of reviews here about the food being bad and I was shocked at how inaccurate that was. I am from Boston, with the finest cuisine available to me at all times and I thought the food at Secrets was good. The service here is wonderful. We met a few of the staff while we were here and they really took care of us. Take some time to get to know these people, they work really hard to make you happy. They also appreciate a few dollars here and there and are so appreciative. DO NOT MISS THE COCONUT ICE CREAM. If you are a coconut person, make sure you try it. It's available through room service and the Seaside Grille. The italian place has a great eggplant appetizer, lasagna, and tiramisu. The french place had an amazing veal chop, and creme brulee ... Oceana had a wonderful surf n turf... you get the idea. The World Cafe has an excellent breakfast. There is something there for everyone, you would be hard pressed to try everything on that buffet during one visit to this place. Room service is excellent... always came to us within a half hour and fresh... even when we ordered ice cream! (which was like, every day.) The beach is amazing, and the pool is too. The drinks are great here. The crowd here is what I would call mature. This is not the spring break crowd, and we liked that. There are no creepy people at this resort, just normal couples and groups wanting to relax and have a good time. This was a very relaxing place where entertainment is available to you, not pushed in your face. If you wanted quiet time, you had it. If you wanted activities or something to do, you had it. The SPA is amazing here... truly an experience... This was our first all inclusive experience, and from my research here and what I have heard, this is one of the best places out there. Now the minor details: There was a major air conditioning issue while we were there and was not resolved while we were there... it was very hot outside and very hot inside. We made the best of it, we spent most of our time outside of course. But getting ready for dinner was very hot. Also, there was a cockroach in our room. A large one, too. It was laying on it's back, half dead, so that tells me they do spray for such insects, but really... this should not be in such a highly rated resort. To put this into perspective, we were able to shrug these things off because everything else was so unbelievably fantastic. We will be back to this resort, for sure.