My wife and I spent five nights at the SMB 04/29/1005/03/10, our first visit to this resort. Similar resorts in Mexico we visited within the past three years include the Royal PDC and the RIU PP in Nuevo Vallarta. The SMB was at 85% occupancy during our stay. Arrival and Check-In  We used Cancun Transfers and they were very prompt for both arrival and departure. The drive to/from the airport was around 25 minutes. Check in and out of the resort was quite easy. Room  We were in Preferred Room #2545 (fourth floor) and the room and view were extremely nice. Minor complaints were -  noisy air conditioner (which I fixed by adjusting the vents)  coffee maker did not work  bathroom electrical outlet was detached from the wall  door was often extremely difficult to open The bedding was very comfortable, and the resort offers four different pillow types (upon request) if the standard pillows are not comfortable. Our room was generally cleaned twice daily. As other reviewers have noted on the preferred rooms, the outdoor tub is a waste of balcony space. Restaurants and Food  We found the food at the ala carte restaurants to be very good. The breakfast buffet was also good. There are several lunch options. Of note   There was no buffet in the evening during our stay. For us, this prevented the late-night desert-thing (which we generally enjoy). The World Caf was either closed or used for private events every evening we were there.  At every restaurant (including the breakfast buffet), the hostess requires room number and name before you can be seated; this info verified by the hostess on a preprinted list of guests. After providing/verifying this info, the hostess escorts you to a table, welcomes you to the restaurant, informs you of your waiters name, and mentions a few other tidbits of information. We found this practice somewhat/very annoying and could not determine why this was done. Annoying because it took much time to do (leaving others in line to wait), and we could not determine a business/management reason for this time-consuming procedure.  We ate lunch at the Seaside Grill two days, although the outdoor grill (open daily from noon until about 3:30; not on the resorts website) serves basically the same items, if not more (ribs and steaks, for example). Plus, as other reviewers have mentioned, one can eat lunch simply by sampling the various items brought to you by the staff; quite plentiful, especially the taco-cart.  The resorts website is not accurate re: dining times and the like. The best info for dining options is to refer to the resorts daily list of activities, provided by the maid or at the front desk, which provides accurate information. Service and Staff  While for the most part friendly and accommodating, we found the service and staff somewhat lacking, especially for a resort of this price and caliber. Pool and beach service was hit and miss: at times extremely efficient at other times poor. The same was true at the restaurants. It would have been nice to have service (even for water or sodas, let alone drinks) offered on a more consistent basis. We never met our concierge as he was never at his desk. At the pool/beach, and at the restaurants, consistency of service was an issue at the SMB during our stay. Mixed Drinks  Not being heavy drinkers, we were still surprised at the low-level of alcohol in the drinks. In visits to other resorts, we usually request a little, un puco, alcohol in our drinks. Such a request was not required at the SMB. Mosquitoes  The mosquitoes were a brief issue our first night, when we ate at the outdoor Seaside Grill. Fortunately for all, the waiters had repellant they gave to the guests. We did not have a problem with mosquitoes at any other time. I saw a resort employee apparently spraying for mosquitoes three of the five nights we were there, so it appears they are trying to eliminate this concern. However, I do advise bring repellants, just in case. Suntan Lotion/Gift Shop  Make sure you bring plenty of your own suntan lotion. We noted in the gift shop that a standard bottle of suntan lotion was $240-$260 pesos, regardless of the SPF coverage. Towel Game/Pool Umbrellas/Floats  Pool loungers with umbrellas were available until about 9:30am during our stay; little luck thereafter. There was a bit of a towel game going on, but nothing unreasonable. I will comment that while the resort offers many poolside umbrellas, it is short by only 20 or so, to provide every pool location with an umbrella. Shade is at a premium by the pools. Too bad they cannot invest just a bit more to provide every spot with an umbrella. Ask a waiter or any other employee for a blue pool float and they will provide you with one. Many guests felt that once they had a float, it was theirs for the entire day, despite posted signs stating otherwise. For the most part, we rarely had a problem obtaining a float. Beach  It was extremely windy for four of our five days, thus limiting our beach experience. But, the beach at the SMB is nothing less than the best. I would absolutely love to return during a better/less windy time to fully take-in one of the best beaches I have ever seen. Entertainment  The SMB offers nightly entertainment, but I would rate it an F. A movie is shown nightly in the theater, followed by a show. These shows were sparsely attended, with good reason. The Desires disco usually opened at around 10:30. There was occasional live music in the lobby. I will give huge props, however, to the Karaoke show in the Disco while we were there. I witnessed the greatest performance of the song Mony Mony that can be witnessed. Tipping  I am constantly amazed at the lack of tipping at these resorts. My two cents: the girl making the omelets at the breakfast buffest works and sweats for several hours straight, all the while putting up with crazy requests for omelet ingredients. IMHO, she deserves a big-time tip (as do all other waiters, maids, cooks, hostesses, etc). It is my understanding that most workers at these resorts make about $20 (USD) per day. We pay around $200-$300 per day, if not more, just to be there. A few extra dollars per day to tip these hard working individuals can surely go a long way for them. English/Spanish - We speak zero Spanish, but of our Mexican resort experiences, the English/Spanish gap at this resort was quite noticeable. The front desk personnel were mostly fluent in English, but everywhere else: not so much. The majority of the clientele at resorts such as the SMB are English-speaking. I found it a bit odd that the SMB, a resort that prices itself to be an upper-end resort, was lacking in this area. Overall  If I could take the service at the Royal PDC and RIU PP, combine it with the food and the location/beach of the SMB, and then add the entertainment at the RIU PP, I think I would have the perfect resort. Please let me know with any questions. CS