We spent a week at Secrets Maroma and really enjoyed ourselves. The resort is fairly new (2-3 years old), in great shape and nicely landscaped. Reviews can be so subjective (one man's garbage can be another man's treasure) but I will do my best to be impartial. In the past 5 years we have stayed at Secrets Capri, Excellence Riviera Cancun, Royal Hideaway, Iberostar Grand Paraiso, Royal Playa del Carmen and this place. If I had to rank them it would be Grand(#1) and then a tie between Royal Hideaway and Secrets Maroma, although all of them are great places in their own ways. The beach is very nice, with powdery sand and clean. The water was a bit rough during our stay. Lots of chairs and shade and a bar right on the beach so bar service isn't lacking there. The beach is very walkable in bot directions with other resorts (Maroma Spa & Resort being one) on one side and jungle on the other. We stayed in a building (#12) that was farthest from the beach but had a great view from the 4th floor. We did not ask for any upgraded room and were very comfortable with their basic room. We reported a clogged drain in the shower one morning and it was fixed in the hour with no recurrence of the problem. Maid service came around noon and we didn't want maid service at night... only got one piece of towel art... boohoo. LOL The lobby area is very nice and we would go there for a drink before dinner, which is also where most of the restaurants are located. We had no problems waiting long to get into any restaurant until mid week, which is when an Insurance company descended on the resort. After that we would simply go to the restaurant and leave our name, they gave us a "buzzer" to buzz us when our table was ready, and we went back to the lobby bar to have a drink, wait and listen to the singer in the lobby. Most times the wait was only 30 minutes, maybe 45 minutes at their busiest. I found they overstated the wait times so you would be glad when when the buzzer went off "early", which it did every time for us. The food everywhere we went was quite good. Portofino's was our favorite. The food is similar to what you would find on a good cruiseline, or slightly better in some cases. The house wine is another story. It is one notch above homemade wine, which is not very good in my opinion. If you make (and drink) your own wine you will probably like theirs. I didn't so I ordered off the extra$ winelist. They listed several good bottles at "reasonable" prices but they were sold out of these the entire week. I ended up paying for a higher end bottle which annoyed me a little. The service at dinner was very good. The nightlife here was some of the best we experienced in our stays in this area. Very energetic nightclub while we were there. Most of the other resorts did not get good attendance for their nighttime activities. There are 2 pools near the beach, one heated and one a fair bit cooler and unheated. I liked that as I like to cool off after laying in the sun for hours. The pool staff do a pretty decent job of discouraging lounger saving. There are planty of loungers but if you weren't using your sun umbrella the staff would ask if they could take it for someone who wanted shade. They also asked you to keep the pool floats on the edge of the pools and not tucked up by your lounger. I liked this touch as it prevented selfish people from being float hoarders. they would do their best to get you an umbrella or float if they could. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would recommend this place to our friends without hesitation. My only criticism is the wine and conventions. It isn't that hard to offer some drinkable wine at the same pricepoint as their included house wine. I suspect they don't so they can sell you the better (drinkable) stuff. The feel of the resort changed midweek after the convention of 100 or more arrived. It went from a relaxing, quiet resort to something close to a spring break crowd. This stuff happens more and more and aside from staying at smaller resorts that don't allow conventions, I'm not sure what to suggest. This is still a very nice resort and although there can always be an isolated incident anywhere, I can't imagine anyone having a legitimate complaint about Secrets Maroma in general. Enjoy your vacation!