Before we chose Secrets Maroma, we read over 1,000 reviews on Trip Advisor. We were quite concerned about the inconsistency of the reviews  the mediocre food quality, pool game, the lack of hot water. Now Im hoping to give my input into each of these things and to develop as comprehensive of a review as a can.  The Beach: Everyone was consistently correct that the beach and ocean waters were amazing. White sandy beached, clear warm water, no rocks are trash on the beach. Comparable to an Anguilla and genuinely awesome.  The pool: There were two big pools. One was heated and one was not. Both were stunning and excellent to swim in. My one big negative is around the pool game, something that I will address later on.  The Grounds: Some people argued that the grounds werent properly manicured. Here I would have to disagree. They were well manicured enough. Each day I saw no less than 10 grounds keepers working on the grounds.  The Room: The rooms were very nice. Very well appointed, and clean. The hot water was NOT an issue. The air conditioning was perfect to always ensure that the room wasnt humid or hot. The turn down service was inconsistent, but when they did it, it was very romantic. The TV channels were wimpy and the pay per view was too expensive and had poor quality. The beds were a bit stiff and therefore weren't as relaxing as we had hoped.  The Food: In my opinion, the food was neither bad nor good, but consistently average. When the food was above average it had good flavor and a unique presentation. When it was below average, it usually lacked flavor. My favorite strategy was to ask the waiter what he recommends. Usually, they helped us make sound choices. There were 5 or so restaurants  Asian, French, Mexican, Italian, Seafood, and Steak. In my opinion, none was better than the other. The one exception was that the beef was consistently good.  The Spa: Aside from being expensive, the spa was nice enough. The presentation was very mood setting and the attendants were very attentive.  The Service: I was blown away with the level of service at the resort. Everyone went over backwards to make sure were comfortable. And unlike some earlier complaints, issues were dealt with in a timely manner. A big thanks to Roberto, Paulo, Mario, Darwin and Alejandro.  The Drinks: While there were many complaints, I didnt have any about the drinks. Yes, they were light on alcohol, but Im in the minority that thinks that is a good thing. Think about it. Were in 90 degree weather baking under the hot sun. You can have as many drinks as you can handle. Could you imagine if every drink was a double? I think the resort does that to pace resort-goers. A few of whom were often drunk and passed out anyway. I think their practice is sound. As you can see, I have quite a bit of positive things to say about the resort. As with any experience, there are also negatives. Although relatively minor, they are certainly worth mentioning.  The Patio Game: Every morning at 7am some resort-goers would wake up, set a flip flop down on a chair and then leave for the rest of the day. So by 8am, every beach chair was completely gone. This was extremely frustrating and out of control.  The coupons: At the beginning of the stay, they graciously offered us $200 in coupons. Although this turned out to be a bit of a scam. None of these coupons could be used together so, in essence, they really work as a % off of things you wouldnt have purchased in the first place. For instance, you can use $40 worth of coupons on spa treatments, only if the service is more than $200. So, really its a 20% of coupon. Surprise!  The merchants: About halfway through the trip, the resort let in a bunch of vendors from the city. They were pestering and obnoxious. Part of the reason why I did a resort was to avoid these kinds of merchants.  Tipping: Everyone seemed to tip although it was supposedly not required or suggested. It felt awkward not to do the same. I also wondered if my service was hindered by that fact.