First, let me say that my wife and I had a wonderful overall experience, and I would recommend Maroma Beach to others. When we arrived and looked around, my wife wondered why it was not classified as a 5-start hotel. That being said, our stay began with a number of little things that caused me to reply to my wife's question. In the first 36-hours of our six-night stay, the following things occurred, albeit minor in the big scheme of things: Central concierge never called back regarding our request for a restaurant reservation. There was no soap in our room (first night only) We requested turn down service before 9pm. The maid knocked on our door to provide service at 9:50pm. Sitting in the lobby before dinner, a waitress took our drink order, but when asked after 15 minutes, she said she had forgotten our order. Twenty minutes in the buffet, no waiter had appeared to take our drink orders. There seemed to be a mixup on who's table we were. On the first morning there were no chairs under the palapas, and no chairs by the pool. People were obviously saving them with towels and books. We found we needed to get there before 8:30am to do the same. On the 2nd night, we were told we had reservations for a different restaurant that night They provided a nice complimentary bottle of champagne in the room for our Anniversary, but were early by one day. Once again, these are very minor issues, simply mentioned in that it can make the difference between a 5-star stay and a 4.5 start stay. OK, now for the good news. After the first 36 hours or so, everything went smoothly and there was not a single problem whatsoever. We were very happy with the accommodations. The room was well appointed and CLEAN, the food was very good and well presented, the buffet for breakfast and lunch provided many good selections. The concierge assigned to our building was extremely friendly and helpful. The beach is beautiful, soft white sand. The pools are nicely done, and the grounds were lush . You certainly cannot complain about drink service without having to get up from your lounger, and chefs in white hats coming around with hors d'oeuvres. Drinks were top shelf, though we didn't care for the house wines. Then again, wine isn't as important when you can order anything you want, anytime. Lots of things going on, esp. for younger adults (beach volleyball, pool volleyball, beach games, bungee jump, pool bingo, movies in the theater as well as a comedian). There were two theme buffet dinners, though I'd skip the 2nd one's entertainment. We preferred trying the restaurants, especially the French, Italian and the Japanese Hibachi.