My wife and I were looking forward to a romantic and relaxing vacation together and we could not have been happier with the decision to visit Secrets Maroma. The hotel and grounds of this resort were immaculate, and as beautiful as the photos are on the website it still didn't do it justice. Upon arrival we were greeted with cool towels and chilled champagne and a welcoming from staff that made us feel like family. Check-in was quick and hassle free, we were in our room in less then thirty minutes after arriving. The room was absolutely beautiful, clean, spacious and tastefully decorated; our concierge gave us a run down of the room detailing all of its features and making sure it met our expectations before he left. Throughout our stay our room was always as clean as when we first arrived. I could not compliment the staff enough for the service we recieved whether at the beach, pool, restaurants or bars the staff were there to cater to our desires and needs. We have been to other resorts and the entertainment crew would push you to get involved in activities; we were happy not to be pressured into joining activities but at the same time thrilled by all the activities that were offered theoughout our entire stay. I have to give Paula props for making all of her events enjoyable she has a wonderful personality that make you feel like you have been friends your whole life, a very rare quality these days. Being a chef I didn't have great expectations for the food after visiting other resorts in the past kind of set the tone for what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised when we had our first dinner at Portifinos they served a wonderful seafood risotto followed by a delicious grouper entree. Room service menu was also very good with choice of many selections and prompt service. One negative is that you leave with your clothes feeling tighter then when you arrived but what the hell you're on vacation. My only complaint would have to be desserts which in my opinion were lacking on quality but no more then cruise ships and previous resorts we vacationed with. Drinks were fantastic no watered down alcohol here and no skimping when it came to pouring, you can also request high end liquors to suit your taste. Pools were beautiful but the beach was spectacular, incredibly clean, powder white sand on the shore and in the water. No jagged rocks to deal with when entering the water like some other places we have visited. Bar service was as good on the beach as it was at poolside. The waters of the Cribbean were bluer then blue, warm and inviting with a gentle surf. Couldn't get enough of this beach, you have to experience it yourself to understand. We just got back a couple of days ago and can't stop thinking of it and talking about it. We are already trying to figure out when our next trip back will be. One thing for sure is that it can't be soon enough. I just want to thank the staff at Secrets for giving us a wonderful and memorable time.