My wife and I and another couple recently spent 6 nights at Maroma. (Actually we were there for 6 nights, they were there for 4 nights. We have been in many high end resorts and have traveled extensively, as well as living overseas for extended periods of time, so we have something to compare Maroma to.) We stayed in a Swim Out Preferred Room very close to the pool area which was nicely done, but could use some upgrading. (Tiles were missing in the bath and a table needed to be replaced; both minor issues.) Overall, we loved the hotel. The grounds are beautiful and the staff was absolutely wonderful as was the service. The pool area was magnificant and the beach immaculate. Having said that, there were a number of things that could have been better, most especially the food which was just passable at best. Everything we ate, with the exception of breakfast which was great and the small amount of food cooked on the beach (not more than enough to feed 25 if that) and some of the items at the Barefoot Grill by the pool area, tasted the same and was bland. We understand that there is a need to make food that satisfies large numbers of diverse tastes, but having no spices is not the manner in which to do it. This was our biggest disappointment as we are definately foodies. (I asked a number of other people how they felt about the food and many, not all, said the same thing.) Our check-in went very well except for the fact that we had to wait an hour and a half PAST the time that our room was to be ready! The staff at the Preferred Room check-in area couldn't have been nicer, but that doesn't excuse the lapse in service. We were not the only ones on that or other days to go through this as I discovered when I asked around. A number of couples, including 2 couples that were there with us, waited far longer to get into their rooms. Our other major gripe was the time it took to make our room up every day. Other than a single day when I complained, our room was never made up before 3:30 or 4:00. That is very late in the day especially at a beach resort where people like to go back and nap or just hang out before dinner. There were some other smaller things like the lack of hair conditioner and the lack of consistancy in the replacement of personal care products that can be ovelooked. That can happen anywhere. For the first time EVER, I felt compelled to write a note to both the Preferred Room Manager and hotel General Manager nicely making some of the comments I have made above. That was almost a week ago. I don't know if I should expect to hear from them or not. I haven't so far. It's a tossup as to whether we would return to the Maroma. I might, but my wife is more negative. Our friends are iffy as well. That is really too bad as all of us loved the physical and service aspects of the hotel.