My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach last week for 6 nights. I regularly checked the Tripadvisor comments before we went, which I found very helpful, but now I would like to add my own two cents. BEACH- Absolutely the best beach that I have ever been to, and I have been to some amazing beaches in Mexico, the Caribbean and elsewhere. White sand, no rocks, warm clear water. There are also plenty of palapas to get some shade, but you should get there early, as they fill up by late morning. The friendly staff also brings drinks out to you from mid-moring for the rest of the day. I can't say one bad thing about the beach. BEER- I was always curious about what type of beer they had. They have Corona on tap, and Modelo Especial, Negro Modelo, Pacifico, Corona Light, Bud and Bud Light in cans. LIQUOR- They do have some high-shelf (but not top shelf) liquors if you ask for them including Jack Daniels, Aboslute, Stoli, Bombay Affire, Barcardi, Crown Royal, and Johnnie Walker Black. They also have a good selection of tequila including different types of Cuervo 1800. WINE- The house wine is mid-to-low level Chilean wine including Chardonnay, Cabernet, and Savignon Blanc- drinkable, but not too good. They have a good amount of wine for sale by the bottle, but with a 200% mark-up. FOOD- This was my biggest disappointment. Breakfast was good (decent variety, good quality) and Lunch was good as well (outdoor grilled meat, salsa, sides, etc...), however dinner was disappointing. Why do people feel the need for French, Asian, Italian, American Steakhouse and new cuisine when they are spending a week in MEXICO? Other than room service, you could not find traditional Mexican food for dinner. Sure, the staff was great and did an admirable job with what they had at hand, but it just seemed so wrong. Maybe I'm spoiled because I live in Boston and have top-notch dining and amazing variety here at home, but I really didn't see the point in traveling all the way to the Yucatan to have (sorry) second-rate Italian/French/Asian food and no options for good, simple, well-prepared Mexican food (I'm not sure what El Patio was, but it wasn't Mexican food- Rick Bayless would have been shocked). Are we Americans and Europeans really that lame that we need a rich man's version of a mall food court or we get bored and cranky? Please. Nothng at all against the staff and quality of food, just the format. ROOMS- Despite what people say, the ocean-view rooms really ARE ocean view. Our view was incredible. POOL- Nice, big pool, but why go to one of the most stunning beaches in the world and stay at the pool? ENTERTAINMENT- Unless you've been just released from prison, are over 85 and dememted, or never leave your house, the night time entertainment was lowest-common-denominator rubbish. Unless you have the need to be constantly entertained, you should have no problem having fun between the bars and beach at night. By the way, Desires is a dance club- not a sports bar at all. MISC- If you eat at the Barefoot Grill and are planning to go back to the beach towards the southern end of the resort, bring along an extra hot dog or burger for the local dog family.