My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach Resort in the first week of March, 2010. Travel arrangements through Air Canada Vacations. Our flight was delayed 3 hours and arrived in Cancun about 6:00 pm. We waited outside the Cancun airport for about an hour for a van to the resort. It was about a 30-minute drive to the resort. The resort is located east of an ecological reserve, so a portion of the road from the highway to the resort is quite rough. Once we got to the resort gates, we realized we were in a high-class place. Very nice initial impressions. Check-in was a breeze and we were soon escorted to our swim-up suite. Very nice room, with lots of space, high-quality furniture and fixtures. One complaint with room is the alarm clock did not work, but who needs an alarm on a vacation? Other reviewers have commented on the lack of privacy for bathroom, and it is true. It might be an issue for the shy or perhaps newlyweds, but we have been married almost 30 years, so no big deal. Pillows were odd-shaped and not too comfortable, but the bed was fine. The water in our swim-up pool was very cold, so we did not use it during our stay, which was very disappointing. We complained a few times and were told they were working to fix it, but it did not get fixed during our stay. Our building concierge eventually contacted hotel management and we were provided a small refund (about US$150) to make up for the inconvenience. We accepted the refund, of course, but were still disappointed with the lack of performance of the maintenance crew in a resort that is barely 2 years old. Next time we would not bother and would stay in an upper level room, with a view. The grounds are constantly being upgraded by the gardeners and look great. We also enjoyed seeing some of the local wildlife (racoon, iguanas, pelicans, songbirds). The rest of our stay was as expected: Top quality food and service at all times, especially in the Japanese, Italian and World Cafe restaurants. The one exception is the Mexican-theme restaurant (El Patio), which has a bizarre menu. When did Cornish game hen become a Mexican dish? Otherwise, the food choices, quality, presentation and taste were outstanding. My wife was happy with the house wine, so we did not purchase any of the fancier wines, although some other guests said their selection was good. I am more of a beer fancier, and they had the selections I wanted. We mainly stayed near the pool (except for our frequent beach walks) and were well attended by the friendly waiters and waitresses. We usually showed up to the pool area about 10:00 AM and never had a problem finding loungers with comfortable pads. We went to the gym one morning, but it is too small for a resort of this size. 3 treadmills, 3 cross-trainers, 2 exercise bikes, a few weight machines, small weight/stretch area are just not enough for a resort that prides itself on service. This needs to be improved substantially. Instead of working out in the gym, we went on a beach walk or two each day. The food service near the pool is outstanding, with regular offerings from the kitchen, plus decent choices at the beach (grilled food and paella) plus near the pool. Entertainment staff work very hard to keep the guests entertained, both during the day and at night. We attended a few shows at night and they were fun. Overall, we were impressed and will likely go back again in fall 2010 or winter 2011.