I read the reviews of Secrets Maroma Beach on TripAdvisor, like so many others here. We just got back this past Friday, and there really wasn't much to complain about at all - and I looked for flaws. We started with a nice, quick and painless check-in. I had been bracing myself for an ordeal based on what I read here, but it took all of 10 minutes before the bellhop was taking my luggage to suite 1411. We had opted for the swim-out pool, and LOVED it. I rarely saw anybody using theirs, which really didn't make much sense to me. The water was nicer than that in the main pool, and I liked the privacy. In our opinion, definitely worth the extra money. From what I saw of the Preferred Club swim-out suites on the beach, there was little privacy and I would have been disappointed with the location. I have to echo the sentiments of so many others who have stated the Preferred is just not worth paying extra for. The resort is beautiful and kept clean. I'm not sure how some have complained about the landscaping - the grounds crew do a pretty good job and most of the property is stunning. The beach itself was everything that was advertised. The one little gripe I had is that it was often very windy on the beach, and the water was very rough. Certainly not the fault of the Secrets team, but just something I figured I would include. We didn't really notice that much of an issue with the poolside chairs; one more than one occasion I was able to get a chair in the middle of the afternoon with little to no problem. The staff were all very nice and courteous - no complaints here as far as that is concerned. Tip your waiters, bellhops etc. These people really do make your stay that much better and it is the least you can do - especially when you see the state of the country outside of the resort zones. While we really just took advantage of the near-perfect weather and didn't do much in the way of activities, we both really enjoyed the Tequila tasting class with Fernando. Not only was it a lot of fun, but we both learned a lot about the different kinds of tequila and how to drink it properly. If you're only going to do one thing, this is it. It took about an hour total, and was well worth the time. Great job by Fernando! As for complaints, I would have two. Firstly, the plumbing situation. We were on the ground floor and did not experience any issues with hot water. However, the stand-up shower never really drained correctly resulting in taking a shower and bath at the same time. Additionally, one day the entire resort apparently woke up with no hot water. This was fixed by midday though. Not terrible by any means, but I can understand how some of these little things start to add up for some people and ultimately detract from the experience. For us, it was really not a big deal and more of a minor annoyance. The second problem we had was the food. Definitely not horrible as some have insinuated. We enjoyed El Patio the most, followed by Himitsu and the Seaside Grill. I was extremely disappointed with Portofino, but that may be due to my Italian heritage and the fact that I have been spoiled with world-class Italian cuisine living just outside of Manhattan my entire life. The breakfast at World Cafe was everything you could want and more. In all, I think some upgrades to the dining experience are in order. It was often good, but many people are looking for great when staying at a resort such as this. I would highly recommend Secrets Maroma Beach to all my friends and family. Though there is room for improvement, this place hits the mark far more often than it misses. I would go back in a heartbeat, and I think that is ultimately what speaks volumes.