Just got back last evening. The beach is beautiful and the water is a clear blue. The pool area is lovely. There are very comfortable chaise lounges all around the pool. You do have to claim pool lounges early in the morning. We didn't sit at the beach because it was windy, so I cannot tell you about those lounges. The landscaping is just beautiful, and the groundskeepers are constantly working on it. The staff is incredibly warm and helpful. Our concierge, V, was very sweet. Jesus, in the Preferred Club, was very helpful as well. As far as the food goes, it was a bit inconsistent. There were some things that were excellent, such as the tenderloin at the Mexican restaurant, the olive oil and cheese at the Italian restaurant, and the grouper special at the seafood restaurant. But then there certain items like the soup at the Italian restaurant that were not very good, to say the least.The outdoor grill at the pool was fine for lunch and the waiters came around with other foods. The breakfast every day at the World Cafe was excellent. The Japanese restaurant was fun. We sat at the hibachi table. While not as good as the ones at home (the sauces and dressing were completely different,) we really enjoyed the show our chef put on. The rooms are beautiful. The beds are comfortable. (I wished I had brought my own hairdryer. ) Our housekeeper did a very good job. One problem that really put a damper on things for us was that we just could not get hot water. We were on the top floor. Our concierge, V, really kept on top of it, but they just could not seem to fix the problem. So instead "I am going to take a nice hot shower" it was "Oh no, I have to take a shower." The last evening (We were there 5 nights.) there was finally some hot water, but the next morning, not only was the hot water not hot, but there was NO water when the left faucet was opened. They offered to move us the last night because there was nothing open before then, but by then, we did not want to waste more time moving. I was also offered use of the spa whirlpool on the last day as well, but we did not want to stay inside. I have had major back surgery, so this whole lack of hot water problem really was a big problem for me. My husband was not happy about it either. It seems that one should not have this kind of continuing problem at a 5 -star resort. We went to two shows, the Physical Comedy Show and the Secrets Idol Show. We enjoyed both very much. The entertainment staff is extremely hard-working, as is every other employee at the hotel. It would be very nice if the hotel would open a late-night coffee house. Drinking at the bars was really the only choice after the shows. We went to Playa del Carmen and to Puerto Morelos. We enjoyed both outings very much. The Preferred Club was very nice and definitely worth it. There is a bar there. There are game tables and computers. It was a nice place to just hang out. I agree with the person who said that they should just charge the real prices for spa services, rather than offering coupons. I had a good foot massage there with George. A couple had pre-warned me to insist that I get him. The woman had been passed off to someone else, and she was not happy. We had some beautiful weather and also some chilly weather. Surprisingly, the weather varies a bit in January/February. Make sure you bring long pants, shoes and socks, and a sweater.