Enjoyed an amazing 6 days at the resort last week. I used the reviews on Trip Advisor a lot to help choose a resort since there as so many resorts in the area and I had no idea where to start, so I thought it's only fair to share my own review. We booked through Apple Vacations. We were building 26 with a swim out suite. Check in- Went very smooth, given the cool wash cloth and glass of champagne, a bell hop with our luggage escorted us to our room. He gave us great information about the hotel and amenities along the way and went over our room amenities as well. Concierge- Never saw her. When we arrived bell hop tried to introduce us but then said she was off for the day. Next day we tried to find her because our in room safe needed to be reset and we wanted to make reservations for the spa but couldn't find her. Other staff went above and beyond though, when one of the maintence workers in the area saw us walking around looking for us he jumped right in and asked if he could help, we explained about our safe and he radio'ed someone and we had it fixed in 5 minutes. Kudos!! Room- Excellent. Bed was very comfy, air conditioning was COLD! no worries there, swim out pool was heated and awesome. Swim out suite is great if you don't want to fork over the small fortune for an ocean view room. It's great to be able to get away from the crowded pool in the afternoons and much more interesting to look out on while sitting on your patio then the rest of the views from the other standard rooms. We had the ipod docking station, robes and slippers, plenty of towels and tolietries. Spa tub is nice but takes forever to fill up...... Room was spotless when we checked in, but they just gave a quick run through the rest of the days. We got turn down service every night, a couple nights we were still in the room getting ready for dinner when they came and we refused turn down but they still gave us the activity sheet and chocolates. Mini bar was restocked every day, no problems. Make sure to keep an eye on your "no service light". They are very respectful of the "light" and will not bug you if it's on, so sometimes during the day it can be tricky to tell if it's on so always double check before you leave the room for the day, otherwise they won't come in. I ordered room service once, it was delivered within 30 minutes and was hot and that secrets box is awesome! I don't believe we were in a preferred room but we were able to pick up free wireless. Beach/Pool- I'm a beach person so that weighed heavy when picking a resort. Beach was amazing. Best I have ever been too. Soft, white, powdery sand. Clear, blue, water. No rocks, hardly any seeweed. I couldn't get enough. There were waiters on the beach, they had to cover a lot of ground but you always had a drink when needed. Chefs on the beach preparing food. Plenty of towels. Chair game is somewhat in effect. No where near as bad as at the pool though. Just double check that your lounger isn't broken in the back before securing your spot, there a number of broken chairs. Beach is much quieter and "chill" then the pool scene. Great for napping and reading and swimming. Regular beach volleyball games were always entertaining to watch. Pool- Much more active and crowded. Very hard to find good spots even at 9:00 am, towel game is in full effect. Floaties are commandeered. The resort is really doing everything they can. There is a sign posted at the pool and there were also notices about in the activity sheet each day, but other then them making big scenes with the individuals about it you just try to be as fair as possible. There were enough obnoxious travellers there getting peeved about minor crap I can only imagine the fire storm that would ensue if the resort staff starting collecting up all there stuff off the "reserved" loungers. You should brave the pool though for at least one day, it's fun when they come around with little snacks and treats, and if you are able to secure a floatie its great to float around with a drink from the swim up bar. Food- Very nice not having to do reservations. One night we had to wait 30 minutes for Himitsu and another night the same for Oceana but it didn't put us out or anyting- they give you a pager thing and you just hang out at the bar. We got to try all the restaurants except the french and steak. Food was good. Never had a bad meal, never had a really amazing meal, but I enjoyed every meal I ate. While we were there we were able to get baby lobster at Oceana, not sure if this is going to be regular change to the menu though. If you are having a hard time deciding what to order at a restaurant ask the waiter, they are always spot on with their recommendations and what is popular. Entertainment- The entertainment staff is great. They aren't in your face and obnoxious but there is always something going on to do. Jungle bike ride is good chance to check out the Coti's. Tequila tasting is so informative and a must do! Idol competition was a lot of fun. Circus show was cool. Mexican show was corny. Excursions- We went back and forth about renting a car or booking a tour to see Chitchen Itza. Car would have been $125 and then tolls, admission, etc, it just was turning into more of a hassle so we reluctantly went with tour through Apple. Apple reps are right on site so you can meet with them. It really wasn't that bad. Got picked up around 8 am, only a couple other pick ups after us. Nice big comfy bus, you get sandwich and drinks on the bus plus an actual lunch on site. Also includes a tour guide, ours was half mayan and amazing. You also get a movie on the way back. We got back around 7ish. Plenty of time to tour Chitchen Itza, first half was with our guide then we went to lunch then 2nd half of day you could either go to cenote or continue to explore Chitchen Itza on your own. We did the later and had plenty of time to explore the entire area. It was ~ $100 pp. We also decided to take a cab to Playa del Carmen. $20 +tip each way. I wasn't impressed. Tons of crappy merchandise. We were there in the evening and there was lots of night life and it was fun to walk around but otherwise had little to offer. Fyi- shopping is just as good in the Cancun airport and price of tequila was actually a couple dollars cheaper.