My husband and I came to Secrets Maroma for our honeymoon the week of Jan 3-8th. We had an amazing time! The resort itself is very pretty. It's very well maintained and clean. The room is very sexy, although as other reviews have stated, the bathroom lacks privacy in the toilet area... it wasn't a big deal to us but it might bother some. I highly suggest the swim out room. We used our swim out pool every day we were there and there was only one occasion that there was someone else in the pool when we were. Although these rooms are farther from the beach, they seem to be a lot more private. We also did preferred club & thought it was worth the money- I think the only difference might be the PC lounge- we liked having the lounge available because it was more quiet, we received more attention from the bartender and never had to wait on a drink, and there are board games, a big screen and computers available for entertainment. The beach is the prettiest stretch of beach I've ever been to- this is my 3rd trip to Mexico and it's been the best resort, the best service and the best food thus far. If you're expecting a 5 star dining experience, I think you'll be disappointed, but there is so much to choose from that you should be able to find things you like at any of the restaurants. Plus, there's 24 hour room service and we used that often! our favorite restauraunt was the japanese one called Himitsu. The food was very very good- we did hibachi one night and dined in the main restaurant a different night...altho the hibachi was entertanining, the menu available in the main restaurant was better. Try the Chicken Pad Thai & some of the sushi rolls- delicious!! All in all. i highly recommend. The service was great and we felt like we got a great experience for the money. It is a little pricier than other resorts we've stayed at but well worth the money! The only thing we probably wouldnt do again was the spa treatment...we did the Moon & Stars couples massage package... it was very enjoyable but ridiculously overpriced. We payed twice as much as we have at home... so if money is no object, it's well worth it. If you're on a tighter budget, i'd skip the spa services. one more thing... lots of liquor to choose from, but the house wines are mediocre at best, so splurge on a bottle if you like to drink wine. it'll be worth it. Happy Vacation to you!