We stayed at Secrets Maroma from Jan 2 until Jan 6th of this year. When we first got there I wasn't as impressed but it just kept growing and growing on me. The first day we were there it was packed from New Years and the crowd was a little "Vegasy", if that makes any sense. I think I was a little freaked out by the all inclusive thing, since we have never done that before. We were also frustrated because it was impossible to get a chair by the pool and it seemed packed with a little bit of a party, cheesey crowd. That being said, it cleared out after that wkd, and the crowd became more classy and normal, and the place less crowded. These are my overall thoughts: The grounds are beautiful and everything is very clean. Physically, the place is on par with a Las Ventanas or Esperanza in Cabo- the rooms were beautiful. The beach is insanely beautiful with it's clear blue green water and white, white sand. We went for a run one night and I was in paradise- love the stretch of beach on Maroma- the nicest I have ever seen. The food was good, and I started to figure out what the best options were to optimize our tasty meals. I LOVED the breakfast buffet. It is a must and is as good or better than any nice hotel buffet like a Four Seasons that charges an arm and a leg. The little coffee shop (Coco Cafe) was also a favorite. They had tea sandwiches and croissants, and great coffee and espresso drinks. The grill by the pool was great for us for lunch, (i think we had a burger and fries everyday), and the taco cart was great as well. Dinner was my least favorite as it worked so hard to be gourmet and fancy, and I would rather it work harder on the actual food and just be a casual, amazing restaurant. The dinners weren't bad, I actually enjoyed the Japanese place (similar to a Benihana in food quality), the Mexican place was pretty tasty (great soups), but the steak place was just okay. All in all, even though we are lovers of great food, we were very satisfied. If I stayed longer, I would definitely have to figure out the best way to go about dinner as they all started to taste the same from the use of the same ingredients. The pool chairs were an inconvenience. People would claim chairs early by putting a book or something to save their spot but were never actually in their chair. Something definitely needs to be figured out in that department. More chairs, or some kind of regulation with that so that it wasn't a stress to find a place. The activities are endless at this place. There is snorkeling, diving, kayaking, and you can have a guy take you sailing if you can't do it yourself- you will never run out of things to do here as there are PLENTY of options including excursions everyday that are included in the price. There are batting cages, tennis courts, ping pong tables, a little sports bar area by the pool to watch games on tv, etc... we didn't even touch the surface of utilizing the many things to do. We would definitely come back. As I said, Maroma is an excellent stretch of beach. If you love to dive or snorkel, the 2nd largest reef is a 5 minute boat ride. The only other hotels on this stretch is Maroma Resort and Spa which is beautiful but much more exclusive, expensive, and serene, or the Catalonia all inclusive next door that isn't as nice. I think Secrets is a great option if you want luxury and nice but still want the liveliness of a happening place, and may not have a ton of money to spend on the trip. You get the perfect stretch of beach and know that once you pay for your trip, there are no extra food or drink costs, which was nice. I'm pretty sure we will be back!