We stayed at Secrets Maroma for 5 nights and 6 days over New Years and found it to be a very good all-inclusive. We generally prefer to travel a bit off the beaten path but do try for one purely relaxing vacation per year and this was it. The concept of an all-inclusive was one that I originally balked at but can now say has a place in our vacation/holiday planning. There are a few 'must haves' for me in an all-inclusive and they are 1) no reservations for meals (this sounds small but who want to be a slave to a schedule when on vacation) 2) great beach (we are beach people rather than pool people) 3) size - I really prefer the smaller hotels. Secrets Maroma hits on all three points. The food was decent and was accessible without reservation. The standard wine is pretty bad though. If you like wine I'd opt to but a few bottles as the wine included is not so great. The breakfast buffet was a standout. You could get grilled salmon everyday for lunch at the poolside grill which was perfect for me. They always had hamburgers, hotdogs etc. as well. The Asian restaurant was okay....better than most Mexican hotels. If you love sushi you will not be terribly impressed nor completely horrified. Think one step above food court sushi. The one thing you will need a reservation for is Hibachi table which is worth it to have to plan one night. The reservations fill up fast so I'd call to make your reservation on the first day. 24 hour room service was well used by us. They have a small cubby hole which can be accessed by the staff from the corridor so that they do not have to disturb you when they deliver the food. You can then unlock the other door inside your room to get access to the food. It was a nice thoughtful touch. As for activities we really go on vacation to relax but were happy to find things like Jenga and Backgammon sets out by the pool. They organized a game of volleyball and soccer nearly every day. This hotel did have a bit of younger crowd than other places we have stayed. The beach is very pretty with lovely white sand and warm water although not as nice as say Virgin Gorda or St. John. The beach is long and we walked for miles each day. If you are facing the water I recommend walking to the right as you will be able to go for quite a while and also have a chance to find some great swimming spots with no one else around. There are some fairly heavy pool/palapa politics going on here and that was not so great. We did find that we needed to "reserve" (read throw books and towels on a chair) a spot under a palapa by 9am. Folks wanting loungers by the pool seemed to have an even tougher time. Mind you it's not as bad as say the Marriot in Aruba where you must be up by 6:00 in order to stand in line to reserve a palapa....that was unacceptable. One small note many of the loungers under the palapas were broken in such a way that you could only lie flat as they were missing the grooved track necessary to prop up the back....so do check yours first. The grounds were okay. But if you compare them to the likes of the Iberostar or El Dorado Maroma they are poor in comparison. They simply didn't invest in landscape design nor the lush tropical plants found at the other mentioned resorts. They used far too much concrete for my liking personally and it gave it a bit of a sparse sterile feel. We were in a "preferred junior swim up suite" which was very nicely appointed. If we were to go again I wouldn't bother with the swim up as they have absolutely no view (we were building 25) unless you are in the two buildings which abut the beach (27 and 17 I believe). Whilst those two buildings do have a view and a swim up the swim up does not connect to the main pool nor is it very private. At least in our building the swim up pool and the building were on an angle which gave your patio a little alcove which afforded some privacy. Also I think it depends on the time of year. In January it can get chilly and the swim ups don't get much sun...it was about 73 most days we were there and it was just too cold for me to get in the swim up. For my money I'd take the view. As for the "preferred" bit it was nice to have a little clubhouse bar to hang out in at night. The staff truly were the best I have experienced in Mexico. They were all eager to please and very helpful. We did tip and went through about $125 in dollar bills in 5 days. One thing that does bug me is that some of the reviews on this site seem to be a bit suspect as to who wrote them. I'd be wary of the reviews which seem to be a marketing tagline written by folk with only one review that offer very little actual info. It's sad really as this is a very good hotel and it's unnecessary for the hotel to self promote in such a way. My other favorite on this same stretch of beach is El Dorado Maroma (EDM). I have been to EDM twice and can make a few comparisons that might be helpful. EDM is much smaller and much prettier in terms of charm and grounds. I would however go for the rooms in the newer section as they are much nicer. I would not choose a room on the first floor of the older section (Mi Hotelito) as you end up nearly on top of the little pool. EDM has beach beds which are heavenly and quite nice if you are couple. They were never full and we always got one without trouble. There are very few activities at EDM so the folks who want to be entertained will be much better served at Secrets. The food at EDM while not bad is not nearly as good as Secrets. The staff at EDM are lovely but Secrets wins by a small margin and sheer number. If you are planning a wedding I would have it at EDM as they have the most charming chapel sat practically in the sand. Secrets simply pushes the beach chairs back a bit and it just isn't very nice in my opinion. As they share a beach separated by less than a mile you certainly could have folk staying at both although you will have to pay for a day pass for your guest to attend a wedding at EDM. One last word on the SPA...Secrets has a very nice SPA which is very well decorated and offers many services at prices comparable to what you would pay in any major US city. I had a reflexology pedicure which was heavenly. By far and away the best foot rub I've had in a long time. We then proceeded to book a couples massage which was far and away the worst massage I have ever had. They rushed through it and clearly hadn't been properly trained. Absolutely no technique nor skill at all. Later it did dawn on me that when I was booking the spa appointments that it did seem that they had all the folk working in the spa doing all the services...hmmm...generally you don't end up with a very good massage therapist who also does killer nails and hair! I'd say yes to the salon services such as pedicure/manicure but pass on the massage. I got a much better rub at EDM but there hair/makeup/nails lady was awful. If you are getting married do find somewhere else to get your hair/nails etc. done. I