Our vacation to wondrous Maroma Beach concluded this week. We greatly enjoyed Secrets Maroma and would recommend it to anyone seeking rest and relaxation, outstanding cuisine, great service and one of the best beaches we have ever experienced. The highpoints are numerous. First the property is new and they spared no detail. Our room was exactly how other contributors to Trip Advisor have described  beautifully designed, nice amenities, and well maintained. We enjoyed our swim-up room and did not find the water too cool as others have suggested. We felt lucky to be in the middle of our unit with dense foliage to give us a sense of extra privacy (end units many times are right off the walkways). Perhaps the most striking about the resort were the restaurants both in terms of cuisine and service. Considering they are serving roughly 800 guests, the ingredients were fresh, presentation exquisite, and inviting atmosphere. We sampled all but one of the themed restaurants and enjoyed each for different reasons. I wont go into all of it here but our favorite was Portofino. We made reservations at Himutsu and had a great time meeting the other couples at our table. Perhaps the hidden gem is Coco Caf for sweet snacks or a tasty sandwich (too bad it does not open earlier as the coffee was great). My only comment generally about the restaurants is that they seem to overly Americanize their food to satisfy homogenized palates. The pool and beach areas are exactly as described - perfect. The resort features many poolside and beach activities, service is outstanding, glasses do not go empty long, food by the pool and at the beach were surprisingly tasty. The beach is spotless  no weeds (staff is on top of it), no shells/coral, and no garbage (dont look off property though) or vendors. The water is perfectly clear with modest waves. We took a long beach walk to the south one afternoon and enjoyed the secluded feeling of the area. A few tips. We arrived early because of our flights. This was good and bad. Good because we avoided crowds and lines at the airports and bad because we were unable to check in early. Sitting around the lobby and wondering the grounds wearing cloths meant for flight from the frigid northland got old pretty quick. If you arrive early, dont bet on getting in your room before 3 pm. Bring a good book and chill or simply dont arrive early. The resort is larger than you think. Try for a room that is central to your activities  if you like the pool, stay closer to the pool/beach end. If you like the bar/restaurants, stay closer to the lobby. Dont be overly concerned about the bugs/flying insects  saw two and killed them both. The evenings get cool (at least when we were there first week in Jan), so consider some type of jacket or cover-up for evening. If you drink wine, check out the wine list (same list at each restaurant) however the house wine is pretty good and included in all-inclusive. Yes, the restaurants request that you dress up a bit for dinner. I am glad we followed the advice of other Trip Advisor contributors and brought a few dressier items along. From previous trips to the area, a pair of shorts and flip-flops was all one needed. Not at Secrets. Everyone dressed up and it made the evening all the more fun. We did note that several guests got by with jeans. There are a few shops with some clothes to buy and pricing seemed about what you would expect. As with most guests (I believe) we were given $200 USD in resort coupons when we checked in. I think we used $10 of it on a bottle of wine our first night. From what we could determine, the coupons are only useful at the spa for services. We tried to use the coupons in the store (no luck) and in the salon (again, no luck). So unless you really into massage services, dont worry too much about the coupons. I am a runner and found the gym at the resort to be barely adequate. Nice, new equipment but the gym is small and not tied to the spa. No sauna or other amenities. If you are like me and want to run outside, there are limited options. The beach, while wonderful, has very soft sand  not great for running. The resort offered no other options but I did find the road leading out to the highway and the neighboring resorts a worthy destination. Here are a few mild negatives worth mentioning. We were only issued one key to our room at check in  major pain the first day. Hot water in the room was inconsistent  especially early evening. Maid service also inconsistent  totally skipped us twice. With 400 rooms the limited number of pool chairs are reserved quickly. Lack of available good coffee  coffee at World Caf was either out or cold (glad we had the Preferred Club for that reason alone). Spa services seemed over-priced. Breakfast buffet had long line (reminded me of a cruise meal) - best to opt for breakfast room service. Heres a summary of the positives. Restaurants  try them all. Rooms  outstanding and enjoyed the swim-up. Preferred Club lounge is a great addition  Carlos pours a great cocktail. Room service  take advantage of it especially for breakfast and the service box is absolutely brilliant. Service overall is great  staff works hard. Tips appreciated but not pressured  which we appreciated. So, enjoy this property and appreciate how hard the staff works to make it great.