If you've never been to Mexico, upon arrival at the airport be prepared to be swarmed by drivers seeking to take to you to your destination. We had pre-arranged Olympus so we sought out the orange shirts but many of the other companies try and persuade you to take them. Be sure you know where tolocate your transportation. The cost for a cab to Secrets is about $35 US. The ride is about 40 minutes. Upon arriving the lobby is elegant and inviting and you're greeted with champagne and a face towel- the people are warm and accomodating. There are 13 or 14 - four story buildings with 8 rooms per floor- shaped in a horshoe facing the ocean- the furthest biuldings from the ocean are a little less than a 1/2 mile away-- walking through beautiful lush grounds- these building however are closer to the lobby and some other activities. The ground floor rooms have swim up pools but they are not very private since all of those rooms have access to the same body of water- and the 3 stories above have terraces overlooking the pools- If you are not interested in the pool, the 4th floor rooms have the best views of the ocean or grounds. Each building has its won concierge and the room itself is spacious, modern, very clean with a nice terrace. Marble floors throughout, a jacuzzi tub and a separate shower and toilet. There is an archway with a drape over teh jacuzzi that opens into the king size canopied bedroom. The restaurants are hit and miss. We found the food to be OK, not great. You'll need a reservation for the japenese restaurant only. The breakfast buffet was terrific and more than ample. Lunch choices were limited but you will not go hungry. A nice amenity is the free 24/7 room service, we didn't use it though. Entertainment was weak local type stuff. There is not much of a night life, its more of a R&R which suited us perfectly. The two pools were very clean and empty- the swim up bar - awesome. Yes there is some jockeying for prime spots and floats but its trivial. The beach- wonderful- quiet and spacious. The staff well trained and super accomodating- couldn't have been nicer. The mosquitos were a little annoying but not a major issue. The town of Playa del Carmen not even worth teh $20 cab fare each way unlessyou want to venture out to some local restaurants. The shopping is mostly duplicated ten times over, some nice upscale places and small local wares. NO BARGAINS. All in all the place and the service was awesome, and we would definetly go back. Our last day a couple checked in for less than half of what we paid, the booked a last minute deal through Apple, worth checking out.