I'm going to preface this review that this is the first time that my husband and I have ever stayed in an All-Inclusive resort. Our travel style usually involves leaving the hotel to experience the local flavor. We booked an Ocean View room, and although you could see the ocean, you couldn't hear the waves crashing; which was really disappointing bc we love to hear the ocean waves crash at night and in the early morning. We stayed in building 23, which was not part of the "preferred" status....and heard that the only thing preferred got you was a room closer to the ocean (still not close enough to hear the waves) and a tiny room with computers and pretzels. We had no plans to leave the hotel the entire week, as we've traveled to this area numerous times and have been to all of the ruins / excursions. So our daily itinerary included, waking up early and being at the beach by 8:30am every day. The huts were really comfortable and are placed close together (more so than other hotels that I've been to) so you can hear people's conversations and laughter. The surf was calm and the waves low, so we took advantage of the hotels free service to use their kayak. We were able to kayak out of the beach with ease and made it out pretty far. As we went out, i notived that the water is not very deep even as you leave the beach and you see waves crashing strongly on the reef that is parallel to the beach. Another day we went out on their katamaran (almost like a sail boat) with a guide from the hotel and he took us out for 30 minutes (we tipped him $10 for his service). The staff was disciplined to clean up the seaweed every morning from the beach; they were always checking up on you if you need a drink. I loved their cookouts on the beach for lunch; we had the best paella there on sunday! With regards to dining options, we liked the japanese restaurant (we made reservations for the hibachi experience) and the sushi was good! The italian restaurant was "ok" and we heard that the french was the best but we didn't get a chance to eat there bc we attended their Mexican Fiesta night by the pool. Their mexican food cooked there was AWESOME! As close to home cooked as can be (i know bc i'm a mexican american that grew up on the border); their ceviche was amazing, cochinita pibil...mouth watering, the tamales were a little dense for my custom, but the rajas, and al pastor made you want to go back for seconds. YUMMO! Overall we had a great experience at this hotel and would recommend it as an all-inclusive.