We are a couple in our 40's and we only stay All inclusive adults only resorts. This is our 8th trip to the riviera maya and have stayed at royal hideaway, excellence riviera, capri (3 times) and aventura palace. We traveled between november 7th and november 14th. Pros: 1. The beach is one of the best in the world. The sand is white and soft. No rocks or other obstacles when swimming in the ocean. 2. Rooms are big and the beds are very comfortable. You have a sitting area where you can eat your room service meals. 3. We stayed in the Preferred Club with a great view of the ocean. I would highly recommend the Preferred Club because you have your own bar, lounge, appetizers, internet use, and tv to watch sporting events. The bartenders are great. We enjoyed hanging out there after the beach and before dinner. You check in and out in the club instead of the main lobby which was crowded, nice touch. 4. Activities - plenty of activities, beach and pool volleyball and a daily activity sheet. You can participate or just choose to hang out. 5. Food options - this resort does not fall short of food options. Breakfest- the world cafe buffet is loaded with food options. For lunch they cook on the beach daily on a huge wok, there is a new buffet bar near the pool where they grill hamburgers and fish daily, and there is a restaurant near the pool where you can order from a menu. Dinner - 5 restaurants choices. 6. Sleepy resort - No need to get up early and reserve chairs. Most people came out to the pool or beach around 10 am. 7. Room service - room service was 20 minutes at the most. 8. Concierge - our concierge was "v". She was great. She greeted us everytime we walked by and was very polite and accomodating. Cons: 1. Bugs are everywhere. I have never been to a resort with this many mosquitos, bees, flys, dragon flys etc... We did not use the pool bar because of the bees. 2. Pool area - the pool area could be cleaner. I was always the first one at the pool and there was empty glasses, straws, and trash. They need to clean the pool deck better. 3. No place to sit on the balcony. Nice small balcony but there is a built in bench with bug infested cushions (cant sit there) and then an outdoor jacuzzi. 4. Snacks in rooms - the preferred club rooms should have snacks like crackers, cookies, chocolate or something. Mini fridge is stocked daily. 5. Bars -- bars are everywhere but they dont open until 10:30 am. Most resorts bars are up and running by 9 am. 6. Steaks and lobster - there is no lobster, you can only get a filet and the Italian restuarant and it was pretty good. For this price point you should be able to get surf and turf. 7. Chairs - pool chairs are not that comfortable, they need cushions. Beach chairs are great. Tips: 1. Dinner - book your reservation for Himitsu where they cook in front of you when you arrive. We ate there twice, best meal and entertaining. Men can wear shorts at the two outdoor restaurants near the pool. That was nice. 2. Cancun transfers - we dont do the bus deal where they wait for an hour after you land to fill the bus and then stop at every resort. For $120 you get VIP service in a SUV and cold coronas. 3. Ice bucket of beers - ask for an ice bucket of cold beers when you are at the beach. Always tip, they work hard and appreciate it. I usually gave them 5 bucks when he brought me a bucket. They have ice cold bud light and coronas. 4. Rooms - stay in a room that is away from the lobby. Less noisy, cant hear the disco, bands, etc... Some couples were complaining about the noise. 5. Bugs - call concierge and they will come up and fumigate the bugs outside of your room so you can get in and out of your front door. 6. Elevator - To get to the main lobby you have to walk up 3 flights of stairs, they can get annoying after a few coldy's. There is an elevator down the hall from the world cafe, we used that alot. 7. Fish - get some bread at breakfest and feed the fish. They are everywhere. Overall we had a geat time at Maroma. I would stay there again but this resort is not perfect because of all of the bugs and the cons I listed above. It was the end of the rainy season so this could be the reason why bugs were everywhere, If we go again it will be in May or June before the rainy season. 3.