My boyfriend and I booked this trip just a month ago - both in dire need of some R & R. Hurricane Ida put a damper on the first 3 days of our stay, and when the sun came out on day 4, I called my travel agent and extended our stay by 1 day - we just couldn't leave. We have been to 2 other resorts in the area - both Excellence properties, and we loved both - and so we had some serious expectations. #1 - this resort is beautiful. The grounds are very well maintained and they're more lush than both the Excellence resorts. The beach is probably the best I've ever walked on - it's super soft, very clean, the water is stunning (although we didn't go in because of the hurricane). We walked on the beach every day and I would recommend that to everyone - both directions are lovely (we really liked the abandoned house just south of the hotel). #2 - the pool was alot of fun. We LOVED the poolside food service - the taco stand, the mini-buffet. It was great to not have to get dressed to go to lunch. Bartender in the swim-up bar was great. And like most resorts, there are always a few "characters" around - we heard there was a fight but we missed it. We really liked the lazy river at Excellence and missed that but I have to say that we had a great time at this pool anyway. We had a swim-up room that we only went in once - the water was just too cold. Plus, because we had to move rooms (our 1 day extention meant we had to switch rooms for the last day), we experienced 2 different swim-ups. The first was ocean-front, although you can't see the ocean because of the foliage. Had it not been raining the whole time we were in that room, the sun might have warmed the water to above 40 degrees. The second swim-up room we had the pool never saw the sun even though it was sunny - poor design? It was weird. I only like to swim if I'm in the sun - unless the pool water is heated, which it wasn't. #3 - the service is the best we've ever experienced. Service at Excellence was excellent - this was better. They were genuine and really helpful. TIP THEM - they deserve it. #4 - We did the Preferred Club thing. Don't waste your money. If labels and prestige are a "thing" for you then do it - otherwise I really don't see what the big deal is. The private lounge was not necessary as you can get drinks ANYWHERE and all the time, internet was in the main building and free - and the snacks weren't all that great (and honestly, how much can you really eat?). As near as we can tell the Preferred Club status gets you a bag of peanut M & M's and a small jar of pringles - NOT worth the extra money, seriously. #5 - I tried the spa - had 2 massages. Beautiful spa. Great technician. The steam room was a little gross - it smelled odd, they need to hose it down with bleach more often than they do (if they do at all). I've been to spas all over the world - this one is good, loved the service "tents". #6 - the food. OK - this is where the snob in me comes out. I live in NYC, I travel alot - my expectations are probably a little high. I will try to be nice. I think that if your idea of going out to dinner is a choice between Applebees or Olive Garden then you will LOVE the food at Secrets Maroma. I've been reading the reviews on this site and I cannot for the live of me figure out why people think the Asian place is so good. I took a bite of my boyfriend's fried rice and wished we had paper napkins because I wanted to spit it out it was SO BAD. All of the maki rolls had cream cheese in them - really?! AND, not to be too much of a stickler, they used the wrong type of rice. The Italian was pretty bad, too. We didn't try the Ocean Grill because the menu didn't appeal to us. The Mexican disappointed us and the French was just OK. We did like the steakhouse - whichever one that was (can't remember the name). Don't expect serious steak - the cuts are THIN - but they were prepared well. The breakfast buffet was great - I love the variety and although some of the baked goods were obviously made from a mix, everything was generally very good. Same for the lunch buffet. I wished they had ice cream in their dessert bar, like Excellence. #7 - invariably, someone will try to talk you into an excursion. I'm of the opinion that you're already spending a fortune for an all-inclusive - why spend more to leave the compound? HOWEVER, with the incessant rain we chose to go to Puerto Aventuras and swim with the dolphins. Two words: DO IT! What an amazing experience. Had the rain not stopped we probably would have also gone to Rio Secreto for a cave river experience. There are about 10 million things you can do if you want to leave the compound. #8 - the gym. As per someone else's comment, this is NOT state of the art. It's not that big, the music was too loud, there was a wait for the weights because they only had one set of the lower weights, which for women, is an issue. It was fine but not awesome. Overall, this place is wonderful. I would have liked better food at dinner but we survived that. The service was so great and the resort so beautiful - definitely go.