We stayed in building 16, ocean view, October 31 - November 7th. It rained 4 of the 7 days, but was still very enjoyable. They upgraded us to the preferred building, as they were full. Room: Great. Luxurious/big. We had a great view on the 4th floor. Check-in: Fine. No drink or hot towel. Service: Great. Including the room service. We had coffee early in the morning and a snack one afternoon. Always prompt and accurate. Bugs: Bring deep-forest OFF and you won't have a problem. Pool: Least favorite aspect of the week. Chairs are too close together, chairs are all taken by 8:30 a.m., but no on is in them. Not enough shade. Sunday was so loud! Don't expect a floatie. . . they are quickly snatched up and not shared. Beach: We went to the beach everyday after the 2nd day. Beautiful. There are 4 chairs to a cabana. . . And yes, there are 4 people under them. You can reach out and touch the chair beside you. Not the greatest. We brought our own floats from home which we used in the ocean and pool. Food: Breakfast was the best. If you sit by the pool, they bring you snacks throughout the day. The grilling down at the beach was great. We always sat outside at the restaurants for dinner. Other guests: There was habitually a young crowd (>2) at the restaurants who were loud and rude. They swore and discussed completely inappropriate topics. Some of the other guests asked to be moved. Dress code: Is not enforced. The younger guys wore shorts, t-shirts and flip-flops to all the restaurants. The women wore "cover-ups" to breakfast and lunch. One guy sat shirtless in the restaurant for lunch.. . so don't worry about the long pants and collared shirts. Service: Housekeeping was great (we tipped). Turn down service was good too, except when they came at 5:00 p.m. (too early). Beach runners were great. Overall impression: This is our 4th time to an all-inclusive in Riveria Maya. We liked Secrets Maroma. It was not as nice as the Excellence resorts, but does participate with Apple vacations, making the travel easier. Overall it was good and relaxing.