Secrets Mamroma was an amazing place to stay! The hotel was in great condition - very modern, clean, safe, and the staff were very friendly. The beach was beautiful and the chairs and umbrellas were plentiful. I had read reviews where people had trouble getting chairs in the afternoon, but my husband and I never had a problem getting chairs on the beach or by the pool. The pool was also gorgeous and a nice change when the sea got a little rough towards the end of our stay. 99% of the time I will choose the beach over the pool but this pool was very large, so you never felt like you were on top of other guests. The bar service was great. Always fast, gracious, and tasty! My favorite was the mimosa/bloody Mary bar at the breakfast buffet! On the first day of vacation I could not have imagined having a drink with breakfast, but after 3 days I thought "Why not? I am on vacation!" and let me tell you, everyone should start there day with a mimosa! LOL! The food was good. Our favorite was the breakfast buffet, and the Oceania. If you go to the Oceania you can sit on the "patio" and have a beautiful view of the pool/beach in the evening. It was really nice, and there was even a violin and accordion players walking around to serenade us. The only cons were the nightly entertainment was lacking, but the entertainment staff really did seem to try. Also, the resort is pretty far from everything - 40 minutes from Cancun, 20 minutes from Playa Del Carmen, and 2 hours from Tulum, so if you want to sightsee outside of the resort be prepared to pay hefty cab charges OR rent a car. We rented a car and did not have any trouble and saved a lot of money in cab fare. We went to Xcaret - which I would not recomend, The Jugle Place - which is a MUST, and Hidden Worlds, which was fun. There was so much more we wanted to do - go shopping Playa, go to the ruins, Xel-ha...I could go on! A week was just not enough time! Last con was housekeeping had an odd schedule. One day they came at 8am to clean our room, the next day they didn't come until 10pm - and one day we called to ask for toilet paper and it took them 30 minutes to bring it to the rooms, and another time was asked for soap and they said they did not have any. BUT all of those things are minor when you are in paradise!!! All in all we had a great time, at a great place, and the worst part was when we had to leave!!!!