Overall, our stay at Secrets Maroma was very good; it did fall short of excellent due to some misses on the details. The check in process was prompt and efficient for us and did include a cold towel & sparkling white wine (which by the way was delicious). For the rooms, we stayed in the most standard room and were mostly satisfied. There was plenty of space, restocked fridge, comfortable beds, and very nice two-person tub. We unfortunately were missing an iPod/MP3 alarm clock (no clock in the room at all), missing a hair dryer, and our remote needed new batteries (we called and asked for this to be fixed and it never was). These items did not ruin our vacation, however, the small things start to add up. We ordered room service as I was excited about the Secrets Box, however, our first order resulted in a traditional knock on the door and random person entering who tried to set up our food. The second time I specifically asked for the food to be placed in the box and this time the service did deliver. After leaving the room, the grounds are very nicely maintained but we decided that the vast size and layout was not our preference. There were many areas to stop and enjoy a cocktail, however, many of the areas were not particularly memorable so the grounds just felt overly large and somewhat poorly designed. The pools were beautiful. The drink service at the pool was okay  we ended up getting most of our drinks ourselves though (perhaps that was a sign we should have drank less). It was very nice around lunch time that you really didnt need to leave your spot as many people walk around with food (appetizers mainly) and there is an outdoor buffet where you can help yourself. The only real drawback were the pool lounge chairs. For some reason they look wonderful but make sure to grab about 3 to 4 towels in order to support your lower back where a improperly designed bar in the chair makes things rather uncomfortable. The beach was beautiful. It is similar to the beach just past Tulum if you have ever been there. Secrets seems to have the best location on Maroma Beach as it is at the end and only has one hotel to one side. The food overall was surprisingly good. We werent expecting too much since it is an all-inclusive property but you should really get excited for some good food! Hands down, the best food was at El Patio. Lobster tacos, foie gras, amazing skirt steak, and the deconstructed Tres leches was magical! We felt that with all the great food everywhere, it was strange that when waiting for your table in the main lobby bar area (as everyone else was), they were serving very basic peanuts and Cheez-It crackers?!? Where were those amazing appetizers we were eating all day at the pool? Againall very small details that may not have ever been noticed by most people enjoying their vacation, however, if you travel to Mexico a lot like we do, our standards have been set high from other amazing resorts and hotels. Since the property is new, I hope they continue to make improvements to the small details that add up in the end.