Check-in  We were traveling with 2 other couples and requested 3 rooms together 3 months prior. When we got to hotel we were in separate buildings and requested rooms at least in the same building. The hotel staff was very unhelpful until I requested to talk to the manager. Our experience with staff was very up and down  some very unhelpful and some extremely nice. Room  we reserved the Junior Suite Swim Out with Jacuzzi, Terrace. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. It has a small patio that opens out into a pool that connects all the first floor rooms (about 8). The pool is nice but it since it connects all rooms be prepared to meet your neighbor swimming at times. Also the pool is pretty cool at night so night swimming is for the brave. If you have the swim out room your view is mostly of plants as the buildings are set back from the ocean. There are 2 buildings that have direct ocean views but most of the 10 or so other rooms dont have much of ocean view unless you are on 4th floor. Pool / Beach  one of the best parts of Maroma is the pool and beach. The pool has a modern feel with everything from shallow pools to relax in a chaise lounge to an infinity edge pool that overlooks the beach and a swim up bar. The beach is even better  fine white sand that isnt hot even when the sun is and awesome palapas line the beach for shade. There is a bar on the beach and excellent beach wait staff that bring drinks and occasional snacks without asking. Service  service is up and down. As previously described, the staff at check-in was completely uninterested in helping. The wait staff was at times great and at times did the bare minimum. The staff on the beach was the best! Food & Beverages  the weakest part of Maroma was food and beverages. The breakfast and lunch are buffets which is hard to get wrong with a Mexican flare. However dinner is completely forgettable. Steaks are overcooked (ask for rare and you get medium) and rubbery. The fish is mostly good but not great. Several dishes show up in multiple restaurants which make the menus less diverse than they appear. The steak and seafood restaurants that are by the ocean are very small and the only ones where casual attire (shorts for dudes) is allowed so they fill up quickly. The bartenders are some of the worst I have ever encountered. Any frozen drink and most tropical drinks are usually terrible. We quickly learned to stick to beers and simple mixed drinks. The frozen margaritas taste like frozen tequila which I learned to like as since it wasnt sweet you could actually drink them all day. The selection of liquors varies. Mostly mid tier liquors are available with a few premium ones. Some of the premium liquors are in the well where cheap liquor is usually kept so you have to ask what they have and each bar carries a little different selection. The tequila selection is especially weak with Don Julio and Hornitos being the best two carried although not always available at each bar. Guests  most of the resort is 30-45 year old couples. There were 2 wedding parties while we were there and a business group. As with most all inclusive resorts there is a bit of a party atmosphere so dont come if you are offended by minor amounts of noise. Our group and other groups had small get together at each others rooms which often lead to complaints by others. If you are old or are bothered by noise dont go as you ruin the fun had by people like us. $200 Resort Credit  this is mostly useless so dont factor it much into your stay. It can only be used on $60 off a beach dinner (which costs $150-$200 even though all other food is free, $40 off a massage which starts at $130 for 50 minutes or $10 off overpriced wine from a very weak selection. We used $80 towards two massages and didnt use the rest. Entertainment  there is nightly entertainment which ranges from standard cheesy American Idol and Newly Wed type shows to really incredible dance shows  skip the cheese but make time for the dance shows. There is club that is open from 10pm to 1am. It is just enough to get out and usually by midnight most are back at their room unless weekend. For late night entertainment most head to Playa del Carmen which is 20 minutes and $20 each way. This is the first all inclusive we have been to in 9 years and it reminded me of all the pros and cons of all inclusive. Yes the cost is very competitive especially with free food and booze but you are constantly reminded that the quality is subpar. We paid $250 per night which we thought a great value but above $400 per night I am not sure the trade offs are worth it. Our last stay in Mexico was at the Marquis Los Cabos which is definitely a step above Maroma. A regular room is $250/night plus $250 in drinks and food equals $500/night. I would rather pay $500 at Marquis than $400 at Maroma as I would never feel like I was sacrificing anything