Let me start by saying we are a couple on our 14 year anniversary (almost 40 yrs) and we've stayed at various hotels/resorts in Cancun/Riviera Maya from 3 star on up. Last year we stayed at Excellence Riviera Maya so that was fresh in our minds to make a comparison of. However, I will try not to bias my report with our trip there. I'll start with the positives: The service is impeccable. Always "it's a pleasure" whenever you ask for anything. The wait staff is truly service oriented and it shows. The grounds are kept clean and well maintained. Multiple times we saw grounds workers trimming palm trees and sweeping water/debris off the ground. The food is very good. Many gourmet choices in the service restaurants, from duck, steaks, cornish hen, chicken and seafood. Everything was presented very well. The house wine choices are very nice. The buffet offers many choices if you are more particular about seeing what you get before you receive it or are not used to gourmet food. The room service was very good. We upgraded to a swim out suite and the room was beautiful, from the oversized jacuzzi tub, the iron poster bed with drapes (very comfortable) to the swim out pool which the sun warmed up nicely during the day. Perfect to hang out in the morning, afternoon or night. The shower was nice and hot. The beach is really the biggest attraction at this resort. It speaks for itself when you see it. Beautiful sugar sand, turquoise water as far as the eye can see, etc. We've been to many islands in the carribbean and this trumps almost all. A nice walk to the south leaves you with undeveloped beach front and is supremely beautiful. The north is built up with other resorts. We didn't hang out at the pool as it seemed futile with such a natural wonder steps away, plus it was very very crowded, smoky and loud. But the infinity pool was a really cool design. We didn't have any spa treatments as we thought it was overpriced. The negatives according to us: The room was not dusted regularly. A few times I touched a surface to bring away a hand full of dust. The shutters to the patio were also very dusty. I know not a huge deal, but thought i'd make a note of it. We never heard noises from either side of us, but could hear the folks above us walking around overhead. However, people walking by our room were very noisy. We had trouble sleeping at night due to the shouting, laughing, etc. During the day it was even louder as the carts wheeled back and forth, could hear the security guy's radio and lots of loud talking. Not a problem if you never see your room, but we like our siestas :). The night the group went to Coco Bongo was the worst at 3:30 AM. We stayed in building 16, the second one from the main building. At first, they had put us in the first building and I asked if they could instead put us in one of the further buildings for more privacy. That was the best they could do for us upon checking in. I had sent the concierge an e-mail asking for an early check-in and an upgrade to preferred swim-out or one of the further buildings. Neither request could be met. They actually said the preferred club was all full, but when we looked on numerous occasion we could only find 3 rooms occupied. Then upon return to the front desk and asked, were told that we could pay an unbelievable sum to upgrade. I think they just didn't want to upgrade us for free and I understand that, but why not just be honest about it from the start? Every common area at the resort was boiling hot. At times, the lobby was comfortable. Other times it was unbearable. Even the open air stage was stifiling as it didn't get much of a breeze. The only place that was comfortable were the individual restaurants. Our room was very cool and well ventilated. The shows were very good, no complaints there. The entertainment was great. However, they didn't have enough cocktail servers on staff each night, so you never got return service (even if you tipped 5USD), so you have to walk up to the smoky bar and wait in line. We were there for 7 nights and every night people were drinking heavily and would cut in front asking for their drinks. The bathroom situation at the stage was strange. The mens and womens bathrooms were separate (of course) but the sinks were in a common area. This common area was open for all to see along the bar. Lots of times the men came out and walked right up to the bar without washing hands which grossed me out. There are not a lot of places that are nice for a romantic stroll. Everything is wide open and there are no "secret" areas tucked away that you can hide out in for a few romantic moments. Other places we've stayed have jacuzzi's tucked away for privacy and secluded walking paths with beautiful flowers to take in. I did not find that here. There was definitely a younger crowd, mostly 20-somethings on honeymoon or there to party with a group. In our opinion, there are much more romantic places to stay. The room service never, ever put the food in the secret box when the indicator light was on. They pounded on the door, announced "room service" and waited there. One time, while ordering, I specified to please put in the secret box. They still knocked on the door and waited. I guess if you waited for a long time they would eventually put it in the box, but I think they wanted a tip - just my guess! Maid service was unpredictable. Some days they came at 9am, other days they didn't come until 4pm! Two nights we didn't get turn-down service even though we were gone all evening. No big deal, but I love the little animals they make and was a little sad we didn't get more :) The whole design of the resort was very modern and minimalistic. Huge rocks on lots of concrete with lots of water designs. If that's your style then great, but we decided that we prefer the hacienda style after staying here. All in all, I would definitely recommend this resort to younger folks who want to party and have a good time. Plenty of relaxation as you are waited on hand and foot. Beautiful beach!