We stayed for 4 nights/5 days. They have a beautiful property situated in the most pristine beach in Playacar. And the food...the foie gras alone is reason enough to book this trip! BTW, if you think the foie gras is good at their French restaurant, you should definitely try it at their Mexican restaurant. It literally felt like I died and went to heaven! You will never risk starvation here even if you are a picky eater because there is something for everyone. However, you'll get the most out of your money if you eat at the gourmet restaurants. Remember the dress code, though, and make sure guys pack a pair of pants. There's also a 24-hr room service and waiters are readily avaiable to bring you lunch at the beach, although it's still better to eat at the restaurants for the ambience. Our room was beautiful and well-furnished. The staff were friendly and attentive. There were a few reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars in my rating. The restaurants do not take reservations which means a 30-45 min at times. Not really a big deal, but there were many times when there were seats in the restaurant but we still had to wait. The resort wasn't at full occupancy when we were there so I'm sure it's worse at peak season. Also, some of the mixed drinks came from a dispenser and were obviously bottom shelf, albeit understandably. It was like drinking cough syrup. The room service was great but it could be a long wait so plan accordingly. Realize that in Mexico, "mas o menos quince minutos" (more or less 15 min) can mean anywhere from 5 min to an hour and a half. It's a difficult concept for Americans to understand but in the end, who cares? You're on vacation, might as well grab another cerveza while waiting. An earlier review recommended bringing dollar bills for tipping. I brought $60 worth and it was brilliant. The workers definitely work hard and, even if they don' expect it, your generosity is definitely appreciated. They definitely go above and beyond. They have movie nights. They even had an elaborate set up of a big screen TV on the beach for Monday night football, complete with a makeshift bar! The spa is pricey but worth it. Overall, this is a fantastic place to stay. I highly recommend it. We hope to come back here again next year.