Just wanted to leave a review for others. I being OCD checked tripadvisor multiple times a day.... I know right! Just wanted the perfect vacation. I have been to Mexico many times, Cancun, Riveria Maya, Cabo. But by far this was the most romantic and relaxing vacation I've had. It was my boyfriend's first trip and he keep commenting how much fun he was having and that this vacation couldn't be any better. I had emailed the resort prior to our arrival and was greeted with an anniversary banner across the door with roses and champagne. He was stoked. Booked through expedia- they had the best deal going.. $200 resort credit for spa, romantic dinner and wine. If you wanted. Expedia Customer service is top notch. They were offering another $100 credit for the resort, which was not honored upon arrival. Called Expedia up and we now have a $100 credit to use within the year.. Will Definitely do business with them again. They us Bestday travel to and from the airpot. Clean vans, cold AC and professional employees. Abraham was at the Hotel if we needed anything, super nice and had better prices on tours. They are located around the corner in the main lobby area by the batrooms and elevator. Weather: HOTT HUMID. Forcast said 60% rain everyday... Beautiful everyday NO rain at all. Saw some dark clouds and heard thunder... it just passed on by. ROOMS: As you have probably read the rooms are gorgeous we were in 2621(partial ocean view) on the second floor. Second building from the beach. No really a view of the ocean, but we didnt care, we only showered and slept in there. The room was as cold as it goes 75. Confortable never too hott. There is a fan over the "lounge area" wishing it was above the bed. Shower Hot and good water pressure. Our tub never got hott, okay though too sunburned to stand the heat anyway.. They have a DVD palyer, we brought movies, but they have HBO, Cinemax and Hallmark movie channels in English and Movies on Demand. So we often watched flicks at night around 11 until we fell asleep. Caution channel 14 is Playboy and will take you off guard when channel surfing! BEACH: WOW is all I can say. You have to see it in person to appreciate it. You can order drinks from the staff who walk all over the beach, ask for a double or two. It;s usually gone by the time they get back. If Edcuador is on, he's at the Bararcuda bar.... you are in for it... He makes them stong... Miami Vice was a personal favorite. They even have budlight if you like. On the beach you can walk for miles. On a walk we meet Mamo who is a local who ownes a sailboat and does small personal tours for $35/person. We couldn't pass it up. Took a tour sailing the ocean to the coral reef which is slighly damaged, but still saw many fish, sea spiders and coral formations. Not a a tourist spot filled with 30+ snorklers. We were gone form 10-2. Bring water with you it gets HOTT on the sailing portion. Very friendly kind man who has a passion for the sea. Tell him Shawn and Jennie said Hi. Before getting on the sail boat we found the most beautiful living Conc shell, it was going to help us get it back to the U.S. but we would of had to kill a living animal and decided to leave it be... POOL: Nice and Refreshing, people were more than willing to share rafts. No ipod docks allowed so the music was repeative and slow. Poolside ordering was awesome and good quality of food. a small tip keeps the drinks coming... even if you dont ask. shawn enjoyed volleyball in the pool at 12:30. lots of participants. We also saw pool bingo. FOOD: Never had a bad meal. Only complaint was we had to wait for a table now and then but it gave us a reason to mingle and have a pre dinner cocktail. No reservations allowed unless reserving a spot at Hitamsu for the food show. We highly enjoyed everything, I think breakfast at the World Cafe was our Fav. Omlets made to order and french toast was to die for.. You have to have a shirt with sleeves for men for the seaside resturant by the pool, so pack one with ya or just order by the pool. ENTERTAINMENT: Was just okay, not as crazy as say the Riu. No crazy pool games or tug of war or ocean olympics as I have played at other hotels.. More things like yoga, dance lessons, archery, shooting learning spanish. We enjoyed the fireshow and the Magician- a little corny but good. The Disco is pretty but unbelievably HOTT. Couldn't stay for too long without sweating. The Rockshow is a much if you can stand the heat, band was awesome and palyed current rock. Afterwards DJ mix was some top 40 then went right into oldschool rock... time to leave then. Not many people dancing,,except us. We meet a couple on the plane and spent our time at night with them which I recommend we enjoyed the company and it kept us form heading directly back to our room. I would be more than happy to answer any questions in regards to staying here. We will Definietly return, this trip exceeded our expectations in service, quality, romance.