My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Sept 1st - 4th. let me start out by saying that overall we did have a wonderful time and would definitely recommend secrets to a friend, but there were a couple not so good incidents. So here it goes... Pros- The resort was beautiful,quiet, and a very romantic setting - a perfect getaway for couples looking to get some alone time. ( this is not the place to go if your looking for a singles atmosphere with a lot to do during the day) The beach is absolutely the best part, the water is clear blue,warm, and perfect to swim in all day long! I've been to my fair share of pretty gorgeous beaches and this was by far one of the best. The staff were all very friendly and eager to assist you, especially at the restaurants. The food was plentiful and overall pretty good. My personal favorites were omelets and french toast during breakfast, the tortilla soup, and lobster tacos at the Mexican restaurant. My husband loved the lamb served at Portofino and the Ceviche during lunch at seaside grill. There were other very tasty menu items, but definitely a few not so great tasting dishes. The Rendezvous bar in the evening is a great spot to relax on a cozy couch and enjoy a cocktail with peanuts and pretzels. That is just some of the great perks to look forward to at Secrets.... Cons- I'll just start with the worst of it... On our 3rd night before we left I got horrible food posioning, guess our stay ended just in time! I spent the entire night extremely sick, to the point where I wasn't sure if I could get on the flight home the next day. The gift shop was closed so I couldn't purchase any medication and there is a doctor on site but it's $100 to even see him. My mistake for not bringing my own meds(just in case). Maybe I just had a case of bad luck, but I felt compelled to mention it. When you arrive they take your luggage so it can be delivered to your room, only problem with that is we had to wait quite a while for our luggage, which meant we had to sit in our hotel room before we could change into swimsuits etc- and start enjoying the pool or beach. Our stay was short, so we wanted to enjoy all the time we could get... If we knew ahead of time it would take that long to arrive at our room we would have been more then happy to take it ourselves. The rooms may be a little warm for some but my husband and I felt the temperature was fine for the most part. It never rained but usually by to 2 or 3 pm it was pretty overcast but still very warm outside. September may not be the most ideal month to go if your hoping for sun all day but it's definitely less crowded and the prices are better. Cocktails are unlimited but the liquor they use is usually the cheap stuff unless you specify that you want top shelf , so be sure to ask for a premium liquor! Lastly, the only other unfortunate incident to our trip was our digital camera was stolen on the beach in the evening when staff started re organizing the lounge chairs. When we went back to grab it of course it was not there and never turned in by any of the staff. Probably the best tip they got all day.... unfortunate that someone didn't have enough integrity to turn it in, but our ultimately our own fault. Hope this helps!