Just returned from Secrets (it helps to whisper it...seeecrets) a few days ago after our first "all-inclusive" experience. I must say I was a little hesistant but Secrets set the bar pretty high. If nothing else, neither of us came back to the States with the Swine. I've seen some people here compain about the lack of foliage or lushness and i think thats fair except that the place was just totally gutted and redone a year ago. In another year or so I would expect the plant life to be much more abundant then it currently is. i'll trade a couple of years of sparseness for cleanliness. Like any place you go to, except maybe Italy, the restaurants are hit or miss. Many people we hung out with said that the food was 'amazing', i would not say that. The hibachi was truly excellent and a lot of fun, however we had a lousy steak at the poolside lounge (oceano?) for dinner but the next day we had a great lunch from the same place. The Italian and French restaurants leave something to be desired but were totally acceptable. We did not try the Mexican place. The services and ammenities were spot on. I guess as all-inclusive joints go, the room service and booze are all free. Room service was quick and tasty. The booze flows like wine at this place. The one negative to that is that you get a fair amount of riff-raff that likes to camp out at the pool bar all day and scream about football. its ok because you can take it out to the beach where it is much quieter and typically we never saw those people after 6pm because they are presumably sleeping for the rest of the night. I will admit that it is a little hard to relax by the pool for those reasons as well as the 'activities team' that like to make sure everyone is occupied with pool volleyball, blackjack or other games that involve lots of yelling and splashing, but there are other options. The spa was excellent and I highly recommend a deep tissue massage. Gym was fine. Breakfast buffet was very good, probably the best meal they offered in my opinion. Also, we took scuba diving lessons and went on a trip to the nearby reef which was AMAZING. if you go, its a must, especially for first timers like we were. In the end, the resort was excellent, the staff was totally on the ball, the place is CLEAN, the rooms are great and the price was fair. If you just want to kick back and relax I highly recommend Secrets. i didnt really feel like i was actually in Mexico...that may or may not be a good thing.