My wife and I just got back from spending a six night anniversary stay at Secrets Maroma. We have previously stayed at Riu Tequila and Secrets Capri, so our evaluation of Maroma was based on these. Overall we enjoyed our stay but would probably go back to Capri if we were to go back. Words of advice: The absolute worst thing we did was going to the wine tasting. I wont get started but lets just say the guy who led it made it very un-enjoyable, provided very little wine, told people they couldnt have more, yelled at people for drinking before he told them to (40min into it we still had not tasted wine), and he drank 3 times more than anyone else. The cappuccinos at the main bar are awesome. Probably the best and most popular drink is the Mango Tango. Always request your drinks with the specific premium liquor. They also carry the extra special good stuff under the counter. You can always ask. As soon as you can get up and get some clothes on, go down to the pool or beach, and place towels on chairs you want plus an item or two. Everyone does this and if you dont you probably wont get a good seat. Good luck getting a blue float as well. I did see some people tipping the pool guys to save seats and rafts. It is what it is. Avoid the Masquerade show that the staff puts on. I think most of us stayed out of pity. The entertainment staff lacks energy compared to other resorts we have been to. There was some entertainment that we brought in that was very enjoyable. The positives first: The rooms are nice and well stocked. Very comfortable beds. You can even get room service to bring you different pillows. We stayed in the basic rooms and enjoyed it. Some people got rooms with the pools just outside their door, but most people didn't use them unless they were quite drunk. :) The beach is very nice. It's one of the few beaches around Playa del Carmen that you could say still has a substantial amount of sand. The beach is well kept, but not the most amazing beach I have ever seen. The service was very good. We only had to wait on drinks a few times. It is amazing how much better food serivce is there than it is in the US. We would give a dollar here and a dollar there as tips unless we really enjoyed the service. The negatives: As previously stated from earlier reviews, the temperature in every room, restaurant and foyer was hot. Dont sit next to a window when the sun is out and dont do anything active before you go inside or you will be miserable. It is really quite amazing that they can not make it any cooler. It is obviously a problem that had no intention of being fixed. Also as others have stated, the vegetation is lacking. Many palm trees and plants look like they are dieing. There are people constantly working on it, but I dont know that it can ever be recovered. I know this resort was rushed to be opened, and it looks like plants were thrown down with zero planning. We were somewhat disappointed with the food. There are many good selections. Very few that we were in awe of and many that we couldnt finish, such as a NY Strip that was 50% fat and about 1 cm thick and fried rice that tasted more like fried butter. We were told no reservations but then found out we couldnt get Habachi because they were booked. We got sushi instead (which was very good) and noticed 6 empty spots at the Habachi table. The guys running the water activities such as Hobie cats, canoes and such were not very accommodating. Many times we were turned away from sailing even though other people were out. It was very frustrating. We would recommend Secrets Capri over the Maroma in a heart beat.