My husband and I along with my sister in law and mother in law just return from SMB. We stayed 6 nights and went simply just to relax. SMB is a wonderful resort. Food: Great for an all inclusive resort. Every day they provided a buffet with burgers, fries, nachos, hot dogs, calamari on the beach. Restaurants were all great especially the hibachi grill. I highly recommend making reservations to sit at the grills (this is the only reservation we had to make). Everyday icecream, desserts, sushi, quesadillas were brought around to the pool areas. You have to be watching otherwise you miss them! Rooms: We upgraded to the club level swim up suite. I would not recomment spending the extra money on the upgrade. In fact my mother and sister in laws room was super nice and had the best view with no upgrade at all. I would recommend the swim up rooms. They are awesome and great for privacy with access to water. The bad part of the rooms is the air conditioning. Our room never got below 74 degrees. We always had the blinds closed. The air conditioning was on a sensor, so anytime the doors going outside were open the air conditioning would shut off. The sensors isn't what bothered me....it was the fact that the room hardly cooled. Beach: Best beach in Mexico. We brought our snorkeling stuff...not worth it. We only saw a handful of small fish. The sand is white, cool and soft with very little seaweed. Staff: Friendly and will go out of their way to make sure you have what you need. Resort: HOT...but then again we went in August. Lobby and common areas not well air conditioned. The grounds were not as nice as other resorts we have stayed at...lots of dirt and areas that lacked landscaping. The shows and entertainment staff was great. Lots of variety! Overall: Great resort that after a few kinks were worked out would be excellent. I would recommend this place and would return if we found a great deal. Most of the people at the resort were couples and wedding parties. We did get exactly what we were looking for...lots of family and relaxation time!