Overall this is a very nice resort and I'd imagine 90% of people would be really happy here. My bases for comparison are recent trips to Excellence Playa Mujeres, Excellence Riviera Cancun, Secrets Capri and Sun Palace. We don't normally go to Mexico in August (crazy hot!) but this year I felt the need to get away from the endless rain here in upstate NY. We booked our trip on Orbitz 2 days before we left. The first thing I'll mention is that the weather forecasts were completely wrong. Because it was last minute I didn't have time to research much, and I was pretty bummed to see forecasts showing rain every day, some days 95% likelihood of rain! The only rain we saw was our arrival night after late dinner for about 15 minutes. Every minute after that was HOT and sunny. Check-in after the 25-minute trip from the airport was very smooth. We arrived around 3PM and our room was actually ready. Usually we've had to wait for a room (especially EPM which took about an entire day) so this was great. We had to take a room with two double beds for the first night (why do resorts that cater to couples have SO many double bedded rooms?) but then they cheerfully moved us to a king room for the rest of the week. We never buy upgrades to the preferred rooms in this type of resort and we didn't get a free upgrade this time. When i saw the oceanfront rooms i actually felt bad for those guests because the scrub plants totally obscure their view of the water. The upper floors are probably better. I half expected a free upgrade since we were returning customers and they were only at 60% capacity, but no big deal. The standard rooms are great, just like the website depicts and immaculately clean-no complaints. We didn't get bathrobes or an alarm clock in our room, so my husband called the concierge. Literally there was someone at the door delivering both items within ten minutes (alarm clock new in the box) and 10 minutes later the concierge called back to make sure we received. So they get a gold star for answering requests. The shower was more basic than EPM or ERC which both had oversized showers for two, but fine. The jacuzzi was small given that it is advertised "for two" and its positioning between the bathroom and bed not as nice as some resorts (like EPM again) which have it at the balcony window. The open bathroom concept seems to be trendy right now in Mexico and Secrets Maroma is no exception. Personally I like bathrooms with doors, but we worked around it. The air-conditioning (or lack thereof) in the rooms was HORRIBLE. The outside temp hovered around 95 every day and nothing we did (my husband even hung a blanket over the closed louvered doors) made the room cool. Not cold mind you-I would have gladly settled for cool/tolerable. This was probably the only real problem area with SMB. The restaurants were too warm for my husband because men have to wear long pants and sleeved shirts to dine. For myself in my little sun dresses the a la carte restaurants were a comfortable temperature. The breakfast buffet was nice (hot), with a wide selection of choices for everyone. We went to the buffet for lunch once and weren't impressed. There was hardly anyone there so who knows, maybe they can't put out a big effort when all the guests are eating out by the pool. Waiters come around the pool with all types of snacks on trays and there is also the poolside grill station. We didn't have a bad meal at any of the restaurants, and neither of us got sick. The house wines were perfectly adequate, although they have a sommelier and I understand the wine cellar has many international choices. The meals are not large but I think they expect most people will order lots of courses. We did. At El Patio we had 5 appetizers to split between the two of us and loved every one of them, especially the mahi ceviche and shrimp in mango sauce. If you like plain simple food, you might not be happy here. Clearly they are trying for sophisticated menu choices and some of the preparations/ingredients I had never seen before. They are VERY heavy-handed with the salt but you can ask for your food without. In fact, at all the restaurants they cheerfully accommodated all my husband's weird bodybuilder diet requests. There were a few nice touches at the Excellence resorts that I missed at Secrets, such as the flaming Mayan coffee, and I thought Excellence and Secrets Capri all did a little better on the food overall. Except for the Japanese restaurant, none of Secrets Maroma's menus seemed to have much to do with the "theme" (Italian, French, etc) - more like trendy/generic. My hubby had bouillabase at the French restaurant and some other seafood soup at the Italian - both named and described differently but exactly the same product. Neither the Mexican restaurant nor the outdoor Mexican night fiesta had any of the American-Mexican food we're used to. Maybe real Mexicans don't eat those things or maybe they were trying for more sophisticated cuisine, but I would have loved an enchilada or quesadilla at some point. Service at all restaurants and bars was excellent. We did tip but not extravagantly. Many people did not leave tips and i didn't notice them receiving any worse service. The beach is the prettiest I've seen in all my trips to Mexico. If your main criteria in a resort is that turquoise/clear water then this is the place for you. I saw one lady feeding pieces of bread to the angel fish - they ate right from her hand. The sandy area accommodates lots of chairs and I never saw a shortage (unlike by the pool where, as you might expect, shaded chairs were at a premium). Yes, the landscaping still has a long way to go and there are spots where they should probably bulldoze and just start again, and yes the brown water fountains were ugly, but I didn't sit and obsess on how bad landscaping was ruining my vacation. Secrets Maroma has gotten hyped to the point where you'd expect it to be paradise on earth over all the competition. It isn't. It is a VERY nice resort and I felt lucky we were able to visit. I would recommend this resort to a friend who was looking for a romantic getaway (not necessarily the girlfriends' spa weekend or anything like that because it was 99% romantic couples), especially someone who is looking for that prototypical Caribbean looking beach. As far as going back myself, I would probably pick ERC instead, unless we got a great deal.