Just returned from Secrets Maroma this last Sunday Aug 9th from our Aniversary vacation. We stayed 7 nights and 8 days from 8/2-8/9. Just to let everyone know we have only been to one other all inclusive which was for our honeymoon in St. Lucia at a Sandles. Lets me start off about what we liked: 1. When we arrived we were greeted with welcome to your home and given a cold wash cloth and drink of cold sparkling wine. 2. The room was beautiful with a king size post bed, a jaccuzzi tub for two, big shower, large flat screen tv. 3. We were upgraded from a Junior suite partial ocean view to a swimm out room. These pools are in front of the building and does not connect with the main pool. Every time we did use it there was not another person using it. 4. The best beach we have ever seen. 5. The service at the pool or beach was wonderful. The servers there work their butts off to please everyone. Please do not forget to tip them. 6. There were a lot of activities to do during the day but if you did not want to do them you were left alone. 7. The waiter staff at all the resturants were very friendly and always would say it was a pleasure to serve you. I have to say a special thanks to Fransico who worked mainly in the Ocean View resturant who went above and beyond his job description to make your stay ther wonderful. 8. The nightly entertainment was very good. 9. The air conditioning in the room kept it cool and had no complaints. 10. They also had top shelf alcohol such as Grey Goose and Crown Royal. I am not a beer drinker and I also saw some american beers there. 11. During the afternoon the cheffs would come out with appetizers and serve you at the pool and beach. 12. They also would have icecream at the pool every afternoon. 13. The breakfast buffet is excellent. 14. Can't end on number 13 but everyone had a great attitude and if anyone going to SMB soon tell Roberto the activities guy at the pool hello from Marty. He wears a red shirt and part of the pool team to help with floaties and anything else you need at the pool. Know for what we did not like: 1. The air Conditioning in the main lobby, main lobby bar, and the four resturants in the main building was lacking which made for an unenjoyable meal. When we would eat at them we would wait for an outside table because it was cooler there than inside. Also we were lucky most of the time there a strong enough breeze to keep the mosqittos away. We did talk with management about this and they know they have a problem and are woking on it. This is why we rated it Very Good and not Excellent.