My wife and I just returned from this beautiful resort after a great 7 days. We have been to places all over the Caribbean and several all inclusives including Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Turks and Caicos and the Virgin Islands. After weeks of research, we decided to book Mexico for the first time based mostly on the reviews on this site and a great price via Orbitz.com. I was able to book this resort for exactly half the price of Couples Swept Away in Negril, which we visited last summer. Let's get the negatives out of the way first, because it won't take much time. I can confirm only two negative aspects of this resort thast have been previously addresed in past reviews; 1.) The resort is not very well air-conditioned. That's pretty much true across the board. From the lobby, to the restaurants, to the rooms themselves and generally everywhere you will not find a truly cold place anywhere. I am a hot person, and I found it uncomfortable at times, however I dressed as light as I could and was able to deal with it just fine. It is sort of a drag however, that men are required to wear pants at the majority of the restaurants, so it made for even warmer circumstances. 2.) The availability of pool floats was unnecessarily scarce. For a place that doesn't seem to skimp on many things at all they made it quite the project to attain a float for the pool. It literally got the point that people would frenzy like Pirahna for the coveted pool float when they were released at 9am or so. Again, just kind of crazy for a place that didn't skimp much on so many other things. Those are the only two negatives that I can agree with from recent reviews. Now the positives. Room- Unfortunately, we were not uprgraded to a swim-out suite like so many others have stated. It was actually pretty booked up this week, so we didn't expect the upgrade although it would have been nice, They were beautilful! However, our room was very nice. In terms of what we have seen for all-inclusives these rooms were top notch. Marble, granite, LCD tv, nice lighting and design, speaker controls, i-pod dock. etc. Refrigerator stcoked with sodas, water, and beer. Hot tub was a nice touch and designed nicely in the room. Pool- The pool was gorgeous althought we didn't spend much time in it, because we prefer the beach. However, it had a party side to it, and a more serene, laid-back side to it. It was really a pretty pool with lounge chairs sitting right in it in some spots and some cool inlets with double lounges. Hammocks all around the pool were a nice touch. Ofcourse a swim-up pool bar where people enjoyed themsevles thoroughly, especially in the late afternoons. The pool was definitely the more active area during the day. My wife and I are pretty laid back on vacation, so we spent 6 of our 7 days on the beach. Beach- Very nice, however what is your interpretation of a great beach? I have my idea of what a great beach is, and this was very nice. However, and I was not as blown away as the majority of previous reviewers. But, I have my opinion of what a great beach is, and to me it does not inlcude waves. My wife and I prefer calm, glass-like water when it comes to beaches. Don't get me wrong this is a very nice beach. In terms of frontage this resort has an enormous beach and it is all beautiful white, powdery sand, which from what I have heard is rare in this part of Mexico. To the right of resort is virtually nothing. You can take a really nice walk down the beach and feel like you're on your own stretch of beach for at least a mile or so. The water itself was nice. However, we are spoiled by the beaches in Turks and Negril, which in my opinion were a different level. Again, I prefer no waves, so it is a matter of personal preference. I am not knocking this water at all, it was actually quite nice once you walked through the initial waves crashing. SERVICE- Unmatched by any "all-inclusive" that we have been to. Language barrier was a non-issue. You were waited on hand and foot where ever you went. On the beach you could sit in your lounge chair all day if you desired, because drinks, food, fruit, desert, etc were being served to you by pleasant wait staff. For an all-inclusive this was top notch. Your pina colada was filled before it was empty. this is pretty cool for an AI. At the restaurants regardless of lucnh or dinner, the service was excellent. I keep stressing the fact that this is an all-inlusive and service of this level is RARE. Don't feel like leaving your room, take advantage of the 24 hour room service, which was quite good and quick. Smiling faces everywhere and their slogan "it is my pleasure" being said to you everywhere, and it didn't seem forced. Restaurants- We never attended the steak house or the seafood restaurant, which are located by the pool outdoors. We decided to go with the more elegant restaurants which inlclude Himitsu (Japanese), Portofino (Italian), and Bordeau (French). Service was outstanding at all three of these restaurants. Just far exceed expectations for an all-inclusive. As far as the food goes. Portofino was good. Coming from the northeast, however we have a pretty high standard for Italian food. It was good just not great. Bordeau and Himitsu are just great. The experience at Himitsu rivals that of authentic Japanese steak houses in New York and Boston. Rare for a Carribean AI. The show, the food, the SUSHI. All very good. Bordeau was great as well. I highly recommend the filet mignon or the veal chop. Good stuff people. Breakfast at the world cafe was good. It was pretty much the only thing that was buffet style. Crepes with bananas, chocolate, and banana cream were pretty ridiculous. All in all your basic breakfast buffet. Good service as well. Lunch by the pool was sit down style with great service as well. Loved the fajitas and the buffalo wings (although not your typical buffalo wings). There was an actual cart that circled the pool every day that prepared meats right not the spit for fajitas. Prok, beef, chicken, it was all fantastic and quite a nice touch. In additon to that for lunch there was food prepared directly on the beach which included, angus burgers, fajitas, seafoood paella, and more. Entertainment- They were a small, but personable group. There were daily activites including beach volleyball, water polo, bungee trampoline, tequila tastings, etc. People were into it and participated daily. The shows at night were decent. Some better than others, but overall entertaining and gave you something to do after dinner. It's getting late, so I am going to sum this up. Overall, this was one of our very favorite experiences, and we can't say enough about the service at this resort. The food was really good overall. The alcohol selection was plentiful and the rooms were beautiful. Considering the deals that can be had right now with the "swine flu" media scare this place is a DEAL!!! We would have paid double the price. Don't hesitate.