I would have to say that this is the best place that I have stayed so far. We stayed from July 1- 7. There are many good things to say and a few things that need improvement but none of which would not stop me from going again. The food is mostly good but with so much variety we expected some things to be a hit or miss. Our favorite restaurant was the french restaurant. The rolls were good, the seafood soup and there was some chicken dish (I can't remember what it was called ) which was to die for. The service at most of the places was on time and good. The breakfast buffet was outstanding (and I am not usually a fan of buffets)I loved the lunch buffet they offer at the pool each day and the snacks offered on the beach..a huge plus. The entertainment at night was good. They left a schedule in your secret box in your room each day so you could see what was coming up the next day. I liked the circus show. THe rooms were soooo nice. We were lucky though and we were upgraded to a swim up room on arrival. They were clean, they had a nice mini bar and the bed was oh so comfy. I did read a ton of reviews before I left and the comments on the bathroom door are correct. (frosted glass and you hear and see more than you want to) The lobby had a nice shop (kind of expensive but that is usually the case with any resort) and the internet room was a bonus. The room service was good and when they said it would be ready - it was. Room service food was ok but not great. ( I expected that though) I didn't like the pizza at all. The beach is wonderful and there is only small waves so it is perfect to swim in. The pool is nice to but it is very hard to find chairs in the shade or floating rafts. (and in that kind of heat and sun you really want to find a chair with a shade) The towels were always plentiful and that was a plus. If you don't like the party crowd- stay away from the swim up bar. They threw the best 4th of July party. I wasn't expecting any kind of celebration since we were in Mexico for the 4th. We got our schedule the day before in our secret box and it said a BBQ on the beach...but when we went down to the beach they had hats/horns and special drinks as we arrived with nicely decorated tables. There was a huge buffet, stage set up, bar with ice sculptures and special apps. and a woman dressed up as the statue of liberty!!!! I walked around to find a band set up and the dessert table with an American flag and all kinds of 4th of July themed treats! It was the best 4th I have ever experience and we can't wait to hopefully go back next year. The only things I thought could use improvement like air conditioning, dessert, pool chairs and the gym. The was minimal air-conditioning in the main lobby building and some of the restaurants. If I had to guess it was around 80-85 degrees in there which is better than the 93 outside but still too hot. It was uncomfortable to eat and be sweating (and I really felt bad for the waiters and cooks who were wearing long sleeves and vests!). They also need to improve the desserts. We had dessert every night and only a few things were good (carrot cake, coconut ice cream, chocolate cake with ice cream) the rest were not so good. Finally, they really need to get more chairs by the pool that have shades from the sun. They also could possibly expand the gym at the resort. I went to work out in the morning before pigging out on pastries at breakfast and it was hard to get a machine or stretch on the small floor. one last note. The people that work there are hard workers. They go above and beyond to make your stay wonderful- Please tip the workers- they work so hard and anything you can give will be much appreciated. I would recommend this place to anyone and I hope I can go back as soon.