My husband and I spent a week at the Secrets Maroma Beach from July 2-9, 2009. Overall, this was one of the nicest, if not the nicest, resort we have stayed at in the Mayan Riviera so far.This was our 7th trip to the area, our first to this resort. I will not repeat everything others have said. Upon arriving we were greeted, checked in and taken to our complimentary upgraded Preferred Club room. It was very nice. The only issue with the room we had was the A/C. We had to call a couple times to get it turned on and to have it stay on. It never got cooler than 75 degrees in the room. Housekeeping service was good, turn down service was a hit or miss situation, twice they did not do our room in the evening. We had a beautiful view from building 16. As for the grounds, we felt they were very pretty and well groomed. Those criticizing the grounds previously have to realize that it takes time for the plantings to grow as this resort is not even a year old! There were sprinklers watering everyday and gardeners working diligently. In fact, one day I saw one of the managers look at two planters near the entrance to the Oceana , radio the gardeners and had the planters hauled away in minutes because they had dead plantings in them. The service was pretty consistent, never a long wait for anything, regardless of tipping or not. I was disappointed in our concierge, who we had to seek out and never really made an attempt to introduce himself or make himself available to us. I informed him that we had booked the Anniversary Package and he did have a banner placed on our door the 3rd day but we never got the wine, fruit or flowers. The Preferred Club lounge was the coolest place in the whole resort, offering a respite from the hot and humid weather outside, cold drinks, snacks, games, tv and internet access. The other common areas and restaurants were not cool and the gift shop was downright sweltering! I agree that the A/C issues need addressed at this resort. We found the food to be very good, enjoyed the breakfast buffet daily, the lunches were okay and dinner was good, ate everywhere except the Mexican one. On July 4th they had a beach party geared for Americans that was spectacular. Every detail was covered, including a a woman dressed and painted as the Statue of Liberty, standing for a long time on a table, holding a torch. The shows that we saw were good, especially the two guys in the circus one!!! Again, the theater was open air and too warm. The pools were not typical of a resort of this stature, small and crowded at times. There were lots of little wading pools down the middle of the resort. Lastly, the beach, it was the most beautiful beach we have been to in Mexico. We spent hours everyday on the the beach, met a lot of really nice people and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We would consider returning to the Secrets Maroma Beach Resort if the price is right. Hopefully they can work out the small issues I have mentioned in the meantime.