My wife and returned from a week at Secrets Maroma Beach two weeks ago. We loved it! All the good things you read here are all true. The food, and beach, and drinks were all fantastic. The Texans at the pool that week personified the very worst stereotypes for Texans. It was unfortunate, but they dont live there and Im sure their gone now. The resort did make them turn off their IPod at the pool, but when the pool concierges left at 5pm they cranked it back up. But like I said, there gone now. Speaking of the pool concierges, they were great, especially Paulo. These are they guys in the red shirts and white pants. If you get to know one of them they will save you some good chairs before you get to the pool so you dont have to worry about not getting a shady spot. They did this even before I tipped at the end of the week. Also, they are who you can see to get a reservation for a good seat at the Japanese restaurant. This was the only reservation needed at any restaurant. The entertainment staff was great and they work very hard to provide things to do all day if you want to. The shows at night were better than any Ive ever seen at any other all inclusive Ive stayed. The room was very nice. We stayed in what I would guess is the lowest end room and it was wonderful. The bed was so comfortable, and I think there was 17 different light sources in the room, which made for some romantic lighting. I didnt like the pillows and when I called they sent goose down pillows right away. Perfect! The only problem with the room was also the main problem with the whole resort: Air Conditioning. To look at this place you would think they spared no expense but the A/C in every restaurant and every room (talking to other guests) was inadequate. The room could barely get down to 75 at night and I think the club, lobby, bars and restaurants all hovered around 80, not pleasant. The resort really needs to address this issue. On the way home when I walked into Customs in the Atlanta airport I was suddenly reminded what an air conditioned building was supposed to feel like. There is no reason this resort can not properly condition their facilities. The tequila tasting with Fernando is definitely something you do not want to miss. I learned a lot about tequila that I would have never known otherwise. I tasted some truly top shelf tequila and it was a great opportunity to meet and get to know a lot of the people there with you. Very fun. The beach, what can I add thats not already posted here? It is spectacular. I took a Hobiecat out every day. The beach is the place to go to relax and just melt away. The service was topnotch every day everywhere we went. The food everywhere was great and unending. I really can not understand the people who say the food is not first class. I lived for years on the South Carolina Coast and I regularly ate fine dinning in Pawleys Island, Charleston and Hilton Head and Im telling you the food at Secrets was excellent. I highly recommend this resort. Like another poster said a while ago, people who do not enjoy their time here should not be let out in public. My only real issue was the AC but the booze helps with that. The AC is why I gave the room only a 3 out of 5. Other that the AC the room was possibly the nicest Ive ever stayed in.