My husband and I stayed for our anniversary June 24-June 30, 2009. We read many reviews on here before we went and we were satisfied, but not WOWed. It was difficult for us not to compare the resort to Sandals where we had been before. I tried to break down the review into categories to help you out. Just a note: The resort is full of honeymooners. The majority of guests are in their twenties. Rooms-amazing and beautiful. We were upgraded to a swim out and it was so nice to take a dip each night. (It is super humid in Mexico and we are coming from a dry heat in AZ.) The water was perfect and many other couples in our building were out at different times. I loved it. Room Service-we only ordered it once and I was disappointed. I ordered enchiladas-they were very dry chicken tacos. My husband had a chicken sandwich and he said it was good. Housekeeping-this was a negative for me-very inconsistent-our fruit tray with half eaten fruit was there the entire stay and was never cleaned up. One night I had to wipe the sheets out because of sand in the bed. They didn't clean the room until 2-4p when you might come back for a nap or some alone time. Our room was always clean though. Food-I am a sweets eater and definitely was disappointed. I bet I saved myself many calories, however! Breakfast was the same everyday, but very good. My husband and I were a little disappointed with the fruit. It was fresh, but not as yummy as I would have expected. French toast was awesome. I think I had a piece everyday! I would definitely skip the French restaurant. We didn't make it to El Patio. The last night when we wanted to go it was closed. The best service was the Japanese restaurant-Daniel was the best employee in the resort. We stayed 6 nights and ate here twice-once at the Teppanyaki table and once just in the restaurant. They were both great experiences. The Italian restaurant also had good food and service. My husband says the food was better here than at Sandals, but I couldn't make up my mind. I felt that this resort had less choices and because they lacked in desserts....:) Service-Our concierge didn't even try to meet us. He introduced himself one morning on our way to breakfast two days before we were leaving the resort. The best food service was the Japanese restaurant and then the Italian restaurant. We had good beach and pool service as well. Some of the bars expect tips and so that was a little surprising as Sandals is totally against them. We don't mind tipping, but it's a little off putting when it's expected. Entertainment-I was very disappointed in the daily and nightly entertainment and staff. The schedule was the same everyday and when they had a rainy day schedule it was hard to find anyone and figure out which schedule they were using. (It rained on and off on two different days.) The nightly entertainment was only about an hour and then they went to the Disco for dancing. We saw the show each night and enjoyed it, but it didn't seem to last very long-probably an hour. They had a great band on two different nights. We only went to the Disco one night and it was a bit of a let down. The scheduled entertainment was good, but I thought the staff was lacking. At Sandals-everyone goes above and beyond and knows you by name. Here it was not like that at all. Water sports-My husband and I felt that the website is misleading when it says what is included. They do not include REAL snorkeling. They will give you goggles and a mask, but not flippers and they won't take you to a reef. They just let you snorkel in the swimming area. It costs $44 to go on the boat. At Sandals this is free. We went on the kayak tour one morning and that was enjoyable. The guides weren't too excited to be on it though-at least that's what it felt like to me. Spa-My husband and I did go to the spa and got Swedish massages. It was cheaper to use the coupons and book two massages than to book the couples massage. We were together and it was a great experience. We would do it again. It cost us $200 w/ tip. I do have an email with the prices for the spa. You can email them and they will send it to you. Photo shop-we went to check out our photos and were shocked to hear that they wanted $17 a piece to put it on a CD. Outrageous! It's sad because we don't have pictures of the two of us playing volleyball or at the beach hanging out in the water, but I am not going to pay that much for each picture. Also, buy your waterproof camera in the states. It costs $20+ in Mexico. My husband and I had a very relaxing vacation and enjoyed the Secrets resort. I think though if it was a choice between Secrets and Sandals we would stay at Sandals. The service makes it that much more enjoyable.