We've stayed at three Secrets Resort in Rivieria Maya...Secrets Capri, Secrets Excellences (now known as Excellence Rivieria) and Secrets Maroma. AM Resorts hit another home run Secrets Maroma is stunning. We stayed at Secrets Maroma June 12 - June 16 celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary. The ride from the airport to the resort is about 30 minutes. When we arrived at the resort we were greeted with cold towels and a glass champagne. During check-in the concierge informed us as a courtesy we had been upgraded to an ocean view room and upon arrival to our room the resort had prepared a fruit tray with a bottle of chilled champagne...a great way to start the vacation. Occupancy was really low about 30% occuppied. This was not a problem for us we enjoyed the peace. Although during entertainment/performances there's less excitement and fun because so few people was there. For example one night the movie "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" was scheduled to show. We were the only people in this beatiful huge outdoor theater. No problem we enjoyed having the theater all to ourselves, in fact it was romantic. The Room: The room was beautiful with caribbean flavor, dark wood furniture, canopy bed, marble floors, jazzuci tub in the room, separate shower and toilet. Restaurants: The food at Portinfino(Italian) and Bordeaux (French) was horrible. We ate at these same restaurants at Secrets Capri and Secrets Excellence and the food was fantastic. The service at Bordeaux was slow. Himitsu the japanese restaurant food was delicious and the cooks was very entertaining. Make sure you eat here. The World Cafe food was really good and is in a buffet setting. You will have a variety of dishes to choose from along with all kinds of delicious desserts. World Cafe serves both lunch and dinner Another good treat is during lunch there is a smaller buffet setup by the pool. The food here is really good as well. Beach: The beach is absolutely stunning. Plenty of chairs and palapas. As far as the swine flu it was just a lot of media hype. People are not wearing mask. The only thing we encountered was when returning to the U.S. customs checked your temperature to make sure you did not have a fever. This was one of the most relaxing trips we've enjoyed. Our next vacation...Secrets Resort opening in Montego, Jamaica.