My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon the week of June 1-8 and had a wonderful time! We were greeted with champaigne and a cold towel upon arrival and when we found out that our room was not going to be ready for a few hours, they gave us a hospitality room! This was really nice because we were able to change our clothes, use the safe and take a nap before our room was ready. When we got to our actual room there were roses, a welcome letter and chilled champaigne waiting for us. We were in building 27 and the view of the ocean was amazing! That night however we discovered our "hot" water was only slightly warm. After a couple of maintenece guys tried to fix it, we ended up calling the manager the next day. He was very apologetic and ended up putting us in the honeymoon suite as compensation! Wow! That is really all I can say, our room for the remainder of the stay was like a small apartment and we loved it! Our concierge "V" was the best! She did so much for us and was always smiling, we lucked out with her! As for the food, we thought Portifino and Himitsu were wonderful! Try the ravioli at Portifino and the sushi, spring rolls, and shrimp appetizer at Hitmitsu! As far as the tables at Hitmitsu, if you have done teppanyaki before, it is the same thing and we recommend ordering off the menu. All so good. We were not big fans of the other dinner restaurants, but it seems everyone has their personal favs on here. The World Cafe buffet has great breakfast. Pretty much anything you could want, with made to order eggs, omlettes, waffles, and crepes. We loved it, but have to say that by day 5 it was getting old. Room service was great, never had a bad meal from there! Seaside Grill and the pool side buffet was pretty good, but we also got bored with that food. The chips were awesome! Overall we never went hungry! There was food everywhere, even waiters brought around appetizers and mini desserts at the pool. The swim up bar was great, cool off while having a drink doesn't get much better, unless Carlos is your bartender! He was very entertaining and made the best frozen bahama mamas! At night they had lots of entertainment which was great! You could paticipate in what you liked and if you weren't interested you weren't hounded to participate. Marcello was a great entertainment coordinator, and much funny! The spa was expensive, but if you are honeymooners you get some free treatments there and that was really nice! Overall we had a great time at Secrets Maroma. It is pricey, but worth the money! Also if you are coming to the Riviera Maya, take the excursion to Xel Ha, one of our favorite places!