We stayed at Secrets Maroma for our honeymoon just last week. Lets start with the good. The room was BEAUTIFUL, and the staff was super friendly. The beach was excellent, and for Mexico these days it was quite large. They did a great job of keeping the sea weed cleaned up, and the beers coming. I was expecting a slightly larger property, but as long as you're going just for relaxation it doesn't matter. If you're wanting constant entertainment, I'd go to something larger. The spa was very pricey so I didn't try it but if you're ok with overspending just a bit they do send out a daily spa special which is nice. They tried to do a few shows but they all got rained out at night. The jacuzzi tub in the room had some mineral deposit or something that came out of the jets the first time I turned it on but then I remembered someone else's review about that at a different hotel and I let it run a while, drained it, tried again and it was fine. Just grossed me out the first time around. I really only had three main complaints. One, like I said the staff was nice but it seemed like they were constantly two steps behind. Especially the room service staff. Our first night in we were exhausted so decided to order dinner in. We had to call 3 times and still never got our full order. The food was very disappointing everwhere we went. Because of the swine flu not everything was open every night. The worst by far was the Japenese restaurant. If Taco Bell opened up a Japenese fast food joint, it would be truer to form than that place. After not getting anything eatible there we walked over the to french restaurant and sat on the patio. I ordered French Onion soup and was shocked when they served the equivallent of snot soup! It was so gross!!! The only place open for lunch each day was the restaurnt by the pool which was ok but by days 4 and 5 we'd made our way through the menu and were getting pretty sick of it. I did not have one good desert the whole time I was there. Finally, our room never seemed to cool off. We found out it was a building wide issue, but it never got better in 5 days. I think a little better job planning the location of vents and ceiling fans in the room would have solved the issue but I guess its too late for that! Our real beef was with Apple Vacations. What a crock!!! Sun Country is absolutely the worst flight experience I've ever had, and the apple reps in Mexico were obnoxious. Over all, I'm glad we got the deal that we did through Apple ($1000 off) which made their bs worth it. I would not have wanted to pay the $2800 hotel quote for sure! But it was nice and beautiful and as a couple starting out great for our honeymoon. I don't think we'll be going back for our 10 year anniversary when hopefully we have some extra cash to spend though.