My partner and I (italyanfox) just returned from our 7 night 8 day stay at SMB last night. The resort is beautiful, the beach was everything we expected and more. Our favorite waiter on the beach was Fernando, always smiling and very gracious. Rafael is the rooms division manager, he's the best! Our luggage was lost by USAIR and we had no clothes except for the ones we were wearing on our backs when we arrived. Rafael gave us $50.00 each to go into one of the hotels boutiques and pick out bathing suits so we could enjoy the beach. He also arranged to send a Conair brush and comb to our room along with 2 SMB shirts to change into. Needless to say he was very accommodating. Ivan was one of the concierges at the resort, also very helpful. We're not pool people so we really can't comment on that, but the people that were in the pool seemed to be having a blast. We stayed at the perferred culb oceanview jr. suite, we weren't upgraded, we paid for the room when we booked it. We did however request building 26 on the top floor and it was given to us. The room was nice, very clean. The a/c in the room was hit and miss, sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn't. We didn't complain about it, I'm sure it would have been taken care of if we reported it to Rafael. The water pressure in the rooms isn't the greatest..it depends on the time of day you shower. The restaurants were good..Carlos is one of the best waiters at SMB..ask him for Mexican coffee...you won't be sorry! He waited on us at the Mexican and Itialian reataurants. They only have 2 restaurants operating per evening due to the nonsense regarding the swine flu BS, so the resort is not packed, which we didn't mind at all..more for us! LOL. The food is decent at the restaurants we dined in. The Japanese hibachi was fun, the food was tasty, better than the sushi. I wasn't crazy about the Italian food, but my partner and I are both Itlaians from New York..so we're a little spoiled. The coconut ice cream is to die for...along with the lobster tacos and grouper cerviche..all wonderful. The breakfast buffett at the World Cafe is very good, Delia makes killer crepes and great omlettes. We met alot of great beach people from all over the US there, we're going to miss all of you! If you wander down the beach...take some time and check out the statues of the Prince of Maroma and his wife, not afflliated with SMB, but worth a peek after a few drinks in the sun. The drinks on the beach are good...much bettter if you order a shot on the side and add them for an extra kick! They have a Secrets Idol show where guests can compete in a singing contest much like the American Idol TV show, there was a little controversy the night we were there regarding the winner..the person that everyone thought was going to win did not..which was a terribIe injustice to the person because the winner gets a 4 day 3 night return stay at SMB for two.. The winner is picked by 3 hotel guests who are supposed to be Simon, Randy and Paula, If they let the guests attending pick the winner the outcome would be more accurate...I guess they really are like the real Idol..they never seem to get it right either! There was no sign of the swine flu anywhere we went in Mexico, we traveled to Tulum and snorkeled along the worlds second largest reef, both excursions were very enjoyable and were booked through the SMB staff. All and all we had a great time and will return in the future.