We just returned from our 3 night stay at Secrets Maroma. I'm pleased to say that the beach and water was amazing - we are hard to please with beaches as we are from Australia and are used to pristine beach conditions. The hotel itself is lovely and rooms are very nice but some amenities that really make a resort 5 star were missing. The maid service was well below average. On our second day at the resort we returned to our room at 5pm only to find that the room had still not been made up. I called reception twice at 5pm to ask for the room to made up. No one was sent and by 6:30pm I had to call again! A maid was sent to the room and she did a very average job. The bathmats were chucked on the floor, the mini bar was NEVER re-filled (probably beacause it's included in the price) and soaps were never replaced. I have stayed in many 5 star resorts around the world and this kind of service is not acceptable for a 5 star resort. I sent an e-mail to the reservation staff a few days prior to our arrival asking if it was possible to have a nice room as we were on a belated honeymoon. I also asked for a early check in as our flight arrived at 12 during the day. Upon check in we were told that we would have to wait till 3 for a room which is very strange given that the hotel was only about 20% full. No mention was made of our honeymoon and they did nothing to make the stay more special. When a resort of this stature is only 20% full you would think that they would upgrade as many people as they could to make a good impression, especially when they had plenty of room. Our partial ocean view room did not have ANY ocean view. We received in our deal a $200 resort credit which was totally pointless. The only reason they have this resort credit is in the hope of you spending more money. I went to use a $40 voucher for the spa services only to be told that the credit could only be used with spa packages worth over $100. All the other spa treatments such as manicures and pedicures could not be used with a voucher. We did not use any of our $200 resort credit as you ended up spending more money than it was worth. Because we travelled during the swine flu outbreak we were told upon check in that only 2 of the 7 restaurants would be open each night. Reservations can't be made for the restaurants so when we were told it would be an hours wait for a table we wern't that happy. The hours wait turned into an hour and a half which is ridiculous when there are only 2 restaurants available. This happened on two different occasions at totally different restaurants. When we finally did get our table we noticed that there were infact many tables available?!? The food in general is very average. We tried the Japanese restaurant which was anything but authentic and the Italian restaurant which was probably the best out of all of them. The servings are tiny probably so that they keep the costs down and the lunch menu is extremely average with limited amount of choices. At lunch you can either eat at the poolside restaurant or the buffet by the pool. The buffet consists of hamburgers, fries, chicken, hot dogs, nachos and lettuce - perfectly fine if you're into Americanized fast food. The restaurant by the pool offers steaks, club sandwiches, nachos, soups and burgers. The club sandwich I had was a complete let down - it was basically a glorified ham and cheese sandwich. The breakfast buffet has a much better variety than the lunch and dinner buffets. The pool side service was excellent for drinks but don't expect daquiris to be made with real fruit. All drinks are flavoured with cordials and syrups and if you want a decent amount of alcohol it's best to ask for a double shot in most drinks (obciously to cut costs). The bar staff were extremely friendly - in particular Jose and Fernando. Even though tips are included in the price it is still nice to leave a small tip with each server as they work extremely hard. The pool is very nice but if you want a quiet area I suggest you find a spot well away from the pool bar and pool volleyball net area. Many 5 star tropical resorts don't require long pants at night but Secrets Maroma has a dress code for all the restaurants. Men MUST wear long pants at all of the restaurants so don't forget to pack a smart pair of pants. Also collared t-shirts are a must. For a tropical resort I found the attire to be a little too over the top - especially in such heat. Overall the staff were very friendly and a pleasure to deal with. The beach was really all we went for and it did live up to all of my expectations. I believe all the problems we encountered lie within the management of the resort.