Just got back from Secrets Maroma (5/16/09-5/23/09). Here is the skinny. CAB FROM AIRPORT IN CANCUN We had to haggle to get them down to $70. They wanted $90 to begin with. The drive took a little over 30 minutes. CHECK IN Try to arrange your flight so you don't get to the hotel a minute before 3:00 p.m. They were only at 45% occupancy when we got there at 1:00 p.m., but they kept us waiting for the room until almost exactly 3:00 p.m., which has only happened to us twice, this included, in approx. ten trips to hotels in the Riviera Maya over the last 7 years. When you get there a little early, and they have the rooms, they ought to get one cleaned and give it to you. ROOM We had 2434, which was on the third floor of building 24. It was an ocean view room. The view of the ocean was nice, but about 50% obstructed by palm trees. I think the same room, but one floor up, would have had a truly fantastic view. Our building was the third back from ther beach. If you want to be in either of the front two rows, you have to pay extra for their little special club. It looked like the views from the front building would just be spectacular, as long as you were not on the ground level. By the way, they had the entire north wing of the property completely shut down while we were there, presumably for want of demand. Bed was nice and comfy. Bathroom area really small with funky, see-through type door to the toilet area, which allows most of what happens in there to be heard, if not seen as well. T.V. operation and channel selection not good. Constant problems with the AC!!! Had maintenance come several times. This might not be a big deal for others, but we like our room nice and cold, and it was just consistently cool. I would say about 80 F. Proximity of the hotel to the jungle (you drive through it on the way in) makes for some really loud but interesting sounds at sunrise. Lots of monkeys screaming, birds chirping, etc. I thought it was cool, but it woke me up on several occasions. ROOM SERVICE Really bad food and exceptionally slow. They never use the magic box to deliver the food because they want the tips. For reasons I will discuss below, I recommend always going to the restaurants and never getting the room service. RESTAURANTS They have many different restaurants on the property, but while we were there, and presumbly because of the low occupancy rate, there would only be 2 or maybe 3 restaurants open on any given night. The rest would be closed, and they alternated them in out out of the rotation. Having said that, the food was really good. It was probably the best we have ever had at an all-inclusive and also better than many non-inclusives. Don't try to eat outside at night. The bugs will fly off with you. Up till about sunset is o.k., but after that it becomes like something out of a sci-fi movie. Big, active, hungry, Yucatan jungle bugs. THE POOL Looked nice, as far as pools go. We only got in it once on the last day. Lots of drunk & loud northeners, no offense to any loud, obnoxious Yankees in present company. Lots of nice chairs, umbrellas, etc. THE BEACH We are total beach people. We have been to beaches in Playa, Cancun, and Cozumel. This was a top notch beach. Wide expanse of fine, white sand. No rocks or sandbags. Lots of big, nice palapas, although it seems like if this place got to about 60% capacity or more, then you would have a real problem finding shade on the beach. The coastline on this beach is shaped like a half-moon. This geography combined with the prevailing winds made for water that was consistently beautiful, but only the turqouise hue of blue. There just are not the three levels blue that you see at some other beaches such as the Riu Palace Mexico. But it was clear, it was light blue (not murky at all), and -- most importantly -- IT WAS QUIET. No blaring music from a nearby pool bar. Not a constant parade of boats and jet-ski's right in front of the hotel, although both of those activities and others are readily accesible from the property. Snorkeling from the beach not good. No corral. If you want to snorkel, either get a guide from the hotel to take you to the reef (1 hour, 10 minutes of which in transit, approx. $40, only at 10:30 A.M.), or walk WAY DOWN the beach, to the right, around the point and towards punta maroma. There is some o.k. snorkeling from over there, but nothing to get too worked up over. I also fished over there with a collapsable spinning rod I brought with some lures. Got some bites, but I think my lures and my hooks were too big. If you want to fish on your own from the beach, I would suggest lures with small hooks or dead bait with a wire leader -- lots of barracudas out there. Drink service from the beach was not good. They only had one poor little old dude that was in charge of bringing drinks for the whole beach. THE SPA A total rip-off. Way overrated. Approx. $150 for 50 minutes of Swedish. NIGHTLIFE Can't really comment here, as we only say one show -- the Mayan fire fiesta, which was really impressive. The one thing about this location is that you are a good 25 minutes from Playa and more than that to Cancun, so -- unless you want to make that drive at night -- you are really stuck with the stuff on the property. THE END Secrets Maroma won me over. I was a little skeptical when we first drove up to the front of the hotel, which looked a little like one of the walls to the Alamo, and I don't mean that in a good way. Over a few days, however, the overall natural beauty of the property (lots of ORIGINAL palms trees and foliage, huge jungle nearby) and the PEACE AND QUIET (which could change in a hurry if their occupancy increased, which it will) made me feel I had made a good choice to go to SM.