I just wanted to take the time to share our experience. We stayed at Secrets for 8 nights Apr 5-13, 2009. I upgraded our accomodations to preferred club jr. suite with walk out pool. I must share my experience of our Cancun airport arrival and tranportation to Secrets. First off, don't and I repeat don't stop in the airport any place other than your transportation kiosk. There are numerous staff who attempt to steer you over to a kiosk on the way out of the airport and the only reason for that is to try to sell you to visit a resort or time share. I hate to be rude but I had to upon our arrival since they tend to be high pressure and actually became rude. Secondly, Olympus tours did a HORRIBLE job with scheduling the tranfers to the hotel. My wife and waitied for almost 45 minutes until they had a van ready to bring us and 3 other couples to our resort. I will never again use Olympus tours for the transfer to and from the airport. Once we arrived at Secrets approximately 130pm the lobby staff quickly welcomed us, tagged our luggage and informed us it would be in our room when it was ready. We were then quickly escorted to a motorized cart where we were driven to our preferred lounge warmly greeted, assigned our room and offered some light food and drinks. We were told our room wasn't ready. We were informed where we could go get something to eat. Our room was in building 27 room 2712, which to me was the best location. It bordered an empty lot, it was ocean front and we had the best concierge; Vianney Rosiles! Vianney we love and miss you!!! We took a short walk and grabbed something to eat and returned to the preferred lounge and our room was ready. A staff member walked us to our room. It was grogeous is all I can say. Looking out our slider we had a private pool with a beautiful view of the Carribean although there are palm trees and other foliage between our pool and the sea. We met our personal concierge her name was Vianney! I must recognize Vianney she made our vacation. She was courteous, caring, and made us feel special and she made sure I always had pringles, M&M's and the drinks my wife and I liked. She even gave me some Partagas D series #4. For those who smoke cigars understand :) The room was always clean and would be turned down at night if we wanted. We loved our pool on days we wanted privacy and it was never cold as I read here. Also, the beach servers would come by our pool and bring us drinks if we wanted. After my morning workouts it was great to go for a swim as well as at night when we relaxed on our private patio listening to the waves crash against the shore. The weather was always 84-90 degrees during the day a couple of nights were cool, which was unexpected but nice. But alot warmed than in Massachusetts. The beach was absolutely gorgeous! A couple of days it was quite windy that the sand was being blown around so we spent time at the resort pool or our private pool. Both pools were always clean. I need to mention pool concierge Roberto, he was a young man who made you feel comfortable and always had nice converstaion you could tell he loved his job. The pool side cookout was always very good! The service at the resort was very good. I watched a lifeguard grab towels from a man who was returning them at the end of the day. The lifeguard told him you're on vacation let me do that for you. That was typical of most service. Yes, with any resort you will come across some that are not as friendly or may not be as quick as you want them to be but it is vacation a time to relax right. We ate all the restaurants except the French. The ambience and decor at all was pleasing to the eye. The food was good but it is not 5 star. I will mention that if you want to seated right away go around 7pm or you will have a 30-45 minute wait. The World cafe breakfast and lunch buffet was always good. I was happy to see how important sanitation is in this restaurant from the serving lines, to the buffet tables to the cooking stations. I have been to some all inclusives where the buffet areas are scary to eat where sanitation was poor such as Occidental and Riu in Aruba. The last morning we ordered room service. Juan was our server and he did a great job setting up our breakfast on the patio. It was a wonderful way for us to spend our last morning at the resort. The resort pool was not loud and obnoxious just like my wife and I like. I could go on but there is no reason to. We truly enjoyed our vacation and would recommend this resort to anyone who loves sun, beach, comfort and nice people and aren't looking for that loud party atmosphere. I must mention tips. Yes, tips are included but I am a firm believer that staff that gives me good service deserve more and the Mexican staff appreciated it! The resort has a very good service training program. If you're looking for total perfection you may be disappointed but if you're looking for a wonderful vacation Secrets at Maroma Beach will surely satisy you. Lastly, I would suggest that the resort look at recycling and other options that are environmentally friendly.