Just came back a week ago from Secrets Maroma for 11 days. We have traveled to many adults only 5 + resorts and are easy travelers not complainers unless we must do so!!! There are many pros and cons to this resort. We had read most of the reviews before leaving and were expecting some downsides and great parts too!!! Here is my honest opinion to what I felt throughout this trip: -AWESOME BEACH!!! It deserves to be called Playa Paraiso (Paradise beach) the water was perfect, the sand so soft so powdery... The service at the beach too was great!!! -BEAUTIFUL INFINITY POOL, it was quiet for us as the bar is not located at this one. Water a bit cooler but perfect to refresh after staying in the sun. The regular pool is loud with people drinking not our crowd although we loved going this one at 6PM when the bar is closed and the pool is hot and calm... The only thing I missed is some latin music at the pool instead of that sleepy spa music all over the resort... - SEA-SIDE GRILL now the service there is awesome Enrique was really nice and entertaining!!! The Coconut ice cream is delectable!!!! And the Guacamole, chips and Picco de Gallo awesome! - RESORT is spread out perfectly, really calm and soothing as the tones are all neutral. Not too big just perfect size - STAFF friendly and helpful. One thing that really disapointed me was how so many people did not tip...????? If the people can afford to pay for a trip like this they sure can leave a dollar or two to the people who served them. We often gave more even but that is us but leaving nothing is not ok for us... If you are unsure to what to tip the Playa Paraiso forum has some great insights. - ROOMS are beautifully decorated although ours at a wall peeling off!!! The major dislike about the room is that frosted toilet door... Now as a married couple we are at ease with each other but how uncomfortable that your loved one sees you in that frosted door and let alone the whole instead of a handle and the fact that you can hear everything... :( - RESTAURANTS were all in all pretty good, menu was a bit pompous for what was actually served "essence" of this and "touch" of this and "powder" of this... To us the food was good but not out of this world!!! I loved the veal with gratin potatoes at the French and the lamb at the Italian my husband enjoyed the beef at the Italian but we did not have a particular spot other that we took to heart besides seaside which is far from fancy food but very tasteful. BARS- The lobby bar was ok, no music that actually gets you in a festive mood and the disco was ok too. Beautiful setup in the disco! SHOWS- They had some great show but obviously not Cirque du Soleil but entertaining though for an all inclusive. - DRINKS - Mojitos were excellent, Lime Daiquiri too. We are wine lovers and we officially now have a running joke between me and my husband where we ask each other Sauvignon or Chardonnay!!! Their wine tasted the same so even at one point when they poured Sauvignon into my half full Chardonnay glass it was ok actually no difference!!! They did sell wine but when I saw the price of my loved Chardonnay J Lohr I prefered to stay with the house wine!!! That is the part of being parents to 5 kids!!! Budget, budget and Budget on certain things although my husband will tell you that this rule did not apply when he took me to 5th Avenue in Playa Del Carmen especially when I walked in the Ultrafemme store (cosmetic, perfume store)!!! Overall we do not think that the resort is valued to what it is selling for in Canada. We believe in having our "couple only" vacation once a year and we do not mind to pay a lot more for quality but for this one we did not see it as worth the price... On my personnal note in the Cancun/ Riviera Maya "the Royal Cancun" was way more better for it's room, huge romantic bath by the windows, balconies with views of the ocean no matter what room type and their food was better and is appx. $ 1,000.00 less for a week... The beach is not the same though!!! More rough and agitated and hardly even there!!! Just a personal thought that is!!! Voila!!!