Our expectations were high going to SMB especially having spent an idyllic fortnight at the Excellence Riviera Maya a couple of years previously. We were certainly not disappointed by the amazing white powdered sandy beach, nor the absolutely turquiose sea. We had booked an Ocean View room and studied that resort layout so knew what we wanted, asked for, and got - an upgrade to a fourth floor preferred club room in block 16. Perfect view, and what a view - stunning in every respect. The room likewise was excellent and a good size. We had room service on our first night which was delicious and I fully endorse the comments about the ribs, they were scumptious, with a large platter of well prepared exotic fruit to follow. I swim early mornings so tended to put out towels and markers each morning to reserve a place by the pool. Not that I was the first down - there were plenty of towels and belongings already out by the time I went down to swim at 06.15! During the day the pool areas become more and more crowded and the swim up bar more and more boisterous. The comments of a previous reviewer about sitting there and weeing as drinks were drunk swam into my head as I watched and listened! A pretty constant 15 - 20 knot breeze blew almost the whole time we were there which was in itself cooling, but made sitting on the beach uncomfortable as you ended up covered in the fine powder sand. An early morning walk in either direction up the beach was refreshing and with great opportunities for photographing specatular sunrises and the odd Pelican. As regards food and restaurants - this is NOT a gourmet experience, and I have to agree with two previous reviewers about expectations and delivery. For instance in the French restaurant, creme brulee (a French standard) should not come as squares of gelatinous gloop accompanied by a brandysnap wafer, a souffle (a French classic) is likewise, not a square of pink gelatinous gloop. Nor should either be accompanied by pieces of tin presumably from the can the aforementioned gloop came from. The menu in the French restaurant itself is way overcomplicated and pretentious, but the food bears little relation to that described and as for the 'mud' and 'dust' - come on, Gordon Ramsey would simplify and reduce this wordplay at a stroke. The Mexican Restaurant was similarly effected by wordage but the food here tended to deliver except for the desserts again. Portofino the Mediterranean restaurant, likewise. Oceana was a simpler more direct approach with a well constructed, mainly seafood menu, with few complications other than one bout of food poisoning, which didn't stop us returning for the excellent scallops and 'Surf & Turf'. The Seaside grill has a simple menu and is good for lunch. The World Cafe offers a mass of choices for breakfast including much which is prepared for you on the grill, but look out for the toaster which my wife had to prepare for the staff and other guests every morning! At lunchtime this restaurant provides a respite from the heat, as it is airconditioned, and a good choice of either ready prepared food or cooked to you requirements. There was plenty of fruit available at both breakfast and lunch and there was fizz (Cava) on tap at breakfast. The included wines were reasonable Chilean ones. The whites were better than the reds because the reds were too young and would have benefitted from a couple more years in the bottle, but even so the Chilean Cabernet Merlot was smooth with an acceptable palate. Service was always friendly if not overly efficient - best of the bunch Freddie in the Seaside Grill, Andres breakfast and Mexican and Abel in Oceana, subjective I know! My wife slipped and hurt her knees in the poorly lit area near the spiral fountain one night and, combined with food poisoning, the tin in the dessert, and nearly being impaled by a flying pool umbrella, we took our concerns to the general manager. That we had to do this at all is in itself an indictment of the hotel in not responding adequately at the time. However, Eric was friendly and helpful and essentially offered us whatever we wanted by way of restitution - another upgrade, another room, another hotel even. Having enjoyed the view from our lofty perch for 10 days we took the option of a swimout room in the same block. We really enjoyed this but would not have paid the additional $100 a night being asked for them. They have no view, but do have a nice aspect direct into the swimout pool which was enjoyable (we were a bit splashy!) and there is some privacy. Other aspects of the resort were the enormous lizards one could happen upon at times. The unrelenting breeze, the amazing sea and beach, the relaxation and hot sun. Noisy, boisterous transatlantic cousins - having a good time clearly, but so loudly! A conference playing team building games on the beach - wish we could have that one! Would we go back, probably not, too challenging and expensive for what was on offer.