My husband and I just returned today from SMB. Overall we enjoyed our time here. As many people have already stated the beach is gorgeous. The resort has the palapas right on top of each other however. They also group four chairs per palapa which means you are practically touching your neighbor. As my husband is recovering from both shoulders being operated on and still being in a lot of pain, we just wanted to have a nice "quiet" vacation and did not really feel like socializing. With everyone so packed together this was a little tough to do. The same goes for the pool area especially the infinity pool. Check-in was very quick and we were greeted with the cool towels and champagne. We had booked an ocean view room but not preferred club so expected to be back towards the lobby area but on a top floor. We were very pleasantly suprised to be upraded to a preferred club room in building 25. The receptionist did not tell us this at the time nor did we ask for an upgrade so when we arrived in our room and found it so close to the beach we could not have been happier. I am sorry to say that we did not enjoy the food very much. Room service was great. Food always arrived hot and quick. Dinner at the specialty restaurants was another story. The menu selections were just way too strange and elaborate. I think they were going for gourmet and ended up with weird. We did enjoy our steak at the seaside grill and at the hibachi restaurant. Unfortunately the Seaside was closed two nights while we were there so we didn't get a chance to go back. The Mexican fiesta buffet they had by the pools one night was pretty much inedible. This was our fourth trip to Mexico and I have never heard of most of the dishes they were serving. We did go to some of the shows and found them ok. The fire and drum show was awesome but the rest of them could use a little work. Overall we enjoyed our stay so don't let our negative comments keep you away. Just being honest about what we were looking for on this particular trip due to my husbands illness and we just didn't find it here. Next year could be a whole different story and we may very well return.