This was exactly what we needed......relaxation and sun. The best part was not having to plan anything or do anything once we arrived as it's all done for you. Only regrets are that the trip wasn't long enough, didn't get to snorkel, and didn't make it to Tulum for the ruins. If you're looking for a serious vacation in the sun, I'd recommend Secrets Maroma. CHECK IN: It's a bit confusing at check in. We arrived about an hour before check in, were given champagne, and directed to the lobby where someone would get us for check in. What they didn't say was that it would be an HOUR before anyone came to begin the check in process. My guess is that they forget about you if you aren't in direct view. The upside was a room upgrade for the wait. FOOD: If you're looking for amazing food, the only thing close is El Patio. The portions are as they should be, and the presentation at the a la carte's is well-done. WORLD CAFE: Avoid the World Cafe buffet at dinner. The food was terrible and the atmosphere poor (not to mention serving undercooked chicken...which is an instant appetite killer). For breakfast, however, it's really great. Lots of options and the fresh squeezed juices are delicious (try the watermelon!). SEASIDE: Fajitas were great at lunch, and the breakfast options were delicious. OCEANA: Avoid the salad bar...it's terrible. The Surf/Turf and the Sea Bass were delicious, and the atmosphere is wonderful at night (overlooks pool and ocean). HIMITSU: Service was great and the atmosphere neat. It was the only restaurant with a wait (45 minutes at that). The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. EL PATIO: Excellent!!! Freddy, our waiter, made several recommendations and all were spot on. The Rock Cornish and Steak were both delicious, as were the desserts, soups, and appetizers. SERVICE: Generally really good. We tipped everyone, the amount depending on the service. I read elsewhere that it's a good idea to bring about $100 in one dollar bills to spread around, and it seemed to work well. At the pool, it certainly encourages the waitstaff to return more frequently. BARS: Service at the Sugar Reef is great, just okay at the other bars. The best drink? Mojito (request Bacardi). POOLS: The "infinity" pool is the one where people reserve seats at 6:00am. The reason is that those get sun right away, so if you're a sunseeker, those are prime. We were always able to locate seats at the other pool (right next to infinity) by 9:00am. The floaties are a hot commodity and people hoard them. They may use one once for 15 minutes, but they'll refuse to give them away for the remainder of the day. A bit absurd. There were people there who were obviously part of a group trip, but they weren't obnoxious (a bit more rowdy, but not terrible). BEACH: Amazing!!! ROOMS: We got upgraded to an Ocean View in building 15, and the view was amazing. The room is plenty large, the bathroom affords plenty of privacy (frosted glass doors), and the deck is great for relaxing. We tipped the maid $3/day and the drink stocker $5 for the week (he saw what we liked to drink and provided us with a lot of those....so much that it didn't all fit in the fridge). TRANSFERS: We used Cancun Transfers and were pleasantly surprised. We had a direct private ride to/from the resort/airport for $82 round-trip. We tipped each driver $5. Well worth the price to avoid cramming on a bus and stopping at various resorts. NOTE: Bring a ton of sunscreen. We brought 4 bottles of spray on and went through all of it over the course of 4 days. Granted, we used a lot since the sun is quite strong and we have fair skin, but I still managed a burn or two. The sunscreen at the store is seriously overpriced. Also, we didn't really have any mosquito issues, but when they do turn-down, the door is WIDE open....letting in a variety of bugs.