My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon at SMB. We were there March 13-20. Before we went, we read probably every single review there was for this resort. Some good, some not so great. Some people rave about the great, wonderful service they got, some complain about the things they did not get. We thought those people were perhaps expecting too much but after having experienced it ourselves, I think honestly it is more an issue of consistency in tending to their guests. I don't believe it is in intentional, I believe it just is. If you are looking for a beautiful, perfect beach, this is the place. I can't say enough good things about the beach. We spent most of our time at the beach and no time at the pool. Just our preference. The resort itself is beautiful, no question about that. The rooms are awesome, beds are great, the facility overall was really something in itself. We had a wonderful time we while we were there. There are a couple of things that people might want to be aware of. Number one is tips. We weren't sure how we should handle this at an AI that says tips included, but to be safe, we decided we would tip for exceptional service. There were people that definitely went above and beyond, but not all. And it seemed the ones that put forth the extra effort did not expect a tip, however, those that didn't do much to deserve it seemed to have the expectation of a tip. So regardless of what people say, tips ARE expected. If you don't believe that, just watch a server clear a table after someone has not left a tip, pretty obvious. We believe if the service is good, yes, a tip is warranted. However, if you forget a tip, they will certainly not fulfill your requests. Minibar is an example. We requested to have ours filled with regular Coke. And for a couple of days (when we left a tip), this was done. The one afternoon we did not because we needed to get smaller bills, our fridge was stocked with other types of beverages. The following day, the bar was not refilled at all. It was a little bit of a bummer, but nothing we felt necessary to complain about. Just something to mention. Meal service can also be hit and miss. There were some times we would wait for very long periods of time before even being asked for a beverage order. But then at other places, and other times, with different servers, we would get service right away. Honestly, we didn't care if the meal portion took a while because it seems dining in Mexico is a longer experience than in the US, which is fine. But it would be nice to sip a glass of wine while you wait. Another thing is, some people mention the champagne greeting, and how their room was waiting for them with champagne and such. I think that's great. We did not experience that and we are ok with that, certainly nothing to complain about because we didn't get a glass of champagne, just something we noticed in consistency. Granted when we checked in, they upgraded us free of charge (and we didn't even ask) so I guess I would take that trade any day. Ok, so I do have one complaint. This hotel apparently caters to large conventions and groups. That in itself is not a problem for me, but in order to impress these groups, they would set up big, elaborate parties on the beach for them. The issue with this is that then these events take up the beach area for the entire day and evening. Being a beach person, this is what I went there for and wanted to enjoy it but on three of the days during our week, there were large structures being built right in between your lounge and the ocean. It was very disrupting and crowded the beach, so that was a real bummer. I understand on a larger scale, that group of people brought in more revenue than my husband and I, but I would be willing to bet dollar for dollar, our stay cost us much more. So, that one I will complain about. The other small items, we never said anything because we were there to enjoy ourselves and didn't want to spend our time griping about the little things. But, those are things that perhaps had we known, we might have chosen to go somewhere else. Or not. One last thing. If you are a foody and expecting awesome 5 star food, this is not the place. Don't get me wrong, the food is fine, but it isn't spectacular (with the exception of the sushi and spring rolls at Himatsu). Oh and if you are thinking you are going to be eating spicy food, that is not the case. If you want some spice, bring your own hot sauce and/or salsa. They have tabasco but that's about it. Or, if Freddy at Seaside is your server, you can ask for his special Habanero sauce. He will gladly bring it to you. Just our experience and our thoughts on it. We may try Secrets again in another area but not sure if we would go back to this one.