(and two days of clouds/rain). My husband and I recently returned from Secrets Maroma Beach, having spent two wonderful weeks there, Feb. 10-24. This was the 11th different all-inclusive resort we have visited, with each stay being a minimum of seven days. Secrets Maroma ranks up with the nicest ones weve visited, including Secrets Capri, Excellence Riviera Cancun and Grand Velas, Puerto Vallarta. Since we opted for the preferred club, upon arrival we were immediately whisked away, via golf cart, to the preferred club lounge. We were greeted with welcome home and received a cool washcloth and glass of champagne. Prior to our departure, my husband had emailed and requested an upper floor of building 25 or 26. The concierge first had us booked in a room in building 15 but upon further persuasion, a 4th floor room in 26 magically became available. Since we arrived mid-afternoon our room was immediately available. Our wonderful concierge Rosie came up and gave us a quick overview of the room and then returned with a platter of fruit, a chilled bottle of champagne and two glasses. Rooms I can only speak of the amenities in our preferred club room. The toiletries were those you traditionally receive at most nice hotels, with a couple of exceptions. As other reviews have noted, there is no hair conditioner so you should plan to bring your own. There also was not a small sewing kit as we sometimes receive, but Id brought my own anyway. We received one toothbrush and a small tube of toothpaste. One nice addition was a 4-ounce bottle of 15 SPF sunscreen. The minibar had a selection of sodas, orange juice, beer and water, and each day we received a small container of Pringles and bag of peanut M&Ms. Our room was very nice and the view was phenomenal. I would definitely not pay extra for a swim-out room or an ocean-front view. The swim-outs offered little privacy, and I enjoyed overlooking the pool and also having a great view of the ocean. Was it worth the extra money for the preferred club? Probably not for most people. However, my husband needed to stay connected with his office so having internet access in the room made it worth it for us. We received turn-down service each evening and almost always got the complimentary chocolate and a sheet for the next days activities, open restaurants, etc. One last comment about the room  there were more U.S. satellite TV channels than any other AI weve visited. Even if youre not in the room that much, its nice to have access to NBC, ABC, Fox News, CNN, etc. (oh yeah, and the Playboy channel). Food We felt the food was above average overall (for an all inclusive). We ate each morning at the World Cafe buffet, where there is a nice variety of food. The crepes are outstanding and I miss my daily fix. (By the way, the first time you go you have to search for the entrance as the sign is in front, where there are outside tables, but the door is around the stairs.) Most lunches were at the Seaside Grill as we needed a brief respite from the sun. We didnt indulge much in the salad buffet at the Seaside. The numerous flies I saw the first day on the sushi were definitely a turn off, but I didnt see them on subsequent days. It would be nice if they were covered, however. We enjoyed a variety of sandwiches from the menu and sometimes had ice cream for dessert. A couple of times we tried the buffet for lunch. While not memorable, there is something for everyone. In the evenings we tried all the restaurants except the Oceana. Our favorites, in order, were Himitsu (Asian), Portofino (Italian), Bordeaux (French) and El Patio (Mexican). It is true that El Patio doesnt seem, for the most part, like a Mexican restaurant. You wont find burritos, tacos, etc. But you will find delicious steaks and seafood. As other reviews have noted, you can request something from another restaurant if you wish. Once at the Mexican we requested the fried ice cream from the Asian. The waiter seemed confused at first but we received the ice cream. Its a real treat! We usually went to eat around 7:00 and sometimes had to wait at the Italian restaurant. It opens at 6:00 and can take a good hour and a half to eat. We received our electronic pager and went to the lobby bar for a drink while we waited. Service We found the service to be somewhat spotty. Our primary expectations at the restaurants were to get our drinking glasses refilled occasionally and that our order is taken without a long wait. Whenever these expectations were met, we left a tip. We also gave a dollar tip anytime we ordered a drink at the pool or bar. There were frequently wait staff coming around the pool area taking drink orders. We only ordered one or two drinks a day, and a couple of times our drinks didnt arrive. Pool Everyone plays the towel game and we were willing participants. My husband usually went down around 7:00 to get our spot. During our second week there were days the resort was at 100% capacity and we witnessed most of the best spots were reserved by 7:30. Most days the heated pool felt wonderfully warm. When it was overcast the water could feel a little chilly. The floaties were usually available if you searched around. Sometimes people pull them up by their chair and you may have to ask if you can use it. There were only two downright rude actions. One was a woman who grabbed two floaties upon arriving and put them up on her chair when she and her husband werent using them. The other was someone in a swim-up room who kept a floatie on her chair the entire time she stayed, using it as padding for her chair. Speaking of the lounge chairs, they were not the most comfortable weve encountered, especially the space where the upper and lower part met. Entertainment Staff My interaction with the entertainment staff was through water aerobics. This name is actually a misnomer as it takes place on the beach. It was usually a pretty good workout, lasting 25-30 minutes. Most of the time it wasnt high aerobics, except when one of the guys led it. Each day the staff also set up a net for pool volleyball and later water polo. Entertainment The entertainment at 9:00 p.m. in the theater was pretty good. Some of the staff they brought in is very talented. The acts we found most entertaining were drums and capoeira, hypnotist, circus and Secrets American Idol. Each weeks winner of the Idol contest actually receives three free days at Secrets Maroma. Critters We only encountered a few of the four-legged variety during our stay. The first instance was when we saw a small lizard  in our bathroom on the fourth floor! One evening we came across a cat when we were walking to the restaurants, but we never saw any on the beach as reviewers in the past mentioned. On the last two days we saw a large iguana by one of the jacuzzis when no one was around. Also our last two days we saw a strange type of mammal, once between the heated pool and the jacuzzi and then on our morning walk on the perimeter of the grounds. We didnt know what it was but it was had a long tail and a long snout. Plantings Even though it is a new resort, they are doing a great job with plantings. They continued to add new during our stay. Near the tennis court we saw numerous plants ready for transplanting, from sod to small plants to large flowering bushes to full-size palm trees. It will be interesting to see what the grounds look like in a few years. Overall We still havent found that resort we want to return to every year, but we thoroughly enjoyed Secrets Maroma Beach and would consider returning. When we travel we usually pay top dollar for our trips because we go through a travel agent and NWA Worry Free Vacations. For that reason we may have higher expectations than those who find a great deal on line. That being said, if you dont have a great time there you probably will never find any place that will please you.