We stayed at Secrets Maroma from 02/28-03/07. We have been reading the reviews for SMB for about 8 months, awaiting our trip, they have been mixed and now we can understand why. The resort is located on a beautiful beach which was really important to us. We arrived at the resort at 2:00 we were greeted with champagne and cool towels. They told us our room would be ready at 3:00 and it was. We were celebrating our 30th anniversary and when we arrived they had given us an upgrade to a 4th floor room (ocv instead of part ocv) per request prior to our arrival. There was an anniversary banner on the door, a bottle of champagne,a fruit bowl, flowers and an invitation to setup a champagne breakfast in bed. We were in building 12 and we had a great room and great view, prior posters had said this was not a desirable location and we loved it we don't think there is a bad location in the place. The room and greeting exceeded our expectations. The beach and pool service is the best we have ever had, they cannot do enough things for you and they all work extremely hard. The 1st day we did not get maid service until after 5:00, the second day we let the maid know we were early risers and would prefer morning service and it was always done by the time we came back from breakfast. We had turn down service every night. We are early risers and never had a problem getting a chair on the beach or by the pool. The last few days we were there the beach was too windy to stay on so almost every body was up by the pool. There are always plenty of beach towels available. The food was very disappointing to us. This was our 3rd trip tp Playa in less than a year. We stayed at Sandos Plyacar and Riu Palace Mexico and we both liked the food at those resorts better than Secrets. The buffet was really disappointing with a very limited selection. The pasta at the buffet was terrible...when I asked the cook if the fish at the grill was fresh she said no, the steak she cooked me was so salty it was inedible ( it had been marinated in something) We ate dinner at El Patio, Himitsu, Oceana, Portofino and Bordeaux. We lunched at the Seaside Cafe and the Beach Grill they were all very disappointing, the service was good, ambiance ok, presentation was good but it just did not taste good. All desserts were pretty blah....we ordered ice cream from room service which was really good.The breakfast was very good at the buffet and was the best meal of the day. The other thing we did not like was that there were a couple of business meetings going on while we were there one group was 140 people and I don't know how big the other was but there were probably 50 or more. It kind of lessens the romantic atmosphere we were expecting. They had private parties at night and they hung out in large groups during the day. They seemed to generate alot of noise. In conclusion the beach, the service and the accommodations were excellent but the food does not meet the level of the resort. Resort is 5 stars, food is 3.5 stars.