Ok. After pondering about which resort to stay at we finally picked Secrets Maroma Beach (Jan 12-19th). I have to say the resort is beautiful and will be even more so once the plants and trees mature. We stayed in building 26 on the third floor. It was perfect! We had a view of the pool area as well as the ocean! The room was gorgeous and had everything you could want. Only problem was we had to put the shower on for ten minutes for it to get luke warm, it never was hot! Food: room service was excellent and always came when you requested it. We dined at Himitsu several times as we thought this was the best out of all of the restaurants for dinner (Definitely do Hibachi). Portofino's ran a close second (although was not a true italian restaurant as we are used to NYC food), very romantic and service was wonderful (portions are not large but you can order more and they will always accomodate you with a smile)!!! I'm not a big buffet fan but World Cafe was good for breakfast. I have to say Seaside Grill was excellent for both breakfast and lunch. Menu at poolside was great and was brought right to your chair! Buffet at poolside was great great great!! Thanks Ubano for great service and running back and fourth from the bar to the jacuzzi (not hot-which they were trying to fix) for our many many Don Julio's!!!! What they have to work on: We are in our late 30's (36 & 40) and in no means did we want a "spring break" type of resort. There was really no music at the pool bar which we thought was odd as did many of the East Coasters we met. Come on guys we are on vacation and in Mexico-you need to step it up!!! We felt that overall the resort lacked the vacation mode in the music department!! It was the same at the lobby bar, just not enough. Very quiet place! Spa: Beautiful! We had a couples message. Jacuzzi did not work. Top shelf liquor which was great and we most certainly got our moneys worth! Entertainment at the Club was really good, the band was wonderful! The beach is beautiful, unfortunately it was cloudy, windy and drizzly the entire week of our stay so we did not utilize the beach. We still had a great time, met some really great people who we will most certainly be seeing again. Overall we were satisified and for an all inclusive you really can't go wrong! LinJay