My wife and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from January 5 to 13. This is our second trip to Mexico having spent a week at Excellence Playa Mujeres in May 2008 and loved most of it. Apart from problems with our initial room as noted later our stay was relaxed and enjoyable. Check-in was quick but we had to wait until 3:00 pm to get to our room. We booked an ocean view room. This turned out to be on the 3rd level of the main building far from the beach. Sure there was a view of the ocean but at a considerable distance with most of the resort in between. The room initially seemed quite nice but my wife used the toilet and realized it won't flush because the plumbing was not connected to the tank! I called and the problem was fixed in an hour. She then had a shower and there was a flood in the entire bathroom because there was no raised ledge or slope up to prevent water escaping from the shower floor. By this time I was getting annoyed and went to talk to the assistant manager. The best he could offer was to wait until 7:00 pm and get another ocean view room at the other end of the corridor. He said our first room was a "handicap" room and no one had stayed there before. The other option was an upgrade to a honeymoon suite, OCEAN FRONT, for $150.00 per day more. We looked at it and it was gorgeous and right over the beach. He refused to lower the price and though I felt that we were in a way being blackmailed took it since we were already there and the new room was so much better. Maybe because the resort is new there are still bugs to work out. The rest of our stay was very pleasant. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The beach was beautiful and very long (shared with 2 other hotels, but the part in front of Secrets was not crowded) so we went for long walks on the beach. The food was generally good but because the hotel was only about 60% occupied only 3 to 4 of the restaurants were open on any given night. Other things I did not like was that even though I was paying for Preferred Club privileges and was entitled to in-room Wi Fi internet access, the signal was too weak to be usable. I did not complain because I spilled Corona beer on my laptop keyboard and it stopped working, and also free unlimited internet access was provided in the preferred lounge so we just used this. My wife got several mosquito bites but I did not. Overall we enjoyed our stay and may return in the future, but if I were to compare I would say our stay at Excellence was better because everything went smoothly there.