Secrets Maroma is a relaxing peaceful hotel set in lovely grounds although trees and shrubs are still very small having only been there for 4 months. It has great potential although it needs to improve in certain areas to become a great resort. We really enjoyed our stay. Mosquitoes were a nuisance but not hotels fault. The area had a lot of rain which has increased numbers. When we complained we were getting bitten the same night the staff were spraying the perimeters to control the numbers which definitely helped. 1. Rooms - beautifully appointed, typically mexican, rustic and welcoming. Bed is very comfortable and amenities are perfect. Don't waste money on swim out rooms higher floors are just as lovely. We did have problems quite regularly with getting into our room safe but they always came out quickly to resolve. 2. Beach - Definitely the best beach we have ever been to. Crystal emerald green water, sugary sand, beautiful angel fish swim round you and eat out of your hand. We were told it is voted as the 7th best beach in the world and we would definitely agree with this! 3. Room Service - Food was average although ribs are definitely a must have! Cleanliness was impeccable maids were very thorough and never left doors open to allow mosquitoes in. 4. Restaurants - World Cafe was definitely the best of the restaurants. Every night it was themed and the food at lunchtime was fantastic. Breakfast was amazing there too. Mexican was a little disappointing, Chocolate and Meat not a great combination! Chinese was very nice, definitely try tepanyaki and fried ice-cream. Italian was not italian. Being italian i think chefs need to re-train how to cook authentic food. French was also disappointing as was the seafood grill and oceana. All restaurants served food very nicely and staff were very attentive, however the food in general needs to improve in the al a carte restaurants especially as it is a 5* resort. 5. Drinks - Very good and made exactly as asked 6. Staff - Excellent friendly staff as a whole and very attentive. Entertainment staff were very entertaining and provided some good shows although some could be improved. Our concierge was extremely helpful and whenever we had any problems he would resolve them almost instantly. 7. Pool - Main pool can become busy especially around swim up. Infinity pool was lovely and overlooked the beautiful beach definitely soak up the view! Jacuzzi's were located within the grounds but were cold which defeats the object of this type of hydrotherapy. 8. Spa - We had a tour around the spa. It was beautiful however it put us off when we read the price list it was extremely expensive! Even the so called special offers every day were still very expensive. It would attract far more customers if prices were reviewed. 9. Desires Lounge - very cosy bar! Overall our stay was great and enjoyable although we would not go to a hotel that has just opened again as there are always teething problems especially as you pay so much to stay at these resorts. However we would definitely return to the Maroma Beach in the near future.