I visited Secret Maroma between Dec. 6-12,2008. I had read many reviews and wondered if this was a good place for a girlfriends get-a-way. This place was actually recommended by an Expedia representative. He was right with the room sizes, they were larger than most standard rooms and the bathrooms were extremely large. When we arrived , we received all of the wonderful welcomes spoken of in the past. Check in was fast but when we arrived at our room we had a king size bed for me and my girlfriend. Well we immediately got on the phone to the front desk but was told there would not be a double bed room available until the next day. We did receive our double bed room the following day and was up graded to a room with an oceanview on the top floor. Our prior room was suppose to be a partial view of the ocean but all you could see from there was undergrown fauna. With this upgrade came internet service in the room, our prior room could not connect to the internet. There is always the lobby if your room does not receive the internet. The staff was gracious and accommodating. If anything was wrong with the room (and there were a couple of problems) once you alerted them they sent someone up immediately to fix it. The spa is a must do if only for a 25 min. massage but you'll regret not getting a longer one. You can use the steamroom and the relaxation area will make your mouth drop open and snoring will begin if you stay too long (well that's why I had to leave). It is one of the most beautiful spas I 've ever been to. There is not a lot to do if it rain which we had two days of. I was told by staff they are working on a rain program. Alot of people were hanging in the lobby waiting for their rooms to be tidied up. I took 2 tours. If you have a bit of adventure in you I would definitely recommend Tulum X-treme. You visited the ruins in Tulum, then snorkled in a cenote (underground water cave), went zip lining through the jungle and repelling off a tower. Lunch was included. I would not recommend going to chichen itza. The tour was 13 hours long and only 2.5 at the ruins. Back to the girlfriends getaway. Maybe this place is good if you take along many friends with many interest but I took along the friend who just wants to relax and I'm a little hyper. All in all it is a beautiful resort and they had decorated for the Christmas season. I would definitely recommend it. If you are looking for airport transfer service I would highly recommend Cancuntransfers.com. Ask for Thomas if you can. It was $80.00 round trip for the both of us and private. No extra stops to any hotels. Picked us up and dropped us off in a Lincoln Navigator. Great!!!!