We travelled to Secrets Maroma Beach December 6-13 with two other couples. The vacation was great. First, to get them out of the way, a couple of negatives. We would have loved to take the pool floaties into the sea and have done so at other resorts. Even when we asked, this was not allowed. There should be more small tables to put between the loungers on the beach. They were scarce. Watch out for the floors in your room, they get slippery when wet, my sister in law took a tumble and ended up with a bad shiner. OK, now the the great stuff, pretty much everything else. We arrived early and two of our rooms were not yet ready, but were ready at the time they told us they would be. We parked our stuff in the one ready room, got some lunch and walked the beautiful grounds and checked back. We were in building 15 on the fourth floor...perfect. Right in the middle of everything and with a gorgeous view. My brother and his wife were right next door, the other couple in building 25 on the other side. The staff was incredible. You just walk by anybody; a gardener, security, concierge, chef, server, or anybody else and you were greeted warmly almost without exception. It seemed as though the staff took delight in fulfilling whatever whim you had. I believe we ate at nearly every restaurant. Most mornings started with breakfast at the World Cafe. It included many delights for every taste. We loved the extensive array of fresh fruit. Lunch might be paella prepared poolside, a burger from the beach grille, or something from the full menu at Seaside, also by the pool. I think the concensus for our favorite dinner choice was Portofiino. It was the only dinner place we ate twice. The Asian room was a close second. Our least favoirite was Seaside at night which is a steak house, but the steaks were not very good. All in all the food was very good with many choices. The service excellent. I think it was Wednesday night at dinner when i wondered out loud,who was going to put my napkin in my lap next week? We went into Playa del Carmen for a day. My wife did some damage buying jewelry but the deals were good and the people watching better. An expensive but fun lunch was had at Carlos and Charlies. Most of our time was spent on the beach and my wife and I walked both ways. To the left we walked as far as the Iberostar Grande, and to the right beyond the snorkeling sailboat. Only once at dusk for about three minutes were we bothered by mosquitoes. I realize this is getting long. All in all we enjoyed the resort and would return.