My husband and I traveled to Secrets Maroma from Dec. 4-8th for a friends wedding. Our overall experience was wonderful. The only other all-inclusive experience we've had was for our honeymoon at Couples Swept Away in Negril, Jamaica. I will give just a few highlights from our trip. Check In: We arrived at the resort around 7pm where we were greeted with a friendly "Welcome Home", cool towel, and champagne. The entire staff was very friendly. Since we booked through Orbitz there were a few errors on our check-in information sheet but no major issues. We received the free room upgrade and spa certificates that they promised and we were taken to our room in less than 20 minutes. *I have to note that the road coming in was completely fine. It was paved and just a little narrow but nothing scary AT ALL. Room: Our room was the only negative aspect of the trip. It was a beautiful room and had an amazing view of the resort and ocean. The only negative points was the really bad mildew smell coming from the shower and the fact that our room was right above the disco. For the most part we were up until 1am, which is how late the club stayed open, but our last night we really wanted to go to bed early and it was soooo loud. Also, there were maintenance people working on the room next door starting around 8am so sleeping in wasn't really an option. We probably could have changed rooms but decided not to so I can't complain much. We just lit incense (that was provided) and partied a little late each night. The view was worth it. Staff: All I'm going to say is EXCELLENT!!!! Food: The food was a 9 out of 10. It was delicious. You must try the World Cafe breakfast buffet...AWESOME!!! We tried every other restaurant but the Mexican and French. We had plenty of Mexican food at the buffets and wedding reception. Our favorite place was the Italian restaurant by far. The sea bass and chicken parm is spectacular. You must try the local red wine as well...delish!! The steak at Oceania the first night was just ok but other than that the food was really amazing. Beach: The beach was breathtaking. We had no problems finding a nice shaded spot to hang out for the day and enjoy the gorgeous view of the ocean. The water was a bit chilly but you get use to it after a few minutes. Honestly, our group spent most of their time at the heated swim up bar. It was a nice break after spending the day on the beach. Entertainment: The only entertainment that we partook of was the karaoke and it was a blast. My husband and I had a great time at Secrets Maroma. It is a new resort and very modern so if you are looking for a jungle haven this isn't your spot. Overall I give Secrets an 8 out of 10.