We spent 10 nights (11/19-29) at Secrets Maroma Beach to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary and had a swimout room. We didn't see any mosquitoes so we didn't need the insect repellent that was provided. The toiletries provided were great, though hair conditioner would have been nice. A floral arrangement, champagne and a fruit basket were delivered for our anniversary, and turndown service provided rose petals and a towel rolled up in the shape of a heart. Fortunately we had read earlier reviews and knew to ask for a swimout room on the north side of the resort because those rooms get sunshine whereas the southside doesn't. The water in "our" pool was a bit chilly but not too bad whereas we spoke to people who had swimouts in the south buildings and they were too cold to get into. The infinity pool was too cold to be in because it isn't heated and the first few days we were at the resort, the main pool was chilly but they apparently turned up the heat on it because later in the week it was fine. The waitstaff by the pool and beach were excellent. Be sure and tip them because they work hard. For that matter, tip all the staff because they all work very hard. We liked the Japanese restaurant the best and then the Oceana Seafood Restaurant which is only open at night was excellent. Some people may have an issue with having to put on slacks for dinner, but if you don't want to do that, then go to one of the casual restaurants. Had lunch at the Seaside Grill just about every day and it was good. The grilled salmon was wonderful. The beach has gorgeous white sand and the turquoise water is unbelievable. There were always plenty of unused chaise lounges and we didn't have any problems getting loungers by the pool either. Carlos, the bartender in the lobby lounge/bar was a very friendly guy and would prepare special drinks for us every night. The drinks were made with top quality alcohol, and the beers were well known brands. The house wines were also very good. Once the trees, shrubs, and underbrush has a chance to grow, it will be a beautiful resort. The ride into and out of the resort was an adventure since they hadn't completed the paved roadway, but the road is apparently now done so that is a moot point.