Husband and I just returned from a week at Secrets Maroma. The resort overall was very nice, but you can tell that this is a newer resort as they have not quite perfected everything. Hubby and I are Sandals fans, so this resort was a change for us. Check in: Our check in went OK. We were not given cool towels or champagne as we were checking in as we noticed other couples got upon check in throughout the week. As part of our package that we booked, we were given a free room upgrade. We were put into building 16 on the 2nd floor, room 1626. The bellhop that took us to our room made us wait around in the lobby until another couple was done checking in and then took all of our bags together. Room: The room was very nice and spacious. We traveled with my parents who were placed into building 25 on the 4th floor and our room was definitely bigger, although our view was not as great as theirs. The beds were super comfy, and the rooms were always cleaned in a timely manner. We have no complaints about the room! Bathroom amenities were excellent and had more than enough to get us through the week (probably enough for 2 weeks) Food: Food was OK. We didn't eat in all the restaurants. Primary complaint was that there are only 2 restaurants for breakfast and lunch. Dress code for breakfast caught us off guard - Bermuda shorts and t-shirts (no sleeveless shirts) You can order lunch poolside, but it takes upwards of 30-45 minutes. Drink service poolside was very good, hubby rarely had to ask for another beer before servers were bringing a refill. Room service was always about 30-35 minutes and they never observed the do not disturb light. If you plan on ordering room service, be prepared to open the door. The only time they ever used the room service box was the last day we were there for breakfast. Poolside service and room service did not seem to observe food preferences. (IE. Ordered chicken Caesar salad, came with squid or anchovies - even when it wasn't ordered) Entertainment: Not much to do in the evening - nightly entertainment was not very good, except for the Circus show. Very Vegas-esque. Spa: Spa was very nice, very dark and organic. Hubby and I each booked a Swedish massage at the same time and we ended up being put into the same treatment room. We didn't use the hydrotherapy circuit outside as when we checked into the spa they advised us that they were having trouble with the water temperatures. While we were waiting for our treatment to begin, we were given a heated neck roll that smelled like Tamarind. It was very nice. Spa robes only come in one size, (M or L). I would have preferred a larger robe so as to be more comfortable. As well, the spa robe fabric is not very soft. I had a sunburn when I went into the spa and the robe felt like sandpaper against my skin. Probably why I didn't spend more time in the spa, as I just wanted to get the robe off my skin. Overall, the resort has a very relaxed atmosphere. However, husband and I still prefer the Sandals chain over Secrets. I'm sure however, in 6-8 months that this Secrets resort will be much better.