Our package: 11/19-11/26, 7 night stay in a Preferred Club Jr Swimout Suite, bldg 25, room 2516. We booked AAA Travel and received activity vouchers, shuttle service, ins, and a free Eternity package. Us: Early 30s couple celebrated our 13 year anniversary & my graduation, and on a just a much needed vacation. Prev beach resort exp: Hyatt on Kaanapali Beach on Maui, Dreams at Los Cabos Mexico, Kata Thani Beach Resort on Phuket Thailand, Hilton Hawaiian on Waikiki, ResortQuest Waikiki Beach, & Waldorf Towers in Miami Beach. Like many of you, I had read all the reviews and scoured the net for info on this new resort. I wont go into every detail but only add to or counter some of the opinions posted. Road: My take on the infamous road to Secrets Maroma. Ecological preservation is good since it helps prolong sustainability for the area. It felt like we were going to a worthy and special oasis-type destination. Although I got the impression that many shuttle drivers were reluctant to drive through the 10 min bumpy ride. On our way to the resort to check in we stopped at the entry to the infamous road and we were asked to switch to another awaiting shuttle prior to entering the road. Fine by us as it was not a big inconvenience, we were on vacation mode. The only other time we ventured out of the resort was to partake on the Tulum Express  day Tulum tour activity (cost $50 US pp, purchased through a Best Day rep at the resort). After the purchase of this activity we were informed that we would have to take a taxi to the main road where the activity shuttle would be waiting for us. The Best Day rep acknowledged the inconvenience factor but assured us that this should only cost $3 USD and take 10 mins. However, around 11pm the night before our 7am wake up for an 8am pick up time, we were told that they would pick us up from our resort so we didnt need to take a taxi afterall. Great we thought, although, they picked us up 20 mins late so we thought there were some confusion there. Nevertheless we were pickup by a small shuttle bus then taxid over to Playa Del Carmen where the main activity shuttle bus was waiting for us to join the rest of the tour group. So before you book your activity, do verify pick up location. Check-In: 5 days before my arrival I had sent an email to Secrets Maroma general info email address to inquire and request certain things. Among the request are to set up a romantic dinner on the beach the first night to surprise my hun, stock certain drinks in our mini bar, and get a non end room for more privacy when using our swim-out suite as this was recommended from the reviews. Upon our check in Iszel, our receptionist at the preferred lounge, acknowledged my email and said they did their best to accommodate my request but could not accommodate all of them. Fair enough and pleasantly surprised to have my email acknowledged. Room: Just as lovely as everyone have said. I so had every intention of using our swim-out at night. I even brought 2 citronella candles to thwart off any mosquitoes but the water was so cold. It is likely due to the lack of direct sunlight during the day due to how the building is facing. Although I imagine sun position could be different for spring and summer months so I would not discount the swim-outs entirely. I would get a swim-out during the hot months because by then hotel will likely be in full capacity so there will be lack of pool space and during those hot nights when you want to take a cool dip in the pool. Oh this is funny, both our super comfy slippers were removed from our room second to the last day of our stay. Likely they didnt want us to take them. Our IPod clocked player and lights on the shower stall both stopped working on the second day. We opted not to deal with the hassle of getting it fixed. We figured loss of valuable pool and beach time is slight more unbearable. We really didnt care as we were on vacation mode. Weather: With the exception of a brief rain pour one afternoon, the weather is mostly sunny with some clouds. Definitely a bikini weather during the day. I highly recommend using SPF 70 during the day as many people were walking around with glowing red skin. It gets cool a bit plus the mosquitoes might get you at night so I recommend jeans and some type of shoulder coverings when out at night. Sunrise/Sunset: As a fellow west coastener I find the value at this place is the sunrise. IMHO there is no appealing sunset view from here. So get up early and take that brisk walk on the beach. That pool/beach time will end sooner than you expect. In November, pool/beach time starts to wind down at 4pm! Food: Were slightly spoiled being from the SF Bay Area but we found the food overall to be average to above par on some items. The breakfast buffet was something to look forward to but we were disappointed with the lunch and dinner buffets at World Caf so we would venture out to one of the other restaurants after. We also ate at El Patio, Himitsu, Seaside Grill, BBQ beachside, daily special cook-offs at poolside. Being a desserts person I was slightly disappointed with the lack of attention on this matter. I did thoroughly enjoy my tiramisu at Portofino (no, it wasnt the same type of tiramisu at Italian Night @ World Caf). By our last night I had a craving for something sweet, delectable, rich, and dark and this satisfied it. My huns hard-to-delight palate was delighted with the rack of lamb coupled with the red wine at Portofino, and he had a second serving of it. The flank steaks at this resort were delicious seasoned and super tender. Do not be afraid to order it. From the BBQ grill on beach, sandwiches from Seaside Grill poolside, to special request from room service, the flank steaks were served different ways and flavor, and it was delicious. Drinks: The one time I had asked for Patron I was told that it was hard to get for the resort. Something to do with it being more Americanized and bottled elsewhere. Anyway I was given 1800 which seemed a lot smoother. They do not have Red Bulls either so no VRBs for you. Seabreezes, Lemon drop shots, Miami Vices, Crazy Monkey, Mimosas and Negro Modelo, Coronas, Pacificos were our drinks. Room Service. Spoiled us during our stay. It was above par in service, selection, and taste. Oh, the coconut and strawberry ice creams were indeed very yummy and had it every night. Beach Bum Dogs: Those darn dogs. JK. They seem fine, fed by some, and real cute. It was an alert situation when they were around though. Beach: Ah, what drew me to this place. Lovely as everyone mentioned but what I liked most about this beach is the service you get with the Maroma Beach as the backdrop. The ability to get all kinds of yummy drinks and food, especially the BBQ, so you can tend to your nap or tanning duties is worth the price. The pool and were noisy and cramped. Overall, we enjoyed and fulfilled our goal of doing mostly nothing and enjoying each others company. We were on vacation mode and are now weaning ourselves off of the resort living.. from home. Boohoo. Oh more worthy of mentioning. The band that performs on the American Idol contest called Jucatan. They were great & really rocked! Hope to see them in the future doing stuff other than Rock & Roll. Reggae perhaps?