We visited Secrets Maroma from Nov 13 through Nov 18th. We used credit card points for this trip, so it was virtually free. Being that this is our first "all-inclusive" trip, we really have nothing to compare it too. After a somewhat crazy morning of having an "emergency" evacuation of our Terminal upon leaving in DFW, we finally made it to the resort four hours later than when we were supposed too. CancunTransfers.com was on top of our delay though and made sure the drive to the resort was pleasant. The dirt road leading into the resort is no big deal at all. It's fun and adds to the experience of literally being in the middle of the jungle. Upon arrival, we were issued the Tropical View Room, in which we reserved, on the top floor. I was hoping they would offer us an "upgrade", but I'm now glad they didn't. The rooms were very nice and had a nice view of the jungle. In fact, I think these are the far better deal than the Partial Ocean view rooms. From the top floor, we had a partial view of the ocean as well, but because of the position of the room, it blocked out all the noise from the pool area. Our room was quiet and we didn't ever see one person on the ground from the balcony. We could keep our screen doors open the whole time and not worry about people seeing into our room, as was the case with the other rooms. Overall, the less expensive Tropical View is the far better deal with the far better view... My only complaints about the room was that the Air Conditioner didn't work well, room service plates would stay in the secret box for over 24 hours, and they wouldn't put Negro Modelo in the mini bar instead of Corona...so much for the "all-inclusive" bit. The service was excellent. It was what made the resort, along with it's pristine location. Everyone was super-friendly, funny and pleasant to be around. The waiters continually joked around with us, gave us quick spanish lessons and put smiles on our faces. The restaurants were good. Presentation excellent. For the most part. Oceana and Seaside Grill tasted like microwave food. But it was still enjoyable. If it's food, I like it. Pools...well, they looked nice. And people seemed to enjoy it. But if I'm traveling a long way to go to a beach resort, we're going to go to the beach. It was definitely our favorite spot and just beautiful. One of the better beaches we've been too. Plenty of chairs for everyone. Beach volleyball always started up right on time at 11:30. And the water was perfect...even warmer than the air on the couple of cloudy days we had. If you take a beach walk to the South of the resort, there's an interesting abandoned mansion right off the beach. We walked up into it and explored around a bit. It was never finished but you could just imagine how beautiful it would have been. The views of the beach from it are amazing. The drinks are alright. Piss-poor beer selection...but hey, it's Mexico. And most Americans visiting have [----]-poor taste in beer anyways. They didn't have many good bourbon's there either. Some nice tequila's, but of course those cost extra. The house wines were decent enough. The spa is pleasant. We did the couples massage, which was my first time to have one at spa-like place. Lasted 50 minutes and I felt a bit awkward as it was my first time and I didn't really know what to do to get ready. No one really explained it to us well. But we just went with the flow. It was relaxing, but not worth the full price we paid. Prices should be cut by 40% to 50%. Overall we had a good time. It's a nice place. Don't know if it would be worth the money though if we didn't use our credit card points, but I'm glad we went. Hey, it was a romantic vacation for the wife. Next time it's my choice...surfing and adventure in Costa Rica.