My husband and I returned on 11/1 from a seven night stay at Secrets Maroma Beach. It was our first experience with an all inclusive. We read all of the review and were anticipating many hiccups and of course we did encounter many noted in review - bu all in all we just took everything with a grain of salt and went with it. Overall, it is a great resort with the potential to become the place to go in Rivieria Maya. I do think they need to figure out if they will be an exclusive destination point for adults or are they trying to be a Cancun party place. We do not drink and it was starting to getting annoying with how the bartenders could not fathom that we only wanted fruit smoothies with no alchohol. They kept pushing the alchohol even though we kept asking for nonalchol drinks. The Mexican Fiesta night also pushed tequila shots when we arrived which we declined and the man pushing the shots became annoyed with us. AIRPORT - If you book through a travel agent who has made transportation arrangements for you - do as they advise - walk straight through the airport and don't look left or right. Otherwise you will have people swooping down on you tell you they will make your travel arrangements for you and they are very pushy and rude. CHECK IN: We had an Apple Vacations transfer to the hotel, and had to stop at a couple other resorts before we arrived at Secrets. We were prepared for the road - and it is a trek through a very bumpy road through the jungle. Other than the bumps - the ride was good and we received a very enthused welcome. We asked for an upgrade and did receive a free upgrade. ROOM: Our room was ready when we arrived. The room was beautiful with only a few issues. The toilet had problems flushing when we arrived and they were in our room with a plunger to fix right away. Heading to dinner we called them again since it was flushing slow. We left them fixing the toilet while we went to dinner. 3 hours later we came back to the room and the rose petals were strewn across the bed as advertised - but we still had two men in our bathroom pulling the toilet up. They kept saying they were close to having it fixed but we called called the front desk and insisted that we haver a room change. Litle weird sitting there with rose petals on the bed with the guys in the bathroom! We moved up a floor and ended up with a better view - needless to say, we did not have any more rose petals or towel art for the rest of the stay. Also had an issue where some how the inside latch locked the door. It took me two hours to explain to someone what was going on and that it needed fixed "now" so I could get into the room. I was trying to call room service to order a cake delivery for my husband's birthday - and had to keep running back and forth to make sure it was being fixed. Th alarm clock would not hold time. The maid service was a little hit and miss as to when they arrived. The mosquitos were awful but managable since we took our own OFF. They were also a little slow on picking up dirty dishes in the Secret box or stocking the refrigerator. We only had turn down service show up one night - our first night. Whirlpool did not hold water. Shower can be a little cold. Swim out rooms - don't waste your money. No privacy and the water is COLD. GYM: A number of people have complained that it's not "really a gym" - but it has high ended treadmills, eliptical, free weights and just the right weight machinges to keep you toned while eating all of the wonderful food (By your second day there you do end up waving the white flag and just enjoy the food without worrrying!) Great music and an attendent who handed you water and a towel when you arrived. The only downside is that the cleaning crew had used furniture polish to wipe down the treadmills which made them very slippery. BEACH: Beautiful white sand, gorgeous blue water, PLENTY of shady places to sit, more than enough chairs the first few days. By the last couple days the chairs were hard to find. They kayaks were great. Beach volly ball was a blast. Service on the beach was a little spotty - they do bust their butts getting orders but we ended up going to get our own drinks on many occassions. POOL: Two pools - we only used late in the day to catch the sun after 2:00. The hotel was only at about 50% capacity, and the poolside chairs were full - will be considered on the small side when full capacity. STAFF: Entertainment Staff - They seemed to love their job and had activities every 1/2 hour. They put on an incredible show called Masquarade. The entertainment was a little hokey on some of the nights but it was fun. They do include local type of entertainment - mayan dancers, fire dancers, mariachi. Also - take the time to do the Spanish class and learn a few words so you can exchange pleastantries with the staff - all of the staff was very polite and concerned about doing an excellent job. Restaurant Staff - everyone one we met in the restaurants from hostess to staff serving bread was professional and did a fantastic job. RESTAURANTS: We went to every restaurant but the Japanese Restaurant. The Italian restaurant wasn't that great - we ended up leaving for the World Cafe to have dessert because the service was slow. All of the other restaurants were excellent. The portions are small and I thought just right considering the vast amount of food that was always available. World Cafe is awesome for breakfast and lunch - it was also great to hit later in the night for another round of cocunut icecream. :-) SPA: Was incredible. Only down side is the outside water area's hot tub is a little dirty and not hot. The showers are also cold. EXCURSIONS Just be aware that you are bused with people at other resorts - the actual activity may only take 1-2 hours to do but you may end up on a bus sitting in traffic for quite a while. They also have locals sell their wares at the hotel - and their prices seemed pretty reasonable compared to off the resort. With this being our first all inclusive adventure, we feel Secrets Maroma has set the bar for others as we are now hooked on this type of traveling! We'll definately return to Secrets Maroma some day and are now curious to try other Secret locations.