I returned last night from a 5 day, 4 night stay at Secrets Maroma. Booking: I booked through Cheap Caribbean for $2299 for two including airfare from Atlanta and airport transfers. I would recommend them for their price and the ability to call and talk to a person for concerns. Airport transfers: Cheap Caribbean uses Olympus Tours for its booking agent for this area. They were on time and quickly got us from the airport. They won't give you a return time then. They make you go talk to their rep and they try to sell you excursions before they will give you a return time. You meet with them on day one at the hotel and then go back the day before you leave to get the pick up time. I found the person at Secrets, Patrice to be cold and never smiled once at me. I wanted to book an Alltournative tour to Coba but disliked her so much, I booked it through the concierge at price that was $5 per person cheaper than the Olympus Price. Drive in to hotel: It lacks a lot, sort of like you're driving to a landfill. We drove to other resorts to pick up people for the tour and I was impressed with the landscaping at the other hotels. The driver said "road not so good, hotel superb". Check In: We arrive about 1:30 and was offerred an upgrade to the preferred club for $100 a day. I declined. I booked a Junior Suite Partial Ocean View. They told me to come back at 3:00 and I would get this room but in the preferred club building but couldn't use the preferred club. They said the room would be 1633. When we returned he scratched through 1633 and put us in room 1546 which was an oveanview. The check in was frustrating and time consuming. Hotel Itself: The room is fantastic. The floor is the bathroom is slippery when wet, so be very careful when you step in the shower. A couple of people were in wheelchairs while we were there from falls. I like the layout of the resort and the variety of activities, bars and restaurants that are available for use. Maid service was fine, the refrigerator stocker was spotty and never honored any requests for more than two diet cokes a day. He took my tip but never gave the desired response. Safe: It quit working and I had to call twice for security to come. The battery was dead. They asked for my passport to change the battery. Food and Drinks: Excellent, lots of variety. It's harder to get a diet coke than it is a margarita. I guess they expect you to order alcohol. I did both. l drank too many mud slides. Watersports: We took out a hobiecat most days twice. The weather there is perfect for sailing. Many others did kayaks while we were there. Nightly entertainment: We did Monday Night football on the giant screen, went to a star gazing party on the beach, went to a circus show in the theater (awesome) and saw a comedian. Spa: The massage was wonderful. They don't do a good job of telling you about the facilities and what you can use while getting a spa treatment. It may just be a language barrier problem. Coba: Did the Mayan encounter tour, a little touristy but would recommend it. You see a part of Mexico that is not visible from a resort. Overall a great experience, hope to return to the resort next year.