I am not one to write reviews, but because I appreciated all the reviews we read before our departure I decided to do the same. We returned Sunday from a one week honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach. Overall we enjoyed our stay. The resort has a beautiful location and has the potential to became a truly fantastic resort. We booked with Apple vacations. Upon arrival at Cancun airport we found our charter bus which ultimately took 2 1/2 hours upon sitting in the bus until we reached the resort which was a little frustrating. The Bad first: We booked an Oceanfront room after being assured we would have a great view of the ocean from our room. Upon arrival we were told we received a free "upgrade" to a swimout oceanfront. The only problem was you could barely see the ocean from the building 17 swimout and our room was right next to a service entry with a chain-link fence. We expressed out diappointment witht the room and they arranged for a room on the second floor in the same building beginning our third night which was much better. Also, the hot water in our jacuzi tub in the first room did not work. We also heard of stories of pipes breaking and flooding rooms in other buildings. In our builing, it also appeared a pipe burst as well as we could see them pulling out drywall and repairing pipes. Our Spa experience was not fantastic as well. My wife received a massage and a body exfoliation and upon competion she went to take a shower and there was only cold water.....not exactly a relaxing experience usually associated with a spa. The next day we heard from other people they did not have warm water at the Spa either even though some of the staff seemed be unaware of the problem (or acted as if it was news to them) Another frustrating aspect of the trip was the intenet service. Because we booked an oceanfront room, we were considered a "preferred club" guest which entitled us to free internet service in our room. However, the connection was spuratic at best. Internet service was always available at the "preferred club" room. Mosquitos can be bad, however mosquito repellent helped tremendously. Timing of maid service seemed to vary. One day it was after 4pm. However once we changed rooms it was very good with prompt service and turndown service as well. The OK: The food we thought was ok. Although everyone's taste differ, the best take we had on it was that we could find better food in Chicago for any of the different types of restaurants offered by the resort. That doesn't mean the food was bad, we gave it a little better than average rating. Some dishes were better than others, but I'm sure that varies each day. The Good: The resort is in a beautiful setting. The beach was fantastic! The pools were great as well. If you ask for the top shelf liquor the drinks were great. The rooms themselves were beatiful. We found the entertainment staff to be fantastic. I think it's mostly what you make of it. If you like to be left alone and enjoy the resort you can. If you would like to be involved with the entertainment staff and other guests, there are plenty of opportunities to do so as well. Shows can be hit or miss, but it is a great oportunity to socialize with other couples and head to the nightclub after the show. Overall, we found all of the hotel staff very eager to please and accomodating. No complaints here at all. Summing up, the resort was wonderful, expect a few glitches to occur during your trip, and I would expect after a few more months the resort will be even better.