My husband and I returned yesterday from a seven night stay at Secrets Maroma Beach. We've vacationed at Secrets Capri for the past two years and were ready to experience Secrets-esque luxury at a new location. Overall, it is a great resort with the potential to become truly top notch. Given a little time to work through the opening kinks, the hotel could easily surpass the tried and true amazing Secrets Capri vacation. CHECK IN: We had an Apple Vacations transfer to the hotel. As others have noted before, the transfer was relatively painless. We stopped at two hotels on the way (Silversands and Iberostar) and then headed down the infamous entry road to Maroma Beach. The entrance makes a statement - perhaps one that Secrets does not want to make. It clearly feels unpolished, unprofessional and even a little jungle adventurous. Not at all like the rest of the hotel. We did not receive champagne or a cool towel upon arrival - perhaps because we arrived with four other couples and seemed to overwhelm the new staff. ROOM: Our room was ready at check in - always a plus. We stayed in building 11, the "penthouse" floor. Building 11 is an amazing location - same building as World Cafe and four of the restaurants. Very convenient in the evenings for dining and entertainment. It was a hike to the pool/ocean - much, much larger than Capri. Part of the new hotel hiccups we experienced included some issues with our room - we had an ant problem AND a nasty smell. The ant problem was remedied with some hotel-provided spray and the smell went away after day three and lots of hotel-provided incense. The rooms in building 11 are all on the top floor and considered "ocean view." The ocean view isn't great - very far away - but your balcony includes an amazing turquoise tile tub and outdoor bed. BEACH: Far superior to Secrets Capri - beautiful white sand, gorgeous blue water, PLENTY of shady places to sit, more than enough chairs. More waves than I originally expected, but not terrible. Downside to the beach - the four dogs owned by the homeowner next door. They wander into the SMB area and look rather menacing. The hotel employees keep watch and regularly shoo them away. We also found the beach rather cool at this time of year. When it was cloudy, we found it more comfortable to sit at the pool away from the beach breeze. POOL: Two pools at SMB - one heated, the other was quite chilly. Most folks can be found in the heated pool. They are beautiful but not respites from the constant mosquitoes. Every day for lunch the SMB folks make a meal at the pool - fajitas, paella, risotta, etc... It was very popular. We also found there to be quite a problem with flies at the pool, particularly at the lunch restaurant and around these outdoor lunch meals. Personally, I don't think there is anything less appetizing than flies buzzing around a pan, but people seemed to love these meals. Another downside to the pool (and now I'm getting picky) - if you are over 40 or over 150 lbs, you may find it annoying to walk around the entire pool to get to the stairs. They are in very inconvenient locations. Otherwise, you have to raise and lower yourself into the pool with your arms. We heard lots of people complaining about how difficult it was to get out of the pool. People were resorting to floating the blue rafts onto the side of the pool and rolling off them onto the pool deck. ENTERTAINMENT STAFF: We thought the entertainment staff was okay. They never seemed to really be having fun or enjoying their job/guest interactions. They would get activities started and then bail. They almost seemed like the "cool kids" in school - a group that liked to make fun of others to have fun and spark laughter. They loved to tease and splash people playing pool volleyball that missed a shot. Having been to other Secrets' resorts, we never saw this type of behavior. RESTAURANTS: We went to every restaurant but Bordeaux. Nothing on the Bordeaux menu appealed to us and we preferred going back to our favorite restaurants twice. We didn't have a bad meal anywhere - a few bad courses, but never a bad meal. You really can't go wrong with the food or drinks here. SPA: Gorgeous. Nothing more needs to be said. LESSONS LEARNED: 1) At a new hotel, the squeaky wheel gets the grease. If you have a problem (i.e. ants, smelly room, cold water), complain regularly but remain polite. It likely isn't the hotel employees fault that something is wrong in your room. And, you won't be likely to see your problem remedied if you don't raise the issue several times. 2) BUG SPRAY - use it often, use it everywhere, use it when you don't think you'll need it. Mosquitoes are everywhere at this new hotel. They are working to combat the problem but you can also take steps to keep yourself bite free. 3) Tip often and generously. This isn't really a lesson learned since we've always behaved this way, more of a good practice while at this hotel. The service staff at this hotel work hard. You will often see them running to and from the kitchen to meet guest requests. They truly appreciate tips and they work hard to deserve them. Overall, a lovely trip at a good hotel. They have a major, major bug problem. We heard again and again from other guests that they have a major hot water problem. Once these and other kinks are worked out, this hotel has the potential to be amazing. We hope to return soon and see its continual transformation.