We just returned from SMB yesterday and it was a nice experience. The hotel itself is lovely and the staff cannot do enough for you. We arrived and did recieve champage and a cool towel and were upgraded to a swim out suite for our anniversary. We did receive our champagne and other anniversary amenities with our room as well. The room itself is lovely and spacious along with the bathroom. The pool area was nice and we hung out there quite a bit. The beach is the single most amazing thing about this resort. The water can be described as three shades of turquoise and the sand is so powdery and soft. I fell in love with this beach instantly. If there is nothing else about this resort that impresses you..the beach is a definite. I promise. We are not buffet eaters so we tried to eat off the grill during the day or order from the incredibly hard working wait staff. They will bring your food to the beach or the pool and it is a nice luxury. We did enjoy the restaraunts at night and we did enjoy each meal. The room service food is so-so. Not the greatest, but not bad for a quick bite. The theme nights are fun and we participated in a few of them. The entertainment staff are so much fun and do a great job in wanting you to get involved. We will miss Oscar and Alejandria. You do grow attached to these kind people in a weeks time believe it or not. The drinks are good and as long as you make friends with the bartenders they will find something to suite your taste. Some of the drinks that were on their pool menu were a bit sweet for us, but that is not a problem. They will get to know your tastes and make them for you accordingly. We had a great time with Sammy at the pool bar and also Victor at the Sugar Reef bar who made me take my first shot in probably 5 years. LOL... This was a very nice resort, that I am sure will get better with time. My biggest complaint were the mosquitos. They were awful. We even brought with us Off and Deet and Mosquito coils, but they were relentless and actually were the biggest downfall to this vacation. They would be in the room all the time ( I think this comes from the housekeeper leaving the door opened as she cleaned). One night I smacked one from me and it smeared on the sheet and the blood was everywhere and I had to have them change the sheets...They do spray every evening and that keeps them at bay for awhile, but then they come back in full force. You will not regret this choice, if you made it..even with the mosquitoes. Please remember to tip this very hardworking staff. I watched some people run these poor people ragged as if they were some sort of personal servant to them and never even throw them a dollar. We brought 200.00 for tipping for the week and it was plenty. They appreciate it very much. I understand that some people feel that they already paid for the vacation and should not have to shell out anything more, but it just looks tacky. Overall, you will enjoy this vacation. If you are going here you should look forward to a wonderful stay...You will enjoy yourself thoroughly.