My Husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon hoping for the best after reading reviews here and being a newer hotel. The hotel itself if pretty,clean and modern,the staff is friendly and the food is pretty good.It's also close the airport on a really amazing beach and you don't ever have to leave unless you want to do an excursion. On our second or third day there, we headed out to the main building and i wanted to charge my ipod on the alarm clock since the battery was dead. As we headed out,i put the "do not disturb" light on which usually means do not clean the room or come in right? Well we came back about 25 mins later and the bed was made with stupid towel art on it and my ipod was gone!!! I was so upset,,first for housekeeping coming in the room when they shouldn't have and then we got the run around from management. They did their "investigating" and that got no where and then they even tried to say i possibly lost it myself!! Then i spoke with SERGIO ARISTI who is reception management and he came off as being sincere and said they would credit my card for $200. I don't know why they couldnt just give me a check because he lied and i never got credit. I even faxed Sergio twice and wrote him 4 emails regarding this and it wasnt' until weeks later and a threat to writing a review here on trip advisor that i got any response. He wrote saying they could not credit my card but if i wanted to give them my bank account information they would make a deposit. REALLY?!!? Okay,what crazy person is going to give a stranger in foreign country their personal bank information? No one i know! I still haven't heard anything back or receieved any compensation even though they said they would take care of it. It's really sad when you go on vacation like a honeymoon, you put your trust and money into their hotel and things like this happen. Also as honeymooners,you're supposed to get little upgrades and treats which we didn't!! We had to ask for the welcome basket and we never got the cold towel and champange upon arrival. It might be a great hotel if their housekeeping and staff didn't go in your room when they weren't supposed to and steal your personal things!!