We stayed at SMB 10/27/08  11/3/08 for our wedding anniversary. To give a reference as to how Im comparing this vacation, we have been to Mexico twice before in the past 2 years. Our first stay was at Excellence Riviera Cancun and the second was at Excellence Playa Mujeres, which I gave 5 stars each on my review. I think the main areas that placed ERC and EPM a step above SMB was the property layouts and better service. Arrival: We used Cancun Transfers for our transportation and have to say we were a little disappointed in the vehicles. The first was a beat up Chevy and the return vehicle was a Dodge in even worse shape that surprised me when it actually made it back to the airport. Also, even though telling our driver our airline, he dropped us off at the wrong terminal at the airport. Once we arrived at SMB, we were taken to a desk in the lobby and given cool towels and champagne. We had booked a partial ocean view room with the free upgrade and $100 spa credits. We received the spa credit and actually a 2 room category upgrade to a swim out suite, which I had mentioned in an email to the resort about a month before our arrival. I was very surprised that they accommodated my request. We were told our room would be ready in about 15 minutes so we had a seat in the lobby, grabbed another drink and were then shown to our room. Room: The room was gorgeous. They had a beautiful flower arrangement and letter offering a champagne breakfast in bed for our anniversary. Also, a bottle of champagne and a fruit tray arrived when we were out checking out the grounds. The swim out was very nice but we only ended up getting in the pool once due to the mosquitoes, which we heard was also a problem on the upper level rooms. We had maid service completed every day by 2pm or earlier, turn-down service every night except for one, which was due to the fact that they came at 4:30 (??) and we turned it down. One night we returned to our room and found rose petals on our bed and a bubble bath with rose petals surrounded by candles waiting for us. Food and Drinks: We enjoyed all of the meals we had with our favorites being Portofino and Bordeaux. The breakfast buffet at the World Caf had pretty much anything you could want. Breakfast at Seaside was very good too, where you order from a menu. At 4  6pm every afternoon the have a specialty coffee and hordourve presentation in the lobby. The specialty changes every day which selections such as Mexican, Mayan, Irish, French, etc. They were all very good and the hordourves included finger sandwiches, chocolate covered strawberries, along with other desserts. All of the drinks were very good and they do use top shelf liquors as long as you ask for them. Service: Overall, we had very good service except for a few occasions that we had extremely slow service in the restaurants. I feel the service will improve the longer the resort is open. It was never anything we felt was unbearable but unfortunately we did see guests on several occasions being extremely rude to the employees for silly reasons like their soup not being quite hot enough. Also, I think some of the guests need to realize that they are in a foreign country and that the comprehension of English does not increase with increasing the volume of your voice. Our concierge Jorge was absolutely wonderful and we did have a couple small issues in the room like the bathtub not filling up due to a faulty plunger and he had it fixed within 15 minutes! Beach and Pool: The beach was beautiful but the water was rough for the first part of our week due to high winds. There are more than enough palapas for everyone, as it seems that most people want to stay at the pool. The pools were nice but the lounges were kind of crammed around them. Spa: We toured the spa and it was breathtaking but unfortunately we did not end up having any spa services performed.