We got back yesterday from a four night stay at Secrets Maroma Beach. It was a great trip overall-- here were our impressions on specifics: Service-- Good for the most part. Waitstaff was great. Our concierge was basically useless. We asked for a few basic things and she never sent them. When we questioned her about it she said that she didn't understand what we were asking for. (Which she never told us-- she said "Okay" and then never sent them.) Food-- Good, not the best I have ever had. Portions are very small. It's funny how the same things are served in multiple restaurants with different names. :) The World Cafe was the best in my opinion. Bars-- Excellent service. Great drinks. They are NOT skimpy on the alcohol. Try a mango tango! Room Service-- Very prompt service with delivery. Very slow service with pickup. We had things sitting ready for pickup in the "secret box" for a day and a half. (After calling three times and asking for it to be picked up.) Also, warning!!! delivery people/housekeeping do NOT adhere to the "Privacy Light" or use of the "Secret Box" as they are supposed to. It was pretty aggravating. Room-- Definitely the most beautiful I have ever stayed in. Great bed. Great bathtub. Great sheets/towels, etc. I loved the lighted closets. Mosquitoes were AWFUL. I mean really, really bad. Like horror movie bad. Hundreds swarm you at a time as soon as dusk hits. Bring GOOD repellent. (I bought Jungle Juice from REI-- worked great.) Spa-- Mediocre at best. WARNING!!! If you get a "spa credit" as part of a package-- they will NOT let you use it for a manicure/pedicure/any of the salon services. We fought it for a while and they did eventually let us use it for a pedicure but that's not the "policy." Basically just a massage or a facial is what you can use it for.. Very overpriced. The nail "technician" (and I use that word LOOSELY) was more or less inept. She literally put nailpolish all over the end of my toes and then "erased" with q-tips dipped in nailpolish remover. It was ridiculous. Pools were beautiful! Well maintained. Great pool amenities (towels, chairs, floats, etc.) The pool nearest to the ocean is NOT heated though, and that one is FREEZING cold. Ocean-- PERFECTION. Pristine. Amazing. They have great equipment you can use (sea kayaks, catamarans, etc... and they will show you how to use them as well. "Recreation" Services: Yeah, not so much. They try. They do, but the rec. services are pretty B-grade. And WARNING! Do not sit in the front row during the "fire show." They fire show performers TWICE dropped flaming equipment off the stage into the audience. Seriously. the theater is comfortable though. Very. Desires Nightclub was a bust. We didn't do any excursions, but we did travel into Playa Del Carmen one day ($40 roundtrip by cab). IT WAS AWESOME. HIGHLY recommend it. One more warning! Phone calls back to the US are VERY expensive. I think it was almost $10 per minute. All in all, it was a great vacation. I hope it doesn't sound like all I am doing is complaining, because we DID really enjoy it for the most part. I think a lot of the things we were unhappy with are just little "glitchy" things that will get ironed out with time and better training of staff as they get into the swing of things better.