My wife and I just got back from a seven day stay at Secrets Maroma Beach (we are in our early 30s). This was our 6th trip to the Cancun/Riviera Maya area and it turned out to be our best vacation yet. Heres the rundown: Airport transfer: We booked through Orbitz and choose Gray Line for our transfer. We booked a private car for approximately $90 round trip. Everything went well; we even stopped at a convenience store on the way to the hotel to pick up a few beers for the road. The driver was more then happy to oblige, in fact he suggested it! Arrival/Check in: After exiting off the main road the adventure began! The potholes were ridiculous (they were not near as bad when we left)! Yes there is a small section of road that is a one way through the mangroves. It was interesting to say the least. The second we walked through the doors we were greeted with welcome home along with a cold towel and a glass of champagne. When we booked we received the promotion offering a free room upgrade and $100 in spa credits. We never received anything in the mail/email so upon arrival I asked about it. We booked a tropical view room and ended up receiving an ocean view. My wife and I really wanted a swim out suite so we decided to upgrade to one for $50/per day. The room was not ready until 3 PM so we ended up having lunch while we waited. Room  Swim out suite: I read many of the previous posters reviews in which some stated that they didnt think the swim out suite was worth it. I thought my wife and I would be using it all the timewrong! The mosquitoes were bad even though we brought our own repellant (they also provided some). They spray every night but it didnt seem to help much. At one point we were provided a can of insect killer which I sprayed all over our patio area. We had piles of dead mosquitoes, yes piles. Dead mosquitoes were all over in the pool. The hotel does not do a good job of skimming the swim out suites; the main pools are a different story. Observation - almost no one used the swim out suites, we were not the only ones. Over the course of the seven days that we were there I could count the number of times I saw someone using their swim out suite on one hand (not just our building, many of them). The room was very nice; the bed was comfortable, it had a large LCD TV and a DVD player. We brought with several movies and were glad we did. My wife made use of the in room Jacuzzi (which was large enough for two). The water was hot but unfortunately so was the room. No matter how low the AC was set for the room would not get cooler then 73  75 degrees. Our neighbors room was the same. Main pools: Both the infinity pool and the party pool are right by each other. The party pool is heated and therefore used more heavily. Pool service was outstanding! The drinks came fast and often. People had lunch poolside which was very good. The burgers were easily the best we have ever had in all of our stays in Mexico. Tip  get up early to get a lounge chair, I would recommend 8 AM. I dont like it but it is what it is. Dont worry about getting towels; they are already on the chairs waiting to be claimed. Unroll the towel, drop off a book or something, and go to breakfast. Your piece of property for the day will be waiting until you get back. Drinks/Food: Drinks are top notch. My wife and I stuck with Grey Goose and Kettle One for the most part. The house white wine was also good. Ask for mas liquor and the bartender will happily oblige. Overall the selection was great and will not disappoint. They even have Don Julio tequila. Food was good but not much better then the other places we have stayed at. The Sea Side grill for lunch was ok. We had fish, fajitas, burgers, steak sandwiches, etc. all was good. The calamari was out of this world, make sure to try it. The dress up restaurants such as El Patio, Himitsu, etc. were nice but nothing was spectacular. We ate around 6:30 every evening and never had a problem getting seated. Our favorite was Oceana for dinner. Men can ware bermuda shorts at both Oceana and the Sea Side grill. The surf and turf was excellent. I was amazed how good the steak was; make sure to ask for extra shrimp! Room Service: Excellent, not much else to say. Its available 24/7 and they will bring both food and drinks. They will bring up to four drinks at a time so unless you want something other then the beer that is stocked in your mini bar you may need to go that route. It usually took 30 min or less. The secret door feature was great, we used it a lot. Room cleaning/mini bar restocking: Disappointing. Even with the red light off (when on its the equivalent of a do not disturb sign) we generally didnt have our room cleaned until at least 4:00 or 5:00 PM if even then. The mini bar was not stocked every day even though it was supposed to be. Since we could get drinks via room service it was not a huge deal to us. Bars: The lobby bar gets busy after 6:00 PM during dinner service (all of the dress up restaurants are located in close proximity to the main lobby). If you are waiting to be seated for dinner its a good place to wait. The preferred club is a bit of a hidden gem. When we upgraded to a swim out suite we were placed in a preferred club building. There is a bar, various games such as chess, checkers, etc. appetizers, and most important several computers with internet access. At no time were we asked if we were preferred club nor is there any way for them to know without asking. It appears they are not currently enforcing preferred club access to this facility at this time. The Sugar Shack (?) is both a bar and the gaming area. The pool table is terrible but I guess I expected that. My wife and I made good use of the ping pong table. The bartender is gone after 5:00 so dont expect to get any drinks after then. On a final note: The service at Secrets Maroma Beach was by far the best we have ever received on any of our stays in Mexico. All of the employees were great! The outstanding service is what really put this vacation over the top for my wife and me; I cant say enough good things about it. I guess thats why I am posing our first review. Observation - we are tippers and tipped on this vacation even though most people did not.