Yes, seven full days of rain, which was unbelievable even in rainy season. My husband and I stayed at SMB 10/16-23. We are in our 30's and travel each October. In Mexico, we have been to the Royal Hideaway, Aventura Spa Palace, Sun Palace, Isla Mujeres Palace, Cancun Palace and Moon Palace so I can judge SMB from those experiences. The road into SMB is not horrible. If you're used to back country roads it's no sweat. If you are used to highways only you may be a bit concerned. Check in at SMB was a bit chaotic. We arrived at the resort at 10:30am on a thursday. We were not offered the towel or drink but asked to have a seat near the lounge and someone would come for us. We waited 20 minutes until processed. We had a regular swim out booked with the upgrade at check in as part of our reservation. We are also and iprefer member but did not book through them. We were upgraded to a preferred swim out 1611 but if we wanted to have use of the preferred lounge we needed to pay $150 for the week. The lounge was on the opposite side of the resort from our building and we had our laptop so we didn't have use for the lounge. We were told to come back in 3 hours to see if the room was open which it was at 1:30. The room was beautiful and has everything you could need with the exception of seperate conditioner so ladies bring your own. On the downside we didn't receive the anniversary champagne and fruit plate that were part of our package. For the first three days housekeeping came at 5pm. We also didn't receive any turndown service for the first three nights. The resort was at 100% occupancy at this time so I think they were overwhelmed. Once the large group left service really picked up. We tipped housekeeping $5 and turn down $3. The lady who finished our week with turndown service was super sweet and she made towel sculptures that were very original ideas that we haven't seen in other resorts. I would recommend building 16 highly because you are very close to the beach and pool. Our room was really private because we were not next to the walkway. There are a lot of mosquitos at the patio and some were always in the room. Thankfully we never got bit in there but I did use spray. We did use the swim out until the last day when the water got too cold from all of the rain. They have underwater lights that change color at night and are very nice to watch. The beach is beautiful and they have added palapas so it's not hard to find a seat there as opposed to the lack of seats at the pool. I do know that we encountered a lady who "reserved" four different loungers all day at different areas at the pool and two at the beach for her husband and herself depending on where they felt like sitting at any given time. This greediness may be why there is a shortage. As for the dogs on the beach, they aren't roaming the areas where people are laying out. They stay off to the right of the resort. I did feed them daily and they were not aggressive at all. I hope they are able to find someone to take care of them. The beach service was great (hola Anna and Ceaser). We tipped $1/round and they were always coming by. The chicken wraps they serve on the beach were great and recommended. We walked to the IB Grande and Maroma's beach is considerably better. It is a long walk so take a drink. That brings me to food which was really just ok/good. It was not as good as any of the other resorts I listed above. It wasn't bad by any stretch but it seemed to lack just the extra umph that has you saying that was excellent. I think they will be able to fix that since it does seem to be a theme on many of the reviews. We did love Bourdeux ,the mango shrimp appetizer at el patio, the angus burger at Seaside and the coconut ice cream that I mixed with chocolate. Yummy! We had the romantic beach dinner reserved but it was rained out so I can't comment other than their are 2 choices (silver $150 and gold menu $200) The only difference is the added appetizer. We had a couples massage and then used the steam room and jacuzzi. This jacuzzi was warm but the two by the pool are not. We were the only two using the hydrotherapy section of the spa so it was really nice. The entertainment shows were good. Make sure to wear deet spray when in the theater. It's the only place we got bit. We got to meet a bunch of great people which was perfect on those rainy afternoons. Hi to fellow TA'ers Beechluver, Mysticpt, Memomuffin and John, Gina and Bill! We used USA Transfers by Brandt and would recommend him. In conclusion, the resort is beautiful. The service is great and the food is good but not great in our opinion. I would not hesitate to recommend the resort to anyone. We most likely will go back to enjoy the great beach and hopefully see some sun. :-)