We were there Oct. 20 - 27. I was a bit disappointed in this resort due to the inconsistent service that they seem to give. Some people were treated like kings & queens & some not. First of all, I cannot emphasize more about the people inside the airport right before you go out the door, they act like they are there for you & will tell you anything to get you to stop. Don't stop. Keep walking out the door & your ride will be waiting for you. They were there with our names on a sign,(we booked directly with secrets.) The road to the resort is horrible, once you get in there you think twice about going anywhere else because it takes 20 minutes to get to the main road. It rained a good deal of the time that we were there so all of the beach activities that the resort had planned were cancelled, we also didn't get to use any of the kayaks etc. because of the weather. Our room 2549 was on the fourth floor of the preferred building #25, it was a perfect location, you could see the whole resort & the ocean, the only thing I would have changed was I would have requested the 3rd floor as the 4th floor doesn't have a solid roof & with the rain we really couldn't sit out there much. We had the big bath tub on the balcony (I think they call it a plunge pool) but we didn't use it. The rooms are beautiful, the nicest we have had in an all inclusive resort. I loved the secrets box, they would always knock but then when you didn't answer, they would just put your order in there. The thing I don't understand is why they don't have trays that fit in the box, they have to take everything that you ordered off of the tray & put it in the box, seemed like a big hassle for the employees. Our mini bar was always kept stocked with what we requested. The housekeeping service was spotty at first but when I complained to the concierge it got better. I don't know what got us put in the preferred building, we paid for the cheapest room tropical view. It seemed like it didn't matter what you paid for, they gave you what was available, there was some honeymooners there that paid alot more than we did & they didn't get near what we did. The resort doesn't seem to know what they are promising people. We had the free honeymoon & anniversary package & the champagne & flowers were in our room with a banner on our door when we arrived, nice touch. We were supposed to get rose petals & special turn down service & didn't get it till I asked which cheapens it if you ask me. The special turn down service was fabulous. She had a bubble bath waiting with rose petals & our bed had rose petals, a swan & heart made out of towels. People shouldn't have to ask at a 5 star resort. Take note, if you run a bath, to turn the right knob for hot water, it is backwards. The resort was pretty & will be beautiful once all the plants grow in. The beach was very nice although not the nicest I have ever seen. The wait service was exceptional, those people work very hard. I was disappointed in the music that they played through the resort, like elevator, soothing music, we like more of a festive atmosphere. We had joined the iprefer club & since we had made our reservations through secrets directly, we got chocolate covered strawberries in our room (had to ask) & free laundry, however, no one there is aware that you are promised this. I had to show the girl at checkout the paper that showed the free laundry because she told me I owed her for it so I didn't get charged. We didn't go in the spa. Some of the shows were pretty good although nothing like a cruise. The food was good but a little too gourmet for me. If you like gourmet food, you will love it. The italian was our favorite, didn't care for the french restaurant. Liked the seaside grill very much especially for breakfast & the barbeque on the beach was nice (they could only do that 2 of the days that we were there because of the weather) We went in the disco one night, the band was very good, it was packed & alot of people were dancing. All in all it was a good week, it was relaxing, which was what we went for. If you are looking for a place with a lot of action, this isn't it. Room service was great, we had dinner in our room in bed one night , the food was good & the coconut ice cream in bed is heavenly. If you have any questions, I would be glad to answer what I can.