We stayed at Secrets Capri last October for our honeymoon and decided to try SMB for our 1 year wedding anniversary. We stayed at SMB from Oct 11-16. I will break things down to make it easier to read. Check-In: Check in was crazy. We arrived around 2pm on Saturday and of course this is the busiest time for check in. We were told to wait in the lounge for 15-20 mins have a drink then try back. We were in much need for a drink so that was fine. After about 20 mins I noticed that people who were arriving were getting checked in and here we were still wating. So I lingered around the check-in desks until the next one was avaliable. Check-in was smooth after that. Although we were never greeted with a cold towel or champagan or "Welcome Home". We booked a Jr tropical room through Expedia but were told a free room upgrade was included in our package. Needless to say that was not a room up grade at all, same tropcial view. They need a more organized system of checking in especially if it is a peak time like Saturdays. Rooms: We were in 2223. We loved the room. I think this room was nicer than at Capri. The bed was very comfortable. Sheets and comforter were very soft and a good quality. We had a few problems with our room. The safe did not work for the first two days we were there. We kept calling and asking when this would be fixed. This was inconvinient. FInally they brought us a new one. The light in our shower was also out and it took a few days for it to get replaced. I tried for that not to ruin our expereince. It was a little aggrevating. Also miad service and turn down service were spotted at best. Also in the evening hours if we had several lights on, the t.v and the AC on our lights would go out in our room and they would come back on when we opened our front door. Very weird. The secrets box for room services dishes is a good idea if they clean it out. Our room service dishes sat there for about 2 days. Food: We really liked the World Cafe breakfast anything you could imagine. Portifino was very good and the Himitsu was good. We enjoyed Seaside several times for lunch and once for breakfast. Food and service was very good here.We did not find that the desserts were all that great. Ice cream was good but I was expecting something greater. We get good ice cream at home. Service: The service was spotted. Secrets Capri is a well olied machine and hoepfully SMB will continue to improve in this department. Our conceirge (SP) was never in our building to ask questions of. I always had to walk to the front desk for things. We did have some good beach waiters< Erica, who walked up and down the beach thousands of times. We did tip well for those who really went out of their way. I booked a massage at the spa but got sick the day before and could not go. I was very disappointed. But I did see the resort doctor and he was very nice. Entertainment.: We did not participate in any of the provided entertainment. We were content to lay at the beach and do nothing. We did utilize the gym. For a resort that large they missed out here Very small. We always had to wait a while to use a machine. Some people are not consideratle and stayed on the machines forever. If people are waiting there should be a 30 min time limit on machines. Pools/beach: we did not spend alot of time at the pool we went to this resort mainly for the beach and we were not disappointed. We loved it !! The water was so clear and blue the beach was a really nice size. Plenty of chairs to pick from. It did rain on and off while we were there and the waves did get a little rough the last day of two but it was really nice to enjoy a gorgeous beach. I wish I was lying on the beach right now!!! Alot pf people hung out at the pool not sure why when there was one of the most beautiful beaches avaliable to us. Mosquitoes: They were pretty pesky. Make sure you apply repellent every where even before you put our clothes on. One night they were biting us through our clothes. All in all we were pleasently surprised with this resort. They have some work to do to be considered 5 star in my opinion. We had a relaxing vacation and did not want to return home. That to me is the hallmark for a great vacation. Overall I think we prefer Secrets Capri b/c it is smaller and more intimate. We do like the Secrets Chain and hope to stay at another one of their resorts in the future. If you are booked at SMB you will have a good time. So enjoy every minute of it.