We have just returned to the UK after a weeks stay at the Secrets Maroma. After reading many reviews, we were ready for the road in, and at first, thought this isnt too bad, until we realised our driver had taken us to the wrong hotel. Yes the road is terrible, and Ive never seen a worse entrance to a hotel. But we were lucky and never had to reverse or stop. The check in was easy, and we didnt have to wait. No sign of a drink or towels as previously read, but then again, after 18+hrs of travelling, we were pleased to get to our room. The room was lovely, a good size, with plenty of space for clothes, all the lotions etc you could wish for, a nice jacuzzi bath (which we had to have fixed), great shower etc. We couldnt use the balcony or leave the door open due to the infamous mosquito problem. We were very careful to close doors immediatley, and dont normally suffer from bites, but we got bit about 10 times each, even after using lotion. Yes it is as bad as everyone says. Room service was ok (circa 25mins) and mostly correct. If you like to hang your clothes, take hangers, as we only got given 8 in total. Our front door never closed properly, and would bang constantly during the night due to the high winds all week. They couldnt do much about that. The hotel is very clean, and has alot of staff working very hard. All the staff were very friendly and do a great job. You do feel everyone is after a tip, which we duly gave if we felt that person was providing a good service. The restaurants were nice, and we used the World Cafe most of the time. We never had to queue, and found the food very good. we also found there to be a very good selection of drinks. The pools were nice and a reasonable size, and seemed to cope ok, even though the hotel was at full capcity. Most people use the pool with the bar, leaving the beach side pool (not heated) to be almost empty. Unfortunately everyone else in the resort appeared to obtain there sunbed very early in the morning, then go off for brekkie, or do other chors, and returning later. By 9am the few hundred sunbeds were all taken. Sometimes we were lucky and found a space. We also saw people sit in one space, then move to another location, leaving the old towel there. Others also leave the pool area and dont take their towels back. The beach is truly lovely, however we were looking forward to using the watersports, but due to red flags all week bar 1 day, this stopped our fun. In the week, we had 2 days when the sun came out for a long spell, the rest of the week was black cloud, very windy and alot of rain. The poor weather also meant all beach parties etc were cancelled. The shows were very average and unfortunately all geared up for the american tourist. Most shows would start with,'who is here from the US....woooo....who is here from Canada...wooo, well we have a great show for you tonight' Its not a big issue but it does leave you a bit alienated, although we did find most of the holidaymakers very friendly Also, with beach shows being cancelled, it left some nights with eg an american singer @ 9pm in the theatre singing mainly american hits, followed by american foortball on the screen in the disco @ 10pm. The main problem for the hotel is location. Yes this does mean it can be on a great beach, but when the weather turns bad, and its miles from anywhere, it does leave you with not alot to do. A beach holiday with terrential rain, just isnt the same. We went to the Barcelo in Cancun (3+*) in Feb and had an amazing holiday, so yes we would return to Mexico again, but probably find a hotel nearer to the action, and book between jan and april when there is less chance of bad weather. Overall, it is a lovely hotel, but still room for improvement