Went to mexico for the first time and stayed at Secrets Maroma. We got a great deal due to the Grand opening special on Cheap carribean.com. Olympus who is the company who transported us from the airport were very friendly and efficient. They got us where we needed to be on time and were very helpful and informative. Secrets Maroma is on a protected preserve of land...so the road in to the resort can not be paved and is full of holes. Very rocky ride into resort. Once in... the resort is beautiful. We were greeted with a cold towel and a choice of cold beverage. Check in was quick and everyone was very nice and helpful. We were shown to our room by a conceriege who also brought our bags. We had a junior oceanview suite, which was pretty far from the ocean. The view was more of the resort and pool. The only full oceanview rooms seem to be in the two buildings right on the beach. Balcony was nice and private and comfortable. Bed was big and nice, jetted tub was huge and glorious! Shower was large enough for two, water pressure was fair. Double sink helps with getting ready together. Room was very comfortable and modestly decorated. Food was good. They had the best breakfast buffet in the World Cafe every morning. Omelets, sausage, bacon, waffles, fruit, smoothies, mimosa's and so much ,more. Ate at Portafino first night....good food...very dark...good service. Seaside grill was great and we absolutley loved Himitsu...ate there 2 nights in a row. Also utilized room service...which was always quick and friendly. Service was really great. Everyone was very nice and friendly and always said hello. Pools were warm and it was great just to use a floatie and float around/relax. Very good service pool side. Sometimes hard to get a poolside chair. Hot Tubs, 2 on each side were cold. Beach was beautiful. White sand, turquoise water, etc. Water was warm but very wavy and strong. Easy to get a chair on the beach and relax. Every afternoon a pack of dogs came to the beach to get scraps...they were cute but afraid to be petted. They frolicked and played on the side of the beach with eachother w/o a care in the world. Would go back again and again. Sorry to have only stayed 4 days. Next time will get a swim-out suite because they looked really nice and private. We were there during their rainy season , so the weather went from cloudy to rainy to sunny very quickly throughout the day. Will probably go back in more prime weather next time. Also used the Spa services once, had a coupon for $40. So I got a 25 minute neck, shoulder, and back massage which is priced at $80 for $40. It was very nice and relaxing. Their Spa is gorgeous. Heard maroma was overbooked because no one wanted to stay at Silversands. Hope this review helps and I would really recommend. Beach was absolutley gorgeous.