We spent five nights at Secrets Maroma in early October. The resort is very secluded, set back far from the road (off on a bumpy dirt road), surrounded by lush jungle. You really get the tropical experience, green as far as you can see. THE ROOM - We were supposed to have an ocean view room, but were advised when we checked in that we had been upgraded to a swim-up room. Stepping out of the room into a pool sounds nice, but it's not a private pool - it loops around all of the ground floor rooms. Plus, the attached pool is not nearly as nice as the main pools, so we didn't use it. We might have actually enjoyed the ocean view more, so think about it before you accept an upgrade or book a swim-up room. The room is gorgeous  very clean, big comfortable bed, nice walk in shower, marble everywhere, small mini-bar with soda, water and beer. There is a turndown service every night, where they remake the bed if you've napped during the day and leave an itinerary of events at the resort the next day. Only real complaint  weak water pressure in the room. It is fine for the shower (but not great), but our room had a big beautiful Jacuzzi. We tried to fill it one night, but the water flow is so weak, after 15-20 minutes, the tub was not even a quarter full, so we gave up. With the water pressure as weak as it is, the Jacuzzi is basically unuseable, since the water would cool off well before the tub ever filled. We just tried it one night, and did not raise the problem with the hotel, so Im not sure if all rooms have this issue. If you really want to use the Jacuzzi, check out the water pressure as soon as you get to the room, before you unpack, to see if there is a problem and if you can move to a room with better pressure. One temporary problem - the first night, we walked down to the beach and were covered in mosquitoes. We quickly left the beach and did not go back again (although there were people on the beach during the day, when I do not think the mosquitoes are out, or at least, are not as bad). There are two outdoor restaurants near the beach - seafood and steak - and they also had mosquitoes everywhere our first night. They actually sprayed us down with mosquito spray when we walked into the restaurant, which is only somewhat effective. The servers said the mosquito problem is only really bad when there is no breeze, and we did not have problems with mosquitoes a few nights later when we returned to the open air restaurant for dinner (and there was a breeze). This is not just an issue at the resort  there were also lots of mosquitoes at the ruins at Tulum, but we didnt even think to bring mosquito spray with us. FOOD AND DRINK - The breakfast buffet every morning has great variety - European meats and cheeses, omelets to order, Mexican breakfast items, fresh smoothies to order, great fruit, mimosas and Blood Marys, bakery items. It is buffet quality, but average to above-average. We ordered room service one morning for breakfast, which came promptly, although the order was wrong (even though the person who took the order repeated everything back correctly). We enjoyed the steak, Mexican and Italian restaurants, the seafood grill was so-so, and we were not very impressed with the seafood buffet at World Cafe one evening. I liked that the restaurants do not take reservations, so we had a chance to try all of them, without having to decide in advance, as long as we were willing to wait. We walked right into most restaurants, and when there was a wait, it was no more than 15-20 minutes. I was very impressed with the alcohol selection - canned Pacifico beer, Ketel One and Grey Goose vodka, a variety of fun mixed martinis at the lobby bar (similar to what you would pay $8-$10 for at many lounges). I don't drink tequila, but noticed they had Jose Cuervo. ENTERTAINMENT  The pool is very nice. It got pretty crowded when we were there, but we managed to find two lounge chairs together everyday, after looking for a few minutes. The pool is the perfect temperature. There is entertainment at the theater every evening  a guest singing contest (basically karaoke, with a back up band) one night, a circus show, a really good acoustic duo, a so-so comedy duo. There is also a small nightclub that plays a good mix of dance music, but people did not dance much while we were there, unless goaded into it by the entertainment staff. The entertainment staff goes around all day trying to encourage guests to participate in activities  bingo, water aerobics, etc. We skipped most of this, but did attend a pretty disappointing wine tasting (more like a lecture, with very little actual wine tasting). SERVICE - I think the resort tried to keep guests entertained and occupied, which is nice, since many people want to spend much of their time at the resort, since everything is included. We found servers very attentive and friendly, except one day, we had a difficult time getting poolside drink service. Other days, the servers stopped by every 20 minutes or so. We have only tried one other all-inclusive resort - InterContinental Presidente in Los Cabos. The rooms, food, and entertainment all were better at Secrets Maroma.