My husband and I just returned from a 4 night/5 day stay at Secrets Maroma. We stayed 10/15-10/19. The road in does make for an uncomfortable drive, but it IS Mexico and it IS an ecological preserve, so if you keep that in mind, you'll survive it just fine. The property is very nice. However, we received no welcome towels or champagne that I've read on other reviews. This didn't bother me much, but I feel that if they're going to do it for some, they should do it for everyone. It was a bit of a let down after reading others gushing reviews about their warm welcome. Our room wasn't ready when we checked in, but we were able to go have lunch and relax while we waited. Not a big deal really. The room was beautiful. The bathrooms do lack privacy, but they are very pretty. I like the moroccan style architecture in a lot of the bulidings and restuarants and especially liked it in our room. We stayed in 1633. I will say though that everything being tiled and concrete can make for a loud stay. Every little sound on the floor above and even in the corridor can be heard clearly. If you're a light sleeper, beware. The food in general was good. I agree with most of the reviews that the World Cafe breakfast is great. It might be my imagination though, but it seemed like the earlier we arrived to breakfast (opens at 7am) the worse the food was. It should also be noted that the World Cafe staff ran on "mexican time"...meaning that if you arrived to breakfast at 7:00am or 7:05am (which we did on a few mornings to make early excursions) you had to stand and wait with a group of other guest for about another 10 minutes while they got their act together. They were never ready to open when they were supposed to be which irritated us when we were trying to make an airport transfer or other bus that was waiting for us. We didn't care for El Patio, but enjoyed Portofino and Himitsu. We also liked the Seaside Grill for a relaxed lunch of "bar" type food - nachos, fries and the like. It is the rainy season, so we lost out on some beach/pool time for a few downpours, but overall it didn't bother us too much. We found the staff to generally be friendly. But we did witness a few interactions between staff that we shouldn't have. Angry exchanges and general confusion about duties should be kept behind doors where guests don't see it. It's hospitality 101. The other thing that really bothered me was that after our tour company changed the day of one of our excursions on us, I called the front desk to cancel our 6am wake-up call for the following morning. The confirmed that it was canceled. But -yep, you guessed it- we got a 6am wake up call the next morning! Since I'm the type of person who once awake cannot go back to sleep, I was pissed. That should not happen at a resort claiming to be as luxurious and relaxing as this one does. We went on 2 excursions...one with Delphinus to swim with the dolphins and the other to Chichen Itza mayan ruins. We enjoyed both but Chichen Itza is a LONG day, most of it traveling on the bus to get there and back (about 7 hrs on a bus to spend 3 hrs at the ruins). If you're not fascinated by history, and would prefer relaxing on the beach, skip this one. The dolphins were awesome but beware that even though they tell you it is an hour excursion, we had to be picked up at 11:45am and didn't get returned to the resort until 3:30pm. Another thing to mention is that a lot of tour companies don't want to come all the way back to the resort because of the bad road or they send a small bus to pick you up and then you have to transfer to a bigger bus. It's kind of an inconvenience. Maroma beach is indeed beautiful. The one drawback was that the wind blows tons of the fine sand in your face. We had to put towels over our faces much of the time...but it could have been just an extraordinarily windy day. The pools were also nice but it's true that if you don't get there by 10am, you're not getting a seat by the pool. Period. And selfish people did tend to hog the stupid floats. That's not the resorts fault, but maybe they should designate someone to go around the poolside collecting floats that aren't being used and piling them where everyone can use them. We had read a lot of reviews about the mosquito problem, but honestly, the entire time I was there I think I got bitten twice. We saw the fogging the place at dusk a few times. I think it's safe to say they've gotten that issue under control. The Spa was open, which I was glad about but unfortunately I didn't get to try out its services. I thought it was pretty reasonably priced for a resort hotel, but make sure you book at least a day in advance or more :(. Anyway, the thing is that we had a good trip, even despite a lot of the things I mentioned in my review. The key is your tolerance level for minor inconveniences. For the price we paid, we got a nice trip with good food, friendly staff and a scenic locale. If you're expecting the Ritz, you'll be disappointed. If you go simply wanting to have a fun time in a pretty place, you're golden.