Just back from a 5 night stay at Secret's Maroma Beach. It was a wonderful, relaxing vacation at a beautiful resort. The service, amenities, and food were all very good. The staff could not be nicer and it felt like there was a very high staff to guest ratio. Every staff person you pass greets you with "hola" or "beunos dias/noches", etc. As soon as we came through the door we were handed champagne and told "Welcome Home." Check-in was fast and our room (a swim out suite) was ready. The room was lovely and spacious. The bed was so comfy. Maid service was a bit slow some days. We would leave the room at 9 AM and at 3 PM sometimes still had not been cleaned. The nightly turn down service was a nice touch. We ate at all of the restaurants. All were very good, some better than others. Standouts were the lobster tacos at El Patio and the seafood risotto and parmesan crusted shrimp at Portofino. Desserts were pretty mediocre IMO (I am a huge dessert fan so a bit disappointed) Breakfast at the World Cafe buffet was fast and they have everything you could want. Lunch was either Seaside grill or something pool/beach-side ordered from the smaller bar menu. They bring it right to your lounge chair. The drinks were good and if not strong enough you could always ask for some extra. Good size room service menu available 24 hrs a day. The prime spots around the pool seemed to fill up by 9 AM but you could always find a spot. The pool was a bit louder than I had expected due to many organized games like pool volleyball, tetherball, bingo, etc. The staff worked hard to make sure people were having fun which is great but when I go on vacation I want to just relax and not play games. The spa had just opened. It is gorgeous but quite pricey. Lots of nice touches like a beautiful waiting area with cushy chaise lounges and soft blankets to recline on while waiting for your service. There are shows every night. We only saw the American Idol show and it was fun. Guests perform and compete for prizes. The theater is very nice and has bar service so just like with everywhere else on the resort, a drink is never far away!