Just returned home late last night from a week at Secrets, Maroma Beach. Had a bad experience checking in as our room wasn't ready but then they weren't sure which room was assigned to us anyway. After about an hour or so, some other check in person took us to the room they had reserved for us initially (whatever) for us to approve since there was so much confusion. It happened to be in the Penthouse. Needless to say, the room was great. It still wasn't quite ready for occupancy but was close enough. They were so apologetic and eager to please that we didn't mind missing a few amenities such as a DVD player, (they gave us free movies instead). We did however miss not having hot water but twice the whole week. On the day before we left, I jokingly asked the conceirge if I could order hot water and low and behold we actually had the water at the actual time ordered. Sounds unbelievable but it's true. We had spoken with a few other couples that also had hot water problems in other buildings we our room wasn't unique in this respect. It was our anniversary and they had that information with our reservation. We received a flower arrangement upon arrival and mimosa's with breakfast one morning from room service but that was the only special consideration. There wasn't any candles around our tub but since we didn't have hot water you couldn't exactly hang out in there long enough to enjoy candlelight anyway. This room did have a large balcony with plunge pool and king size lounge which was great for privacy. Also, there was only one evening that we were bothered by mesquitos and that was on a rainy day. The plunge pool could be filled & drained for each use so there was no standing water. I also thought the sunscreen & bug repellent provided was one step above and beyond the normal amenities. All that aside, the room was super clean, bedding comfortable and the housekeeper was superb. If we didn't receive everything, all we had to do was ask. They missed us one evening for turn down service and as we needed the towels I called around 10:30 pm. They sent two housekeepers immediately and our room was put to rights within 10 minutes WITH courtesy and smiles. Needless to say these two were tipped well. Room service was great however our room shared the "box" with the adjoining room so it was usually not available. They seemed to have a problem getting the dirty dishes off the penthouse floor as we almost always saw dishes outside doors. I loved the room service breakfast. Talk about starting off the day right! It did seem strange that they didn't have a setting for comfort for eating in the room however. We asked for another chair so we could both eat at the desk and they gladly brought us one. My husband is a Corona lover so we had to call just about every day to get our fridge stocked but they always managed to get it done. We didn't have any problems with noise from adjoining rooms or outside. I felt like we were in our own little world and loved every minute of it. We used the beach every day as we wanted peace & quiet. Never had a problem with chairs, towels or service. In fact, the beach service was outstanding. It is the best we have ever received from any resort in the Cancun area, Jamaica or any of the Caribbean Island resorts we have visited. The pools seemed to have a lot of action and everyone appeared to be having fun. There always seemed to be plenty of staff around willing and able to assist in every way. For the first time ever, I didn't use the spa services. I usually get at least a massage & facial but felt so relaxed after the first day I just didn't feel the need. (This is a direct tribute to the beach & service there and quality of the room) I did however go look at the spa and picked up a brochure. It seemed a little more pricey than normal but so is everything else in todays economy. I did ask three ladies we met on the beach that were discussing their treatments. One thought her child could have done better but the other two loved theirs. I guess it's just the luck of the draw and is almost always the case at these resort spas. I have read other reviews on here and have to disagree on most regarding the quality of the food in the gourmet restaurants. We felt they were mediocre at best. I compare these to the food at The Royal in Cancun and there is just no comparision. The Royal wins the food battle hands down in the evening restaurants. However, Secrets wins the breakfast, lunch & room service food battle in my opinion. In fact, if the food were to be kicked up a notch, I would rate this stay as the best ever even with no hot water! As days go by, I'm sure I'll remember more good and bad but overall, this is a great place and you should just go and not be shy about asking for what you want. I found that if you are nice to them, they will return the favor.