My boyfriend and I are both mid-30s professionals and stayed at SMB from Oct. 5-12 for some much needed R&R. It ended up being exactly what we were looking for. We loved the room, the pools, the bars, and the beach. There were a couple of days where seaweed was an issue like some other people mentioned, but that doesn't bother me too much. The activities people were always rounding people up for games and such. While neither of us was really into that, it looked like they did a good job. And we were VERY happy that the tennis courts opened on our first full day there. We got to be the first ones to use the courts! So here are some of our favorite things about SMB: 1. The drinks - they really do have a lot of top shelf liquor. We aren't big drinkers but it was a lot of fun to have a pina colada or mojito. Most of the drinks were too sweet in my opinion but the bartenders were very nice about following my instructions to make the drinks to my taste, which I really appreciated. 2. The room - it really is wonderful! We had a top floor ocean view and even though it rained a few times on our balcony, we liked that we were so high up and could see so much of the resort. 3. Room service - we used the "Secrets box" for room service each time we ordered and loved that feature! Just make sure your "Do not disturb" light is on. They may knock anyway but you can just tell them to put it in the box. 4. Activities pavilion - there is a fun pavilion with ping pong, foosball, and a pool table (the pool table is NOT level!) along with a TV and a bar that is open only part of the time. We ended up spending time here watching football and baseball and playing a lot of ping pong. There was frequently a decent crowd here but it was fun either way! 5. Scuba diving - we booked with Aquaworld down at the pool for both Cozumel and cavern diving - the package was a good value, they had good equipment and good dive masters. We liked the cavern dive better than the Cozumel dive. It was a smaller group and such a unique experience! Here are some things we liked (but that weren't perfect): 1. The gym - it's a little on the small side but Javier is very helpful. 2. The tennis courts - it was SO nice to have them open. We thought we were going to have to shuttle to Capri, which would have sucked a little. We only played during the day because I can only imagine what the mosquitos would be like under those lights!!! Oscar the tennis guy was very helpful as well. We brought our own rackets but they have some there for guests to use. I would recommend bringing your own balls - we managed to get a can of the good ones from Oscar, but the standard ones are not high quality. 3. The restaurants - It was nice to have several to choose from. Presentation was AMAZING everywhere but somehow the food never tasted superb. Desserts were especially weird - order panna cotta and you get something that has the consistency of chewy cream. And they have this weird obsession with "dust" on many dishes - you would have to take a look at the menu to see what I mean. We ate at all of the restaurants except the Mexican one (being from Southern California we get plenty of that!) and they all had the same pros and cons as far as we were concerned. And finally, here's where we think they missed the mark: 1. Service is spotty, especially housekeeping. It was disappointing to return to our room at 2pm and find the bed still unmade. We only got turndown service 3 of our 7 nights, slippers did not appear until our 4th day, we never got the bug spray that some other people did, etc. 2. Night-time activities seem to be poorly attended and not really suited to the clientele, somehow. We didn't mind too much but there is really not a lot going on if you are looking for that sort of thing. 3. Mosquitos were definitely an issue. I do not have bad reactions but I did get a lot of bites. They were everywhere! In the elevators, stairwells, and one day I got devoured over by the tennis courts, though why it was bad that one day and not others is a mystery to me. Just be prepared for this! I know this last one is not really their fault but the first 2, especially service, need to be addressed in my opinion. Overall, however, we really enjoyed our stay, and I would absolutely recommend this resort!