DH and I just returned from our 6 days at SMB. We had a wonderful time. Most importantly, we enjoyed the resort and would recommend it to our family and friends although I prefer Secrets Capri since it is smaller. Checkin-In Took less than 10 minutes. We original booked a tropical view but were upgraded to a Jr. Suite with Partial Ocean View. Our TA said she had requested an upgrade for us and that we should ask for an upgrade at check-in. We did ask and provided also our upgrade coupon that was part of the promo package we booked. I really dont know if any of that made any difference, since we had heard the tropical rooms werent open yet anyway. Room We were in Bldg. 15 on the 2nd floor. Our room was gorgeous and the beds are so comfy. We could see the ocean barely through some trees. When all the trees grow in, I dont think it will be visible at all. Honestly, I think the only place you will get any type of ocean view is a 4th floor, or maybe 3rd floor, closest to the beach. We didnt care. We were there to be IN the ocean, not looking at it. Swimouts seemed barely used. IMHO, I think they are more hype than anything. I never saw anyone get in them. DH and I knew wed rather be at the pool or beach with waitress service and music than at our room. They are not totally private. I think they mosquitos must be torture at night. I think each building had its own benefits. Closest to the beach and pool are great, but put you furthest from the restaurants and nightly activities. Furthest from pool & beach, puts you close to restaurants and nightly activities, but obviously a little bit distant from beach and pool. Dress code We never really saw any dress code enforced, but never saw anyone dressed like a slob either. I was surprised at the amount of people wearing jeans in this climate, but they may have been just following the pants rule and that was the type of pants they came in. DH wore flip flops to everything, since we didnt know you were supposed to have enclosed shoes. No one ever said anything. In addition to jeans, lots of women had cute sundresses or cute tops and pants and men had linen slacks and shirts. Very tropical wear. Smoking Being only quit for 7 months, this is a topic I would normally have been very interested in so its still keen in my observation path. Smoking was not permitted in restaurants or indoors (to my knowledge). It was permitted at the pool, beach, outdoor bars. Most smokers were courteous and ashtrays are amply provided. I did see a few people too lazy to use ashtrays which is a disgrace on them, not the resort. Food The food was good. Some items were really, really good, most were okay. Nothing was bad. DH and I dont pick resorts based on fine dining, so it really doesnt affect us. If its edible, it works. Gym/Spa We were actually quite surprised at how small the gym was. I think 7 cardio machines and a few Cybex pieces. They would do well to enlarge it, in this more health conscious age. Spa is open. I had a great reflexology treatment. I had it on the beach and would highly recommend it. I used the promo package coupon which they readily accepted with no qualms. Beach Gorgeous. They work very, very hard to maintain the beach. The sand is like talcum powder. The water is pretty clear. Yes, there is some seaweed. The amount seemed to depend on the current. I mean seriously, its [----] nature not a museum. DH and I walked off the resort property down further and I will say I was absolutely horrified. The amount of trash on the beach, mostly plastic, was astounding. There were just mounds, and mounds, and mounds of it. I supposed from passing cruise ships or pleasure boaters. It really made me sad. There were just tons of it. I also felt sad for the poor little wild dogs on the beach. With their new puppies. We hope that management would do the responsible thing and have them fixed and released. Breaks my heart. Skeeters To all who wrote about them before, my humblest apologies. I totally thought it was exaggerated, but having experienced it first-hand, realize it was no exaggeration. Sorry I doubted you! The outdoor restaurant provide spray which actually seemed to attract them to DH. He was literally covered with them and we had to leave the restaurant. The next night the wind was up there werent any. Just eat outside when its windy and you should be fine. Staff Couldnt begin to say enough kind things about the staff. They actually seemed to be happy and enjoy their jobs. I know I wouldnt have the patience to be so kind 14 hours a day, 6 days a week to so many different guests. They are a great attribute to SMB. Although tips are not required, we tipped as we felt appropriate to show our appreciation. Other Guests The overall age groups seemed to range from just married in 20's to 60+. I saw maybe 1 or 2 single people, most were in couples or large groups. Most people were so nice but there was a few who were so obnoxious, especially to the staff. I was embarassed that they were fellow Americans. They were the type of people who give Americans a bad name. (just my rant). Overall Overall, we enjoyed ourselves immensely and would recommend to others. Compared to Secrets Capri, I will say that I prefer Capri. It was smaller and more intimate. That is my personal preference. I find it hard to believe that anyone could have a bad time at this resort. I think you will really enjoy your vacation.