My wife and I traveled to Secrets Maroma Beach for a combo Birthday and Anniversary trip. We arrived just some 6 weeks after the Grand Opening and expected to encounter some issues. Yes the entrance is a little uneasy, but once on the grounds the Resort is beautiful. Like a young wine, it will be much tastier with age, but right now it is pretty darn great. We were welcomed at check-in with a cold glass of Champagne and a "Welcome Home" by every staff member we encountered. We arrived early and our room was not only ready, they had upgraded us for our special occassion. Our room was even nicer than the photos suggest and was everything we could want. We had the limited oceanview overlooking the pool area. When we entered our room a bottle of champagne and fruit bowl awaited us. Nice Touch ! Our overall stay was perfect. We met some really fun folks for all over the USA and spend much time in the pool at the pool bar with our great bartenders. The activity staff is very friendly and eager to help or get you involved in a group game. The resort was at 65% and two buildings were still not open, but we never had a problem finding a chaize at the pool or on the beach. The Seaside Grill is wonderful and overlooks the activity pool. We ate in the Grill first day and from the grill at the pool bar days 2 & 3. El Patio the Mexican Restaurant was excellent and treated me to a birthday desert and song from the Staff. The lobby bar is a great place to meet and greet. They have entertainment at Dinner time and the service is just right. The French restaurant is good, the menu is a little limited, but the food was good. We never made the Italian or Japanese Restaurant, but heard from others they were great. Right now they do not take reservations for the signature restaurants and that does make it a little hard to get in where you want. However you can show up and put your name on a waiting list and receive a beeper to signal your on ready. When the resort is opne 100% and occupancy is greater, they will have to take another look at the opportunities for dining. The World Buffet is wonderful for breakfast and you can do lunch and dinner there with little effort. I was able to meet a couple of other fellow TripAdvisor members and we shared some personal insights on the resort. Shout out to Texas Travel Gal and Dan you wild man!!! Two tips for your stay. Take advantage of spa offerings. We both had the 25 minute back, neck and leg massage. It was perfect and the masseuse were very friendly and skilled. Take advantage of the beautiful beach with a walk in either direction. Our favorite resort until this visit has been The Royal Hideaway, but they have a very limited beach area due to previous hurricanes. Maroma Beach is definitely the best beach in the Mayan Riviera. We have traveled all over the world and have stayed at 4 & 5 star resorts all over Mexico. I would rate Secrets Maroma in the top 2 of everywhere we have stayed. As the landscaping the matures and the facility gets fully operational, it will become #1. Yes, given the opportunity we would return in a heartbeat. Keep in mind as you read the reviews of this resort, that some people you cannot please. Some people have limited travel experiences to compare to and some people have way too much fun! MountainDude says Go, experience, enjoy and what plays in Mexico, stays in Mexico....