We read all of the reviews and forums prior to our 9/21/08 - 9/28/08 stay, and want to give you our two cents on our honeymoon trip to Secrets Maroma booked through cheapcaribbean.com. About us: upper 20s couple from midwest US, have lived in cities both large and small and traveled in many other parts of the world. Neither of us had been to an all-inclusive resort or to Riviera Maya before. Room: 5/5 -Our junior oceanview room (non-preferred) was fantastic - we were on the 4th floor and had a beautiful view of the beach/ocean. We were in building 24 - we would definitely recommend a room on the 4th floor if you're able to get it. -Room layout, bedding, etc. were all wonderful. Bed was comfortable and there was plenty of room and storage. We read one review that said there weren't US outlets in the bathroom (they were European outlets) - in our room there were US outlets everywhere. -Room was cleaned at least twice daily - we found the quality to be superb here. They refilled our bottled waters for each cleaning which was much appreciated (the standard is 6 bottles per room). Food: 4/5 for all-inclusive, 3/5 if not all-inclusive. -World Cafe buffets for breakfast and lunch at World Cafe are both great. Good selection and high quality. -Portofino was our favorite dinner restaurant. We couldn't find a good appetizer there (tried nearly all of them), but the lasagna or papardelle for the pasta course, lamb for the main course, and tiramisu for dessert were our favorites. -El Patio was also good, although we only went there once. Try the lobster tacos, even if you don't like seafood they are tasty. -The regular menu at Himitsu was a miss - but don't miss having them cook in front of you. This was good and worth planning ahead for (we made a reservation 1.5hrs before our seating). -Bordeaux was our least favorite restaurant - although the veal entree was decent. -If we would have gone to a restaurant with the overall food quality of Secrets Maroma Beach (SMB), we likely wouldn't go back because it was simply average. But there are some standouts as mentioned above, and we certainly weren't disappointed with the food portion of our trip in general. -The poolside food is terrible (poor quality, takes a long time to get it after ordering). Either go to the lunch buffet or for a quick lunch at Seaside Grill to avoid it. Fitness center: 3/5 -There are 3 treadmills, 3 crosstrainer/ellipticals, 2 recumbant bikes, free weights (dumbbells), and several weight machines. They provide towels and water in the fitness center. -There are 2 TVs, but no closed captioning or option to tune your radio into them to get the audio. They are tuned to soccer channels all day. They should also install a TV on the blank wall in front of the cardio machines, it is difficult to see otherwise. -The HVAC system in the fitness center wasn't working the first 2 days of our visit, but it worked for the rest of our trip. It still gets VERY hot in there, so drink lots of water. -The fitness center was busiest 9-11am, but later in the day it clears up. Once the resort is full, it could be hard to get on cardio machines - they were usually full during the morning. Pool/beach: 5/5 -We loved the water sports - hobie cats especially. We also did kayaking. These are available to take out during daylight hours and you don't have to pay extra for them. -Pools were nice, we never had trouble finding shaded seats (although sometimes we had to ask neighbors of empty chairs with towels on them if they were taken). Staff/service - 5/5 -Everyone was extremely nice and accomodating. No complaints. Excursion (booked thru cheapcarribbean.com/Olympus Tours rep)- Coba - 3/5 -This was an okay excursion - we had a good time, but would neither recommend nor discourage it. From talking to other guests, it didn't seem like there was a "can't miss" tour anyone went on - so look to other posts for recommendations if you want to explore the area outside SMB. Other SMB Tips 1. Mexican fiesta night (Tuesday) - they will force you to take a picture with a donkey as you walk in, and charge you $10 if you want to buy it. DON'T buy it - the picture quality is horrendous, however you do get to wear a moustache and sombrero. 2. If you can bear it, don't get frozen/ice in your drinks. One of us got sick from the water used in the ice to make frozen drinks. 3. Don't miss the circus show - it's a small stage cirque de soliel-like performance and very well done. The other entertainment is also very good - the 2 guitarists on Monday night and the band for the Idol show were other highlights. 4. The clocks in the rooms reset every time you open the door - so bring a watch. 5. It is very humid there, so if your clothes get wet they won't dry hanging in the room. Hang them outside to dry in the heat, but be careful to bring them inside since it rains there almost daily. Overall, we had a great time and would certainly return to SMB. It was a wonderful resort to spend our honeymoon at.