My wife and I just returned from a four night stay at Secrets Maroma . We were there from 9/27 -10/1. We knew ahead of time that the spa was still under construction, and this was the only reason that we rated our overall experience as above average. The resort earns an excellent rating in all other areas. We did not experience any major issues during our short stay. The check in and check out process was quick and easy. Our room (2448) was very clean upon arrival and everything was in good working order. Housekeeping and turndown service were provided daily. Room service was quick as our morning coffee always arrived within 20 minutes of our call. The resort was at 57% occupancy. We were always able to find chairs in the shade by the pool and beach both in the mornings and early afternoon. The food for the most part was very good. The offerings and presentations for breakfast and lunch at the World Cafe were excellent as well as in the Italian and French specialty restaurants.The roasted duck in Bordeaux was our favorite. We also very much enjoyed our private dining experience in the wine cellar to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The staff went all out to provide a very special romantic ambiance to the room, and this was by far the highlight of our trip. The food at the seaside grill was also very good along with the chair side beach menu. The seaside nachos, burgers and flank steak sandwiches were excellent. Our meal at Himitsu was our least favorite, The sushi was very good, but the chief used too much soy sauce in preparing the food at the show cooking table. Everything tasted too salty to us. The bar drinks were top notch with premium liquor flowing to your heart's content. The service provided by the entire staff was outstanding. The evening entertainment was in our opinion a notch better that what we have seen at other AIs. We did not experience any mosquito bites during our stay. We did spray repellent on our arms and legs before going out in the evening, and the resort did fog the entire area one night. We definitely would consider returning to this resort. The beach and level of service that we experienced will be a major drawing card when planning our next trip the the Riveria Maya.