I never write reviews. However, I wanted to return the favor of sharing my experience as so many others did when Secrets initially opened. Arrival at Cancun International Airport: The airport was beautiful, customs was a breeze, and USA Transfers was waiting to whisk us away within minutes of meeting our greeter outside. We arrived at SMB less than an hour after we landed (we did not check luggage). Check-In: We received the customary "Welcome Home" greeting, cold towel and champagne upon our arrival. Although we waited approximately 10 minutes for a check-in agent to become available, no less than three people approached us to assure us that they were moving the process along as quickly as they could. It was no big deal to us, as three other couples arrived immediately before us. Room: Upon check-in, we were immediately escorted (with our bags) to our room (building 14, swim out suite), which was beautifully appointed. The air was cold, the water was hot, the bed was comfortable, and the minibar was fully stocked. Restaurants: All of the restaurants were great (we dined at all of them except Himitsu . . . we were only there four days, three nights). We particularly like El Patio the best for dinner. Andres, our server was fantastic, and wanted nothiing more than to ensure that we were completely satisfied with our food and beverage choices. Lunch at Seaside Grill was especially enjoyable. Not only was the food great (you must try the chicken wing appetizer), but Oswaldo was the epitome of great service. Seaside was the first restauarant at which we dined upon our arrival at the resort, and Oswaldo gave us the full run-down of mixed drink choices, and made them extra 'especial' just for us. I swear, they really were 'especial', so much so that although the drinks throughout the resort were great, they never compared to the ones Oswaldo brought us (not to mention the fact that he had the next round on the table as soon as or before we finished the current round). Beach: Beautiful, powder white sand and turquoise water. What else do you want? If you're a hard-to-please type, then I'm sure you'll find something wrong with it. But for two overworked souls such as me and my significant other, constant drinks, cool breezes, and total relaxation was enough for us. Service: Impeccable. The service staff responds to every request with "It's MyPleasure." Cons: There is a serious mosquito problem here! In all fairness, we did see the facilities crew spraying each day . . . and it did rain quite a bit before we arrived. Overall, we had a wonderful time, and I highly recommend SMB.