For my birthday, my boyfriend and I along with our friends (couple) stayed at Secrets Maroma from September 25 - 29, 2008. First off, we booked the resort and flight with CheapCaribbean.com for about $950 USD per person for 4 people. This was a great deal considering the prices now going to Mexico and what you get from a beautiful all inclusive resort. We flew from New York City (LGA) to Cancun, 1 stop in Miami on American Airlines. Okay on to the resort experience: Check - in The 4 of us got to the airport and found Olympic Tours, we had very fast service, and we had a private car - this is a must do if you want to just get there and go! Instead of waiting around for shared vans/buses. Our driver came within 10 minutes, we got to the resort in a nice private SUV, just the 4 of us, weather was humid and a bit cloudy but not too bad. We got to the resort, immediately you know it's private because of the semi-long drive up to the main gate. A heads up to those who might get car sick easily - the road is a bit rocky, but not too bad. Immediately getting out of the car we were greeted by very friendly uniformed staff, our bags were taken care of (we each only had 1 carry on suitcase), and greeted with champagne and cold wet towel as some of other guests have mentioned on tripadvisor. We did wait for about 10-15 mins to check in, which was fine considering there was a table of free apples and chocolate chip cookies, you could walk around the lobby and see a bit before your turn to check in, really not a problem at all. I can't stand folks who complain about a 10-15 minute wait to check in. This happens anywhere in the world whether it's a one or five star hotel. Carolina at front desk checked us in, she was very friendly, sweet, and perfect English. We were done in 10 mins. We were assigned 2 king rooms in building 15 on the second floor (1524 and 1527). We were quickly taken to our rooms with help from staff (and we traveled light so he was able to fit everything on 1 cart), and he was nice enough to show us briefly where the restaurants were so we could eat right after. Our room was nice, however the view (or lack of) was very disappointing. Other than dirt and the pathways leading up to the pool/beach area, there was NO partial view of ocean. In fact, only few parts of the resort can actually see the beach. But for the money we paid, can't complain too much. Room amenities: Very nice and firm king size bed, lots of pillows, nice flat screen LG TV, you can get free movies (only a few you need to pay). Bathroom was great, water pressure very nice, jacuzzi was great, amenities include qtip, body lotion, shower gel, and sunscreen spf 15, shampoo, note to female: NO HAIR CONDITIONER. Colgate mini toothpaste and toothbrush, small razor and shave cream, etc. That's what I can remember. Nice thick white bathrobes and towels. Overall very good. They say you have to pay for internet, but we found free wireless and used that the whole time, fast and free. Room service: Now here's some of the mix review. Overall we were thrilled to get room service 24/7, but depending on the day's traffic, you could wait for 30+ minutes for food. The pizzas were okay, the Angus beef burger was hands down by far the best burger they had - juicy, thick and delicious. I thought the desserts were good, ice cream is what you expect, I loaded up on fruits like cantalope, honey dew, strawberries, etc. Restaurants: BREAKFAST WAS FANTASTIC!!!! ABSOLUTELY AMAZING SPREAD OF BREAKFAST BUFFET. Whatever you can think of in terms of an american/european choices, plus fresh omelet with a chef cooking for you, fresh fruits and juice. Some of the stuff that I can remember include: fruits, yoplait yogurt, scrambled eggs, hot pancakes, french toast, waffles, 10+ assorted pastries, chocolate chip cookies, oatmeal raisin cookies, lots of salad choices, fresh CHEESE! and proschito (sp?), seafood soup, hot sweet mini flan, hash browns, french fries, croissants, white/brown toasts, assorted jam/butter, grilled chicken, nachos/salsa/guacamole (this is pretty much a staple food all day long), fried beans, etc. I can't possibly list all the food offered for breakfast, never a wait, so hands down for the breakfast buffet. A++++++!!!! And of course, all you can drink :) Whatever you want from bloody mary, mimosas, to top shelf liquor if that's how you like to start your day :) We tried these restaurants for dinner: Thursday - World Cafe (international) On our first night, we didn't know that the wait for dinner could be 40+ plus, we thought 8pm was a safe time, unfortunately between 7:30-8:30pm is the BUSIEST time for dinner, and it's always FIRST COME FIRST SERVE basis, so after our first night we showed up for dinner by 6:30pm and had nooooooo problem. No wait whatsoever Nevertheless, the food was yummy, but definitely not the best. So if this is your first night, don't wait to have dinner late! And hit up the other restaurants first. Friday - Himitsu (japanese) INCREDIBLE. Get the rolls, or do teppanyaki-style if you have a group of 6 or 8. Sometimes they add you to another group. Space is limited for teppanyaki. You can order more than 1 main dish like combine salmon with beef, or chicken, shrimp, scallop, etc. We were lucky to get a private room for 6, and it was only the 4 of us, so we had the teppanyaki chef all to our table :) Wonderful service, beautiful decor and the best looking restaurant in my opinion. Saturday - Bordeaux (french) INCREDIBLE. This was on my birthday, so in advance we asked for a small cake, all waiters in suit-uniforms, decent wine selection depending on availability of the day. The seafood soup was good, they pour the liquid part of the soup in front of you. Service is impeccable. Sunday - Portofino (italian) INCREDIBLE! Definitely get the seafood risotto!!!!!! Or veg risotto. All the selection for main course was good. Anything from pork loin, to grilled salmon steak, beef sirloin, etc. The tiramisu is not your typical tiramisu but still very very good. Get a double espresso or cappucino even if it's not on the list. You want you ask you get :) Everday lunch - Seaside grill (outdoors, seafood/mix) Nothing spectacular, but good overall. Get the nachos, salads, and New York steak. Dessert and salad bar is readily available. Nice to eat while being outside if the weather is nice. So overall, no complain about the food - no one got sick, each meal kept getting better and better. Unfortunately we did not have time to try Oceana. Pool: Well, this is my personal take on the pool. Yes there will be rowdy people, yes there will be drunken people, yes there is water polo every day for about 2 hours, but these people are on vacation too and so you can't ask them to BE QUIET. Luckily there are 2 pools - one with the bar and one without. You can imagine which pool will always be the noisier one. The pools are shaped in semi circles, so it's actually not as big as I expected judging from the pictures. The only thing I would want is bigger pool, especially when it gets crowded. But service is great and plenty of space for chairs/umbrellas. Tip someone well and they will continue to serve you with pleasure. Beach: CLEAN, CLEAR WATER, YES YOU CAN SEE SOME FISHES, NOT THAT HARD TO GET A PALAPA/UMBRELLA, QUIET, JUST BEAUTIFUL. Absolutely no complain about the beach. Waiter service was great. We ordered anything from hard liquor to strawberry daiquiries, pina coladas (ASK FOR STRONG), had burgers, nachos, wings, pizzas. Always get bottled water it's good to have around. The burger meat was cooked on beach so that was nice. Relaxing and the only thing you can ask for is SUN! Entertainment: There's always something going on each night. The front desk or your concierge will give you a copy of every day's activity for the evening. Don't expect too much from the live shows, the staff work day and night and into the late night, and they entertain all day long, so if you want to do something on your own just play pool, watch TV, play card games and etc with your friends. Bar is always open. Some people come to relax and then they GET BORED, and complain there's not enough to do. Well this is a place to relax, to do NOTHING, so don't expect the staff to entertain you 24/7. For some people being on vacation means ordering room service all day and watch free movies :) For others it's staying outside all day and meet new people. So I think it really depends on what you're looking for. They do have a ping pong table, foozeball and chess table. Check - out Call front desk AHEAD OF TIME before checking out, this will help speed up the process. There might be a lot of people checking out so if you have to wait, just get a drink or cookie, no big deal. No surprise billing and speedy luggage service. We left at 8:30am on Monday, not a lot of people so we were done checking out in 20 mins. We left the luggage with the front desk to get breakfast, ate for 40 mins, and was ready to go. Smooth process from beginning to end. Last words: If you can speak Spanish, you might get much better and faster service. It was difficult for them to understand toothpaste or q-tip over the phone when I called for room service. Food - there's a nice expensive looking scale in each bathroom. Don't go on it :) You're bound to put on some weight at an all inclusive! Just eat, enjoy, and don't worry about it. I loved the cookies, fruits, meat dishes and would eat more if I could! Service - they are very accommodating and try very hard to meet your request. Tip well. We left $3 USD to the cleaning maid each day, $2-$3 for waiter service on pool/bar areas, and we left about $10 for dinner. RAIN - if you're going when the weather sucks, try to make the best of it, don't take it out on the staff if it rains. Gimme a break. SHOUT OUT: Look for Fernando on the beach. He HUSTLED! This dude ran each time we made an order and kept the drinks coming, he is one damn good waiter. Flor was alright as a waitress, I didn't think she was that amazing, a bit slow and sometimes forgetful. But if she connects well with you then she'll take care of you. The bartenders in the pool bar were great, however, always ask for stronger drinks. A lot of it is watered down. I really enjoyed tea time between 4-6pm everyday inside the lobby's bar, great mini desserts and white chocolate covered strawberries. Bottled water is available in your room every day, they stock up. Along with orange fanta, coke-cola light (as opposed to diet coke or coke zero), sprite, etc. Don't leave your door open for too long, those mosquitoes do get in. Careful at night when you're out in the theater/entertaining room, that's when we got most of our bites on legs/arms. The beach was also very relaxing, surprisingly clean and you can expect that from the staff - they clean rigorously everyday. If all else fails - the white sand beach will make up for it. Might help to bring GOGGLES so you can see fishes under water. Out of the 5 days, we took one day out to do the Tulum Extreme tour with Olympic Tour, our tour guide MARCEL was the best tour guide I've ever had. However, it rained all day so ziplining and snorkeling in the cave wasn't as great as it could have been. EXPECT TO GET 30+ BITES WHEN YOU VISIT THE RUINS. It was an incredible 5 day of endless food, towels, desserts and alcohol. We're in our late 20s, so we were one of the youngest couple. Everyone else was 40+ on average. Predominately white, folks from the south, not a diverse crowd but you wouldn't expect that in a resort like this. This is really not a place for individuals, 90% it was mostly couples (gf/bfs, newlyweds or married long time). Adults only was great. Swim out rooms - DON'T DO IT. Don't believe the hype. We were very close to booking the swim out rooms, first of all there is NO VIEW, expect everyone else can see your swim out, it's all along the public pathways, second, you are sharing the swim out pool (tiny tiny) with other guests, and lastly - it's just a waste of money. You got 2 bigger pools and the beach, why bother with the shallow swim out where everyone else can see you? It would be different if they have walls or bushes high enough for some privacy, but really, it's a new resort and they're still planting grass. so it's really not worth the extra dough. If you get upgraded for free then that's great, but if you are thinking of booking it for more money, spend that on the spa or outdoor activities.