The Good: Massages were great, even though spa was not open - once you are face down on the table, you don't care that the room around you isn't truely a spa. Staff is very responsive - one day we had bad weather, and all outdoor activities were cancelled. There was nothing to do but get a massage! So the next day, Secrets designed a rainy day activity list in addition to their regular list to make sure guests had activities available. Not everyone gets the same treatment - cool towels and chapagne and "welcome home" aren't guaranteed, especially if you arrive after dark, but everyone is treated royally, each in a unique way. The place is immaculately clean. The rooms are (on most days) checked twice by the staff, and you get a list of the next days activities, forcast, drink of the day, and spa specials the night before. The liquor you have to pay for is actually the cheap stuff I didn't want to drink anyway. Glenfidich and good tequilas (that's all I looked at) were free. Restaurants have good food. Except for the french restaurant, I recommened ordering traditional foods (ie lasagna or ravioli in the itallian restaurant). Normally, when I eat gourmet, I order what sounds like the most surprising mix of ingredients and it always turns out to be the best thing I've had in a long time. NOT SO here! The strange sounding things tasted bad, odd at best - except in the French restaurant. Not all restaurants are open each night, and most only open for dinner. The beach is very nice. Blue water and powdery white sands. I've lived on a beach, but never have I understood why "waves crashing" can be so relaxing - even the rhythm of the waves here is unique! The Bad: Rooms echo and amplify every noise and noise passes between rooms easily. (even a bit of heavy breathing - so if you are a shy lover, this is not the place for you!) There is no art in the entire place except for the three orange paintings in each room and pictures on the wall in the smoking lounge. There are alcoves and pillars for statues, but they are empty. I didn't think this would be important, but it makes the atmosphere feel sterile. I felt trapped, like I was on a cruise. Secrets is a $22 (US dollar!) cab ride (each way) to Playa del Carmen, a bit more to go to Cancun. It's a long walk to the main road to catch a bus. The resort's "mini-supermarket" isn't open, though you can buy a few things in a small shop off the lobby (sunscreen, headache medicine, caps). On excursions, you will spend 30 min - 2 hrs in a van while the driver picks people up at other resorts. It ends up that even short excursions take up the bulk of the day - also the same time the resort has most of their activities. The last day, we wisened up and rented a car ($50-75 per day for cheapest car, depending on insurance) and drove to Chichen itza by ourselves. We explored the small towns on the way - had the BEST food then. It's very americanized. You won't know you're in Mexico unless you rent a car and get out of there. It is built in the middle of a mangrove swamp. You won't get away from the mosquitos like you would if you stayed in town. Many Americans have worse reactions to these mosquitos than those at home - the bites itch and swell and can last a week. Use repellent - the natural repellents (citronella or neem) work well on the Yucatan species. Each room has its unique new-construction / new staff issues. For example, our TV volume couldn't be changed much, the clock kept being reset either on its own or by cleaning staff, the faucet to the outdoor tub fell off the wall, we never got the room safe to work (though we didn't bother much), and who knew what the temperature in the room would be (freezing or hot) after the cleaning staff came through. If we complained about anything, it got fixed, but there was a lot to fix, and we didn't want our vacation to be a continual room inspection. Clientelle still not what I would expect. Many guests had never travelled before are were sent here by their travel agent because it's a good deal. We did meet some wonderfully cultured couples, but they were in the minority. Okay, all you whities like me need to realize that in the sun is much closer to the earth in Mexico. You MUST wear sunscreen. There were a lot of lobsters walking around sick and in pain ever since the first day. If you sunburn, than means no spa and no excursions! I recommend using sunscreen with helioplex SPF 75 (more photostable and longer lasting than other sunscreens). Even with this I tanned and got a burnt on my shoulders. Lots of very tan ladies got red, too. Leave the tanning oil at home - bring the sunscreen. Overall: For the price, the service makes it the best. If you've never travelled, then you will really enjoy it. If you can afford better, I recommend staying elsewhere, at least until the resort is fully up and running.