Just returned from a great stay at Secrets Maroma September 10th  14th. First, a little about me  I travel 4 to 5 times a year to beach/tropical adults only all inclusive resorts, usually high end (not as high end as Four Seasons though), and I am in my early 40s. I am a go with the flow type of personality and a little glitch here and there would not make or break my vacation as I go on vacation to relax and not sweat the small stuff. We had a fantastic time at Secrets Maroma I would definitely return. If you have plans to stay anytime soon, I would not worry as long as you are in the mindset knowing that the hotel is still working out the glitches. With that being said, I am going to tell you about my experience. Arrival/Check in I arranged to have a private transfer to take us to Secrets Maroma. We used Cancun Transfers and they were outstanding, I would highly recommend them. They were waiting outside for us and we waited maybe 2 minutes for the van and off we went. The road to get to Secrets Maroma is long and very thin. Two vehicles have a hard time passing at the same time. The road is not owned by Secrets and is not going to change as it has mangroves surrounding it and they have no plans to widen. It was no big deal to us though. Upon arrival we were greeted with smiles, our luggage was taken, and we went to the check in desk and were helped instantly. We were given champagne. The check in area is not 100% completed as their artwork hasnt arrived, so it looks a little bare. We arrived early and our room was ready and we were in the room with luggage within 10 minutes. We were in the cheapest room category and were given building 12 on the 4th floor which is the building nearest to the main building that has the disco, restaurants and lobby. I had asked for a quiet room location  and will tell you a little more about that in the room write up. One nice touch  they have home made chocolate chip cookies in the lobby on a daily basis that are YUMMY. Room The room is just like the pictures! Beautiful design, loved the dcor. The beds and pillows were extremely comfortable to me. We had excellent maid service and our room was cleaned early each day. I tipped the maid daily and they did a great job. The only thing I find strange about the room is that in the bathroom, the plug that is near the mirror for you to do your hair/makeup  does not allow you to use any US blow dryers or flat irons/curling irons. At first I thought it was just our plug in our room, but when I called down to the concierge, she told me that it is that way in all rooms, so unfortunately, I had a hard time flat ironing my hair as my only option was to do it in the foyer of the room where there isnt a load of light, or unplug the lamp and use the plug by the desk, but then I had no lamp, so I was still in the dark. This is the first time I have ever had this happen, so if I was to return, I would be sure to bring a long extension cord so I could do my hair in the bathroom. I felt that the rooms were kind of noisy. Remember when I had asked for the quiet room? Well I was put in a room across from the maid quarters/room service quarters and they were clanking dishes at 1am and 2am and I was not happy and called down to the front desk. After the first night, they did dishes during normal times the rest of my stay, so they listened to me. Also, a lot of doors slamming and we would hear something like furniture being dragged at crazy times, but what I think it was is that they have large wooden shutter doors instead of drapes and I think when people open and close them by their sliding glass door, it sounds like furniture moving. Only a guess. We did loose water one day around dinner time and then when we got it back on it was cold and then scorching hot, but that was only for 1 night, the rest of the time the shower was great. Grounds The grounds are going to be beautiful when they are done. Of course now everything is new and small. It is going to have a jungle look and feel and very lush and tropical. I bet in a year it will be spectacular. This happens with any new resort so of course it was to be expected. I was very happy with the grounds. Pools They have 2 pools at Secrets Maroma. One with the swim up bar, the other right next to it that is closer to the ocean. I know the beach is the draw at this resort, but the pool did seem small, I can imagine it being really crowded if 100% occupancy. I am a person who needs shade and they do offer umbrellas around the pool. Our first day we were able to get an umbrella with no problem, but the other days we had a hard time finding pool chairs and never had an umbrella again. The resort was probably less than 50% occupancy, so they are going to need more pool chairs and umbrellas as it seemed crowded at the pool. The umbrellas are on the cheap side. The only day I was able to get an umbrella  first it came crashing down on my head, and then a little later we were actually in the pool and next thing you know, our umbrella came crashing down and was basically flying thru the air. They are not the strong and sturdy umbrellas like they have at high end resorts  they are cheaply made. I would think that within time, they will need to replace them and if they dont, someone may end up getting seriously hurt. They have a bunch of chairs and umbrellas around the pools that are for decoration only that are only 6 deep  that you cant swim in, so that is kind of a waste. We would drag our chair from there, to the main pool on a number of days, it was either that, or have no chair. Beach The beach is SPECTACULAR!!! If you are a beach person, this IS the place for you. Soft white sand, no rocks or seaweed  beautiful water  just incredible. They have shade on the beach as well as a little grill that you can get burgers, chicken and stuff like that, frosty drinks and guac/chips/salsa. Ask for a tangerine daiquiri at the beach grill  they are DELICIOUS and you can only get them there. YUM! Food I know there has been a lot of talk about food. We didnt have any problems with the food and drinks. If you didnt like something  just ask for something else! The breakfast buffet in World Caf had everything you could ever ask for, everything was fresh and delicious. We ate there for lunch the first day upon arrival and the salad bar was great and they had a lot of choices for the main entrees. Other than that for lunch we ate at the pool/beach each day, simple food but all was good. We had a great dinner 2 nights at Oceana. The surf and turf was fantastic! We went back twice we liked it so much. It was humid and yes, the mosquitoes were out, but we sprayed OFF with deet and were fine. If you go without off, you may be miserable, but come prepared. The only food we didnt like was the Mexican at El Patio. Its not like the Mexican we are used to and didnt care for the menu or what we ordered, but that is personal preference. We only used room service for guac, chips and cocktails while getting ready and they were prompt and everything was right. Service The service was SPECTACULAR! Everyone said hello and had smiles, were very friendly and couldnt do enough for you. We also tipped  our maid, the bartenders, the pool servers and dinner waiters daily. There was maybe only 1 waitress at the pool that we considered lazy and we just choose to order from someone else. Entertainment Unfortunately, we never made it to any of the shows. We seem to be dining at that time or too tired to stay up for them. We did make it in the disco twice. One night a few were dancing, the other the place was dead. A lot of people would go to the lobby bar for pre-dinner drinks (which is what we did) and it was nice to socialize with others. They had someone singing in the lobby a few nights and it was nice. They do have bingo, volleyball and games at the pool. That didnt bother us, but I know some want peace and quiet, so if that is the case, you will have to go to the beach as it can get kind of loud at times. Things they could improve on: Pool Restrooms Im sorry to say that I was a little shocked on the cleanliness of the restrooms in the pool area. There are 2 restroom stalls behind the pool bar Barracuda, and 2 located near Oceana by the pool. In the 4 days I was there, I do not know of one time that I didnt feel as though I had to clean the toilet seat before using it. It was gross. These are not kept up and that is a huge turnoff for me. Also the stalls are made of cheap cheap materials and with me being tall (510) my knees were basically hitting the stall because the distance from the toilet to the door was small. They were having pluming issues as well and the soap dispensers sometimes didnt work, so I had to open the dispenser and scoop out soap to wash my hands. I should not have to do this at a luxury resort. Most adults only resorts I have stayed in had an attendant working the restroom all day and they would be clean as can be (the restrooms in the beach/pool area at the Grand were spick and span clean). Misc Stuff: It would be nice to have some citronella candles outdoors on the tables in the evenings to help with the bugs. We didnt see any, so maybe they are coming down the road, but I think it would be a nice touch. Also more sturdy umbrellas at the pool and more chairs are really needed. Overall Secrets Maroma is a great resort and I think in another 6 months, they will have all the glitches out and will be truly a great resort. Out of all of the resorts I have been to, the beach is what is KEY here  it blows the others away. There are a few things that need improvement, but that would not keep me from returning. Maybe in 1 year I will go back and check it out!!!!! We had a wonderful time!!!!