This review is a combination our daily travel log and overall feelings about this resort: September 6, 2008 through September 13, 2008 We arrived at Cancun International Airport 7 minutes ahead of our scheduled arrival time. The drive from the airport to the resort took around 30 minutes. The road is the same that goes to Playa del Carmen and once we were on the highway (307), there were prominent signs indicating the distance to Secrets Maroma. The single lane road into the resort is negotiable with mangrove trees on one side and shrubs on the other. The road added to the adventure experience This 2 kilometer road into the resort from the main highway is not paved, but it is not like off roading either. Its more like a concreted covered dirt road with gravel and some minor potholes. Nothing compared to the road from Guanacaste International Airport in Costa Rica to Tamarindo. We arrived at the hotel at around 5 PM. We were greeted by one of the hotel porters. He said welcome, but unlike a lot of the other reviews from other visitors to the resort, we were not greeted by welcome home or given flowers or hot or even cold face-towels. We were finally offered champagne about 20 minutes into our check-in. Since we dont drink alcohol, we opted for non-alcoholic tropical drinks. One thing I noticed upon entering the resort lobby was a strong marine smell, like shellfish, but the smell was gone the next day. We were checked in by Geri and thanks to American Express Vacations we were upgraded to a partial ocean view room, the view was actually decent and saw over the roof of the pool bar. Getting to the room: The first thing that really surprised me was how quiet this room was. There was no hiss from machines or any noise other than what noise we made. There was no noise from the outside either. The bellohp showed us how everything worked in the room and even though they say tips are included, we tipped the bell man a couple of bucks. Room critique: sufficient closet space to store both of our clothes. The empty luggage fit under the bed and we had more room to move around. The air conditioner was perfect; the room was completely chilled even though outside felt like a sauna (no kidding). The balcony is nice enough, I dont like that the balconies from other rooms are only separated by cloth partitions, but its not a big deal. The slippers next to the bed actually fit my size 12 feet; this was a problem at Dreams Cancun last year when they said they only had size 8. The room is nicely decorated and everything smells like new stone work. The only drawback as far as the furnishing is that the room doesnt have a good sitting area to debrief from the days activities or view pictures together like other resorts have where there is one love seat and at least one other living room style seat. The room only has one stationary cement-based S-shaped seat with a comfortable cushion. I was disappointed when we tried to close the plantation shutters as the right side was off the track and we had to Mickey-mouse it to close them. The scale in the bathroom needs a light tap to wake it up before use. There was no floor towel for when we come out of the shower so we were using the spare towels. On the other hand, the room does have a lot of drawer space but the bathroom does not and lacks sufficient counter space for toiletries. We ended up using the entryway table to lay some of our toiletries. One more thing the room was missing was a trash can in the room, we had to keep going to the bathroom to use thrown stuff away. Once got settled in the room, we went out to dinner at 7 PM and were disappointed to find out that the World Caf (the buffet) the night we arrived. We had not been out of the room five minutes and I had gotten bitten by large mosquitoes twice. There are a lot of mosquitoes and the mosquitoes at Maroma bite pretty hard. We had dinner at Oceana which is in the same building as Seaside Grill. We looked at both menus and opted for Oceana. The food portions are perfect and the food tasted great. I had the steamed mussels appetizer and my partner had the scallops. We also ordered the calamari but it was not very good. We kept asking for more bread which they kept giving us without any problem. I ordered the salmon which was quite good, just a little salty but good overall. My sides were steamed vegetables and rice, and again the portions were just right, just enough to have enough room for dessert. I had the papaya and melon plate while my partner had the chocolate creation, it has a name but I dont know what it is. He had the Surf and Turf for dinner and commented that the beef was also quite good and could not tell if it had ever been frozen. I did get bitten a couple more times by mosquitoes during dinner, which was just annoying since we were eating in an open air dining room and there was a strong wind blowing, the mosquitoes still found a way to land on me and strike. Well, went back to the room took a shower and got ready for bed. My partner went to the lobby to access the internet on his laptop and stated that the internet was slow. However, the internet is free, and every room is supposed to have it, but we were told that our building was experiencing some problems with it. Later we found out that if we asked ten different hotel staff about the internet or any other issue, we would get ten different answers. For example, regarding the internet, we were told that only the preferred rooms had free internet, then we were told there was a fee to receive internet in the rooms. We never got a straight answer, other guests we talked to said they were getting internet in their rooms intermittently and one couple from L.A. said they had to chase the signal inside their room. I asked how many buildings there were and how many of those buildings were ready to receive guests. I was told 7 of 13 buildings were operational. As we walked to our room we noticed a lot of rooms with furniture piled up in them still in shipping bags. The grounds look good, although there are a lot of spaces where there is just dirt and trees. Before we left I noticed that the vines they had laid on the ground were really spreading quickly. Day 2 We got out of bed ~ 9 and hit the World Caf buffet restaurant ~ 9:45 AM. The food in the buffet was pretty good actually better than the food at the buffet at Dreams Cancun. Before leaving the room for breakfast we called the front desk because our building does not have its own concierge, we are in building 24 on the 3rd floor. The call was to request more towels and a trash can for the room, and extra bottles of water. We got our towels after the third call to the front desk at around 5 PM and the water a little later. But between the time that we got our towels and soon after eating breakfast, we had a chance to spend an hour and fifteen minutes sailing one of the large Hobie Cats at the resort. There were four Hobie Cats on the beach, two were small and two were a little larger. They are not the type that you see off the Santa Monica coast. The water was amazingly warm and clear. We sailed all the way to the reef and over to the resorts north of Secrets. We took some pix while sailing and could even see the bottom. After sailing we went in the infinity pool for a while and had some pia coladas laid out by the pool and got more sun.the pool concierge came over to let us know that the pools will be closed from 7 to 11 AM the next day because they are doing photo shoots at the pool for a magazine. We drove over to the Croc Zoo 15 kilometers north of Secrets. I continued to get eaten by mosquitoes, but it was worth it to get close to the crocs. We walked around and down to the beach, then we headed over to the World Caf, hey! Yeahits open. They only closed it one night a week and last night was the night that they closed it They had Oriental night and had a wide variety of foods that were all delicious. The only problem with buffet style restaurants and good food is that I eat too much and have a hard time sleeping We are planning to go sailing tomorrow and maybe hit Playa del Carmen. Day 3 (Monday Sept. 8, 08) Lets see breakfast at World Caf ~ 9:30 AM then we tried to go sailing but both Hobie Cats were out so we were out of luck then we took a crazy drive to Playa del Carmen looking for the Ferry to Cozumel but didnt find itwent back to the hotel and were able to get one of the Hobie Cats and went sailing for about  an hour. The water was pretty choppy today so its better to do it early if you mind choppy water, which I do Then we went swimming in the ocean, the water was really warm. There is a bar on the beach so its easy to get drinks there. We talked to a couple from L.A. when we were in the pool; then we had a snack at Oceana but it seems like the food that was coming out of the kitchen was presented to the flies before it was taken to the guests. There were also lots of flies in the restaurant, it is an open air restaurant just feet from the beachI had the chicken fajitas and my partner had two appetizers. When we got back to our room we found directions for everything we had asked the concierge, oh yeah, we now have a concierge in our building, but no internet, we still have to go to the lobby to access the Web. We continued enjoying ourselves and are not complaining, simply making observations and reporting. I would still book to stay here, but I feel that there are other places I would rather stay in before returning here, such as the Fairmont Mayakoba and The Royal Playa del Carmen. These trip advisor reports are very subjective, so while I may be frustrated about not being able to get a sail boat when I wanted to go sailing, the people who had the sail boat were having a good time sailing and we would have two very different opinions about the matter. Similarly with the flies at Oceana, the people who were downing the alcohol were having too good a time to notice the flies while I was concerned for the integrity of my food.Overall, we loved the hotel, other guests seem to think they are understaffed I dont see it. While we are having a good time, other guests might be pissed off because their food was cold, not hot enough, or what have you Day 3 part II (evening) The pools are not tremendously huge, they are about the size of a tennis court each but with a long S-shape  and no, they dont seem to be too crowded except the area around the aptly named pool bar The Manatee where a lot of large people gather to down alcohol and smoke. There is still a lot of room in the pool to swim. The drawback to the pool is that there are not enough lounges around the pool and people have the bad habit of hogging the seats, leaving their belongings on the chairs and disappearing. I hope the resort either puts more chairs out or explains to guests that if they are not using the chairs, they will be given to guests who will use them, and the same goes for the floaters. Now about the Palapas on the beach, it is kind of the same situation, but if you dont mind sitting under the sun, there are plenty of beach chairs and you wont wait for a drink too long. So if the resort does not address the issue, I would recommend that you get up early in the morning, which you will be likely to do since you will be out of your home time-zone, take some old bag and old shoes and other personal belongings and put them on the beach chairs, Palapas, or pool lounges that you want to use during the day and you will be assured to have the spot you want and someone else will not. The resort has about 30 palapas on the beach, the pool concierge told me that by law they are not permitted to put more palapas on the beach. I think if Id asked 3 more hotel staff, I would have gotten 3 different answers. A also didnt realize that the beach here is clothing optional according to the lifeguard, I could take my shorts off because its an adults only resort; however, I didnt, but some European women went topless Today I noticed that housekeeping came later than yesterday and we did not get replacement shower gel and shower soap maybe this was a result of the understaffing people are complaining about??? Also, since we checked in, they had our room under the wrong name and we kept getting the wake-up calls for a Mr. White and our phone kept ringing late at night and early in the morning, but the operator assured me that the phone issue has been fixed. Again, I want to reemphasize, I am not whining but rather these are simply observations about the imperfections in this brand new resort. I still would stay here again, of course after trying out the Fairmont and Royal. We found out late today that World Caf will again be closed tonight, so I guess the once a week thing might be a guideline and not the rule This is all right, too. There are four other restaurants to pick from plus room service which we have yet to order. ---I would add to keep in mind to be flexible and dont get married to going to one restaurant on a given night, because they may not be open. We simply decided that we will be eating less and able to sleep better. You can still order all the Entres you want in the other restaurants Side note: to work the scale you must tap it on top with just a little weight to wake it up and when the zeroes appear, jump on it and get the bad news. The unpleasantness after dinner: We went to check out the menus at the three restaurants at the front of the resort, the French, Italian, and Mexican. Here is why we did not eat in any of these: the Italian had a waiting list and we could not even get to the dining room to see the setup. The French and the Mexican were very small and the tables were almost on top of each other, not literally but youd have to really whisper so the tables around you could not hear your conversation. We ended up walking back to the room and changing to more casual tee shirt to head to Oceana. Here is the event that might have just turned the tide for me about returning to this resort. MOSQUITOES! There were a lot of mosquitoes like 50 big fat ugly hungry mosquitoes in the elevator, which is not air conditioned. The other people in the elevator with us were complaining about getting bitten by mosquitoes and everyone started slamming mosquitoes with the palms of their hands. Upon our arrival to Oceana, we noticed the few people who were in the restaurant were swatting all around their heads. Some people were laughing about it others were just swatting and not laughing. There was no breeze tonight so the mosquitoes were not deterred or blown away. Luckily I sprayed my arms with Deep Woods OFF bug spray and they didnt land on my arms. However, they were all over my partners face, neck, hair, and food. They were like little tiny missiles attacking everyone in the restaurant, even the staff was swatting at mosquitoes around their heads, like mad. We asked our waiter, Lzaro, who was the best waiter weve had thus far, what the hotel was doing about it and if he knew if other hotels had the same problem. He explained that the management is aware about the problem and is considering what to do to remedy this issue. I have to say, this may be the issue that may keep me from returning to this resort until they fix it. He added that the resort is built the middle of the jungle and swamplands and that because there is wildlife that lives in the jungle, that removing the swamps is not permitted. I agree that they should not destroy the wetlands, but I also feel that the resort has the responsibility to do something about the mosquitoes on the property. I would say they have the following options: build huge glass walls and enclose the outdoor restaurants since there will always be the mosquito issue, or install fans in the ceiling to blow the mosquitoes away. We noticed that apparently mosquitoes are attracted to you if you are wearing body lotion. All right, as far as the food tonight, again, I had the mussels and the salmon with rice and steamed vegetables, and my partner had scallops and surf and turf. His scallops were even better than the other night and his steak was just as good. My mussels were better tonight but my salmon was a little bland, however, I did ask them to hold the salt. I had fruit for dessert and he had chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream. He states that the cake was very good as it was not too sweet and the ice cream was excellent. Once more I just want to reiterate the subjectivity of these reviews and especially my own. This is what we were subject to this evening. For all we know, the people who ate in the three enclosed restaurants with the tables real close to each other may have had a really great meal, good wine, and good service and an overall good experience. Their review would be the complete opposite of my review based on the subjectivity of our experiences. End of the day-3 posting. Soas we were leaving to go sit in the lobby at 9:45 PM housekeeping walked in to turn down the bed. I asked if the hotel was understaffed and she appeared defensive, I assured her there were no problems, but it seemed with the delays in getting some of our requests that the hotel might be understaffed maybe because its so new. She agreed that maybe yes. Wait, I have to scratch the 1,000 or so mosquito bites, okay I exaggerated, but there are bites on my temple, elbows, fingers, legs, ankles, and arms and they welt up. I did want to add, the beach in Playa del Carmen seemed nicer than Maroma. The water was clear and I could see clear through the sandy and rocky bottom whereas at Secrets although the water is equally clear once we sail out of the beach, the tide seems to stir up the white powdery sand and the water gets murky. Day 4 (Sept. 9) We found out when we returned to our room that the housekeepers keep the door open while turning the bed at night, thereby giving mosquitoes a chance to fly into the room and when we got back to our room around midnight last night there were quite a few mosquitoes flying around in our room. I thought I killed them with a wet towel before going to bed but kept getting bitten throughout the night. I have many more welts from the bites on both legs, feet, ankles, head, back, and I even woke up with one mosquito mashed up between my legs with a big blood smear. This stinks! Take home message is we will keep our DND light on at night and forego the turning of the bed to keep the mosquitoes from coming in the room. This sucks cuz you cant even enjoy the balcony at night. Well gotta go scratch and put itch cream on my close to 50 mosquito bites theyre itchy too. Well, the secret at Secrets is out! Its the Mosquitoes--- After breakfast this morning we walked up to the lobby ask asked to speak to the General Manager, I guess his name is Eric, but no one could find him so we ended up talking to the Operations Manager, Rafael. We explained that we were having a good time and congratulated him on the opening of the resort. Then we let him know about the mosquito issue and showed him all the bites on my legs. Rafael said he was aware of the mosquito issue and about the prevalence of the mosquitoes in building 24. He assured us that the building will be treated today and the property will be treated three times today otherwise he stated they would change contractor for the exterminator services. We requested that he pass on the message to the general manager and that so far we were having a good time and enjoying the property, but the mosquitoes will keep us from coming back. I asked Rafael about the hotels stance on gay couples and he said the hotel does not have a policy one way or the other. Staff are directed to follow hotel protocol when interacting with guests regardless of sexual orientation. He added that last week there were two lesbians in the hotel who felt that everyone was staring at them when they were outside their room. He said that he didnt think that was the case, but the hotel is not marketing itself to any particular group and anyone is welcome to the property. We mentioned the policy at Sandals about defining couples as one man and one woman and he said that the Secrets model is targeted to adults regardless of sex or how couples are composed. Finally I asked about ownership and management of the resort. He clarified that the property is owned by a single owner (Mexican national) and the Secrets brand is simply the corporation that takes over the management and daily workings of the property. The AM Resorts Corporation with Apple Vacations out of Philadelphia is the parent company of the Dreams, Secrets, Sunscapes & Preferred Hotels. We rented a car which will be about the same as if we had hired a shuttle to the hotel for two and back again to CUN the hotel has complimentary valet and all we have to do is call the concierge to alert him that we will be using the car and its ready by the time we get to the lobby. We had dinner at Bordeaux, the French restaurant because the World Caf had Mexican Fiesta which although quite thematic it did not appeal to me as a main dinner. The restaurant was pretty empty except for this old cranky woman with a foreign accent. She appeared just miserable. She was complaining to her husband that people were too loud among other things We were wondering where the old witch parked her broom I had two appetizers, mussels and abalone, (the old crank may be mentally unstable as she clearly critiqued and hes starting with mussels. So we started talking about distasteful things to get her goat my other half had the scallops to start, which he liked. Then he had the steak and I had the salmon both of which were good, but not great. The mosquitoes were out in force tonight againbut I covered everything with bug sprayand asked the housekeeper not to turn the bed as this lets in the mosquitoes. The hotel seems to have an effort underway to mitigate the mosquito problembut well see in the next few days If we comeback to this area we think we will stay at the Royale Playa del Carmen. This is also an all inclusive, adults only hotel right on 5th avenue which is a little walking street with tons of trinket shops and souvenirs. September 12, 2008 Today is our last full day at SMB and the following are events worth reporting: 1. We left a tip for the housekeeper on the bed and upon our return from the beach, found the tip gone and the rooms dirty. We called the concierge to see if the housekeeper could come to our room and clean up. We also told the concierge that it seemed strange that the housekeeper would take the tip from the bed and not make the room. We eventually found out that the mini bar attendant came into the room put some cokes on top of the mini bar and took the tip. 2. We figured that he probably had been taking the housekeepers tip all week so we looked for her and handed her a $20 and a $10 spot the next day (U.S. $) 3. Also, upon our return to the room we realized there was no hot water in the room and were told the entire hotel had no hot water because they were doing some work that required the hot water be shut down. We could not take a shower and were covered with sand from the beach. Although this may not seem like a big deal, it turned out to be because they kept saying oh, one more hour and the water will be turned on. Finally when the hot water came back at around 6:15 PM it was brown water for about 15 minutes. 4. Dinner: World Caf was closed because they were having Caribbean style buffet which had a pretty long line. 5. We ended up going to El Patio which has very good food. I had the shrimp in mango sauce as an appetizer and a dessert, and had the suckling pig & the red snapper for dinner. The fish was dry and the pig was good. Overall, this is a very pretty property, the services is just above average. The restaurants are okay, too. I agree that the food takes a little long to come out. I would stay at this hotel again, but not for $2K per person for 7 days including flight. It is not a 5-star hotel, I would give it a strong 3.5 stars with potential for 4 stars. The beach seems to be its greatest asset. The restaurants offer a good variety of foods and staff really to try to meet the guests needs. The mosquitoes were the biggest obstacle to having been a great vacation. A great vacation allows us to relax and not worry about our room door being left open while the housekeeper is turning down the bed or concerned with whether we might be exposed to malaria carrying mosquitoes. For this reason I give this resort 3.5 stars and would not even think of giving it 4 stars unless the mosquito issue was resolved for good. Granted, the last two days of our stay, the mosquito issue seemed resolved. Besides the mosquitoes, the SPA and one of the restaurants were not open, the limited number of poolside chairs and the fact that to get a palapa on the beach you have to get up early in the morning also influence my rating of this property. Note, my partner rates this property slightly higher than me and gives it a full four stars. We both experienced the same stay and yet rate it differently. Still, now that I am back to reality, I do reminisce about the good times and fun we enjoyed at the SMB. When work gets me down and the drudgery of office work pulls me down, I can always call on my memories of sailing and beaching at SMB. SymCo