My boyfriend and I stayed at Secrets Maroma Beach from 9/8-9/13, and for the money we paid (about 2K for the both of us including air from ny) we were pretty happy with everything. here's a run down of the place: Location: About 30 minutes from the cancun airport, next to a hotel called the Catalonia. As advertised, the beach is wonderful-- wide with soft sand, clear water with little seaweed. Check in: we did not receive the advertised champagne or cocktail upon arrival, but got the cold towels (whoopie). Check in went ok (they had our reservation) but room wasn't ready until 4pm-- luckily we hit the pool until then. Rooms: Rooms were just as nice and impressive as you'd imagine. Bed is a bit hard, bathroom leaves nothing to the imagination, but everything was really nice. Toiletries were plentiful - although no conditioner-- bring your own. TV was great- flat screen (not HD) lots of channels plus a free on demand movie channel which we definitely used. There is also a DVD player in the room so bring some movies. iPod alarm clock was also great- ours wasnt working, but was replaced the same day as we complained. We were on the second floor of building 12, which is basically the farthest away from the ocean as you can get. Nonethless, we liked the room and were very comfortable. No problems with AC or hot water until our last day, when we were (along w the rest of the hotel) stuck with no hot water for about an hour. Food: Food was good and decent. there were very few meals where i was overly impressed; most of the time we were satisfied but there is definitely room for improvement. Our favorites were the world cafe for the breakfast buffet (everything you could want and more) and El Patio (try the flank steak and the lobster tacos). Bordeaux and Portofino were good, but not awesome. Couldn't try Oceana for dinner since its an outside place and you'd literally get eaten alive by mosquitoes. Service was friendly and decent everywhere we went.The restaurants are all in a row, and since its impossible to eat outside at night, i can't imagine there being enough room for people to eat inside- they seem tiny! Room service was okay, the menu is a bit limited, and as reported, the pizza was gross. definitely worth a try though- 24 hours. Drinks- were always flowing. you can always find an open bar, or someone willing to offer you a drink. Mini bar in room only has a few coronas, no liqour. Lobby bar is great before dinner, and they usually have live music before dinner. Had a weird experience one day with some pina coladas at the beach bar that were fllled with tons of little pieces of plastic. yum! Pools: Nice, but small. The hotel has these winding shallow pools that are quite large-- but i dont see the point in them, because they take up a lot of room, aren't necessarily anything super nice to look at, and there are lounge chairs set up around them (who wants to lounge next to a 6 inch pool that you cant swim in?). I like how the hotel says it has 14 pools, but you can only actually swim in 2 of them- 12 are the swim out suite pools. The 2 main pools were a bit crowded, and im almost positive the hotel couldnt have been at even half capacity. Floatees weren't that hard to find. Beach: awesome. about 30-40 palapas out there, never had a problem finding a seat under one. plus, there is a bar and servers that walk around getting you whatever you want. water is refreshing and usually calm. we used the kayaks and had fun playing beach volleyball. Entertainment: Fun, but at times annoying and cheesey. The shows were hit or miss: Fire show outside- cool. Comedian- beyond awful (and embarrasing almost). Circus show- great. The theater that they built is actually really nice, and we didnt seem to get bit there even though it was outside. There is also a large game palapa with pool, ping pong, foosball, boardgames, etc. the entertainment team does a good job getting people together for water polo, volleyball, darts, etc and we definitely got involved and had a good time. One night there was a carribean buffet and party outside which they really did a nice job with. We even watched Monday night football on a big screen outside too. Etc: Spa, Himitsu, Tennis and BBall was all not open. Kind of annoying. We booked a Selvatica Ziplining tour through the activies desk and had a blast one day-- i would reccomend it. One night our room was decorated with candles and rose petals- a nice touch. Overall, for the money we paid, we really had no big complaints, and left feeling happy. Would we go again? probably not, but not because we had a bad time. I just couldnt imagine spending all that money to to the same things over again at the same place. In a few months, this place will be gorgeous--- right now there are construction workers, landscapers, maintenence people everywhere and lots to work out! Happy to answer any questions if you have!