My husband and I stayed at Secrets Maroma from Sept. 3, 2008 to Sept. 8, 2008. I was avidly following the TripAdvisor posts before we left, so I thought I should return the favor and add a review of my own. I'll begin by giving you our overall impression and then I'll back that up with some specific details. I booked the trip through CheapCaribbean.com. The package was a great price ($2k) for 5 nights, RT air, airport transfers and spa coupons. I suspect that we got such a great price because the resort was very new (some things not open yet - seemed like everything will be open by late Sept. 2008) and because it was hurricane season. I read that Maroma was being billed as a 5 star resort. I don't think they have 5 star service or food, probably more like a 4 star. However, for the price we paid we were very happy. I understand that to book a trip during high season, or when the resort is fully functional the prices will be much higher. I think if we had paid $4k and were expecting a 5 star experience we would have been disappointed. My point is that the place is great, really it is, however, it is not the Ritz Carlton. In my mind, 5 star equals the Ritz. We didn't want the Ritz and didn't expect the Ritz so we were more than happy. Pros: The aesthetic of the grounds, pools, rooms and buildings is fantastic. Even though the vegetation has not grown in yet it is a beautiful place. It's got a modern, minimalist feel on the outside and the rooms and restaurants are inviting and comfortable. (We loved the mattress, so much so that we inquired as to the brand.) The beach is beautiful. Blue,blue water. Soft, white sand, gentle waves. Loved it. We walked all the way down to the Iberostar and their beach was terrible. There were a lot of rocks and the sand wasn't as nice and there were tons of seaweed. I would have been very disappointed if we had stayed there. The staff is very friendly. Maybe they were acting, but they really seemed to be happy to be there. We took advantage of the complementary activities and really enjoyed them. We thought it was odd that very few people did the activities, but hey we got personalized attention. Here are some of the *free* things we did: Rifle Practice (w/ a BB gun on the beach), Wine Tasting, Cooking Class, Kayak Tour, Bar Tending Class and Beach Volleyball. Fun, fun, fun. Other great things about Secrets Maroma: 1) Impressive room service menu 2) Swim up rooms are great 3) Hot tubs in the rooms are awesome 4) Can't beat their swim up bar 5) Lots of delicious tropical drinks available 6) Plenty of dining options 7) The guy who runs the grill on the beach during the day (and I mean a good old fashioned charcoal grill) is a great cook. Don't get the burger get the Arracherro cut of beef on a hamburger bun. Mmmmm. 8) Big TV screen in the game palapa. Hubby was very happy with the NFL game on while he played ping pong and pool. 9) fancy menus that used trendy words like essence, infused, foam, dirt, dust etc. 10) food with novel/ high end ingredients or combos like tequila ice cream, a soup with grasshopper in it, duck, ox tail consomme 11) Very nice cigar shop and smoking room 12) I had three massages (spa wasn't open yet so they converted some guest rooms into spa rooms). The massages were awesome. I've had many over the years and these were done professionally and well. You can also get them on the beach at no extra charge. 13) three computers w/ internet available for free 14) lots of mood lighting options in the room 15) couches in the rooms and on the patios are surprisingly comfortable 16) Channel 14 ; ) Why it's not a 5 star: 1) The evening entertainment was entertaining but not spectacular. Each night there's a different act and a couple of them were sub-par. But a couple were also quite good. 2) There are not enough umbrellas on the beach. We got lucky every day, but you do need to be early to get a palapa. 3) Wait service around the pool is good, but could be better. I found myself having to flag people down. Really, that's not a problem, but that would never happen at the Ritz, do you know what I mean? 4) mosquitoes! not Secret's fault, but man, they are out in full force at night 5) the food was very good but you could tell that some of the restaurants share a kitchen.Some of the dishes looked a little familiar from one restaurant to another i.e., same piece of meat or cake but with different toppings or dishes with re-workings of the same ingredients. The food was quite rich - lots of butter, creme and salt. These days I generally associate 5 star food as a bit healthier/spa like. But the food was good. I'm not a "foodie" though. 6) There are only three small shops there and it's a fairly expensive cab ride to go into Playa del Carmen for shopping. 7) they print up a daily activity sheet which lists the next days activities, entertainment, drink of the day etc. We had to ask for it every night. To me, a five star hotel should put those in every guest room when they do the turn-down at night. Ditto for the complementary newspaper. They do not deliver those to your room. Well, I think that's about it. We didn't experience any mishaps or encounter any big problems. We just relaxed and ate and were very happy with Secrets Maroma.