We have just returned from Secrets Maroma resort after a 7 night stay, Aug. 30-Sept. 6th, 2008. My husband and I had a 2nd floor, ocean view room that was beautiful in every way. We have stayed at over a dozen upscale resorts in this area, plus many more in the Caribbean, so we are experienced with this sort of vacation. The property is still being completed, but everything that we needed was open. (we don't do spas) The Japanese restaraunt was still not open, but the World Cafe buffet did an Asian food night once and it was very good. The other restaurants were fine, but we have had better food elsewhere. However, since you can eat so many different kinds of foods, as much as you want, whenever you want, pretty much, we really were not upset. Oh, the beef was over done, not tender. The fish was dry sometimes, the entrees were not what we expected often, but everything was edible, and sometimes excellent. The waitstaff in general were great, very attentive and cheerful. We had a couple of rather rushed, curt waiters at the French and Italian restaurant, but so what? Here is a suggestion for the management of the resort, if you are reading: don't try so hard to "fancy up" the food. Focus more on quality of ingredients vs fancy, elaborate descriptions and presentations. And also try to improve the variety of the breads served at the sit down restaurants--all we were ever offered were hard rolls. Try and get to a "teatime" in the afternoon. Wonderful white chocolate dipped berries, little sandwiches, tea and such. Our room had an excellent bed, good tv that was put where we could watch it comfortably, perfect air conditioning, fine water, although the pressure could sometimes be weak in the shower. It was cleaned in a timely manner. We always had lots and lots of clean towels. We asked for different pillows and got them (they even have a "pillow menu" like 5 star hotels in the States). Absolutely no complaints about our room. It was too hot to use the whirlpool tub or balcony soaking tub, however, so don't know about them. The beach was one of the most beautiful beaches we have ever had the priviledge to stay on, and we have stayed on a lot. No rocks to speak of, an attentive lifeguard, plenty of chairs, could use a few more palapas, powder sand, cleaned of seaweed every day, sometimes twice, walkable and wonderful. The drink runners were excellent and fast for us (we did tip). The food was good for a beachchair meal (thick, well done burgers, chips, etc.) We are beach people vs pool people, but the pools looked great, too. Tons of beach towels. The entertainment was fine. A couple of the shows were silly, but we didn't care. What with plenty of liquor and comfy seats, as well as a super sound and light system, what is there to complain about? The disco had just opened, and it was really high tech for these kinds of resorts. We enjoyed it on a couple of nights, but had to go to bed some nights due to too much fun during the day, if you know what I mean. :) Every day new things were being completed, so by next month the resort should be completely, fully operational. In the mean time, the prices for right now are low, so if you want to have a good vacation for the money and really relax, have some romance, get a tan, etc. by all means, book Secrets.