My wife and I stayed at the Secrets Maroma Beach Aug. 23rd to the 30th. We almost cancelled the trip based on the reports that the resort was not receiving new guests for a few days. With a little apprehension, we decided to go through with the trip - we are glad that we did! We did our research and travelled to the resort with an open mind and reasonable expectations knowing that it was not fully completed. Our flight from Toronto to Cancun was quite pleasant. We had never flown Sunwing before, and it was a better experience than we had expected. Our transfer to the resort was arranged by Sunwing on a coach bus. The trip from the airport was 30 minutes - we were the first people to be dropped off and the only ones on the bus for Secrets Maroma Beach. The road to the resort off the main highway was bumpy and narrow but not impassable. The front of the resort was rather plain. Further landscaping is probably planned. The lobby was impressive, and we were greeted with a glass of cava and a cool scented towel. Check-in was done at several little desks at which you could sit down with the clerk. We had several questions regarding the ability to upgrade. Originally when planning this trip, we were going to travel at the end of September. Preferred Club was offered from various tour operators for September, and we were going book Preferred for some extra pampering in honour of our 14th anniversary. Our circumstances changed, and we had to move the trip to August. Preferred was not offered during the week we booked, and we thought we could at least try to upgrade once we got to the resort. Well, we were quoted an exorbitant amount to upgrade to Preferred for the week, and we declined. It would have been much less expensive to book Preferred from home. We surmised that there must not have been many Preferred rooms ready or the resort did not want too many people in those rooms at this time. We were prepared to be a little more self sufficient on this trip. As many resort travelers have experienced, a room was not ready for us. We were told to enjoy, walk around and have something to eat/drink while we waited. We walked around the resort, took a peek at the beach and proceeded to have lunch at the World Cafe (buffet) once it opened. We were impressed by the buffet and enjoyed our lunch. Killing time while waiting for a room is not too hard to do, but it was challenging for us since my wife has a medical condition. By this time, she was feeling the need for some privacy in her own cool room away from public areas. Our day had started very early in Toronto plus flying is difficult for my wife, and she needed to elevate her feet. I went to the concierge to check on the status of our room explaining the need for my wife to be made comfortable considering her medical condition. The front staff immediately started looking for a room for us. A room was available, but it was not an Oceanview that we had paid for. We accepted the Partial Oceanview room taking into account that my wife's comfort and health was definitely more important. We were very thankful to the staff for their consideration and commend them for their quick action to help us. My wife was able to rest in privacy and we were able to enjoy the remainder of the day. Our room was on the 4th floor in building 14. At first we were concerned about being on the 4th floor, but there was an elevator. The inside of the elevator was very warm, though! Good thing it was a short ride. We found the room to be appealing, but smaller than we had anticipated ("junior suite"?). Nonetheless, it had a lovely king bed, large bathroom, jacuzzi tub (not really for 2 people), separate shower, nice television, separate sitting area (not that comfortable) - no table and chairs, though. There was a desk and one chair. The A/C was ice cold, fairly quiet (compared to other resorts) and easy to operate. One positive aspect of visiting a newly opened resort is the cleanliness of the facilities - new furniture, new linens, towels etc. Once thousands of people have stayed, things tend to look "trashed". There was Wireless internet in the room. We brought our laptop, but found the signal to be very weak. In the hallway, the signal was great. We sometimes went to the lobby bar to use our computer. Our first day experience with housekeeping was very disappointing. We returned from the beach at 2:30 pm and our room was not made up! I called housekeeping and when they arrived, we went out and about while the room was freshened. When we returned, it appeared that the room had just been "fluffed". We noticed that the tub was not clean. The floor was gritty, there were empty bottles on the nightstand, the mirror was dirty, the bed was sandy, the Secrets Box was still full of room service dishes and our minibar was not filled to our specifications. I met with the building concierge and she arranged for an army of housekeepers to fix our room while we sat on the balcony. Once they were done, it was perfect. We arranged to have our room made up around 9:30 am everyday. I would recommend that guests communicate to the staff if you have a preferred time for housekeeping to avoid a situation like we encountered. We received turn down service only 3 of our 7 nights - no towel art in our room! My wife and I could write a lengthy fully detailed review on the food at this resort. The food was just wonderful! There was an incredible variety to suite all kinds of tastes. We ate at all of the restaurants except the Mexican, but only because we ran out of time! Himitsu was not open, but we were able to sample some of the foods by request at the al a carte restaurants and also on oriental night at the World Cafe Buffet (which was fantastic!). Drink service was good all around. The resort stocked what we liked to drink, and we enjoyed some new cocktails too. We were afraid to drink house wine at first. Much to our amazement - the house wines were very palatable! We tried three different house wines and liked each one. Room service food was good, but when it arrived it was usually almost cold. We used room service quite a bit - it was most enjoyable to order continental breakfast early in the morning and have coffee on the balcony while watching the sun rise. Everything was going well until a few days into our trip. We found water on the floor in our room. At first we thought that it came from the fridge - no big deal and we cleaned it up ourselves (it was late at night). The next day the water had spread throughout the bathroom. I called the front and shortly maintenance and tradesmen were up examining the situation. Apparently, it was the pipes under the sink. The room was going to be out of commission, and arrangements were being made to move us to another room. This mishap proved to be to our advantage. We were moved to a room down the hall with an Oceanview (which is what we had actually paid for). The room and view were lovely and we were pleased. They only small annoyance was the length of time that we had to wait for our new key cards for the room. The Staff handled this situation well, and we do not feel that it negatively affected our vacation. The facilities (spa, Himitsu, etc.) that were not available did not make our vacation any less enjoyable. We are not spa people anyway. There was plenty to do at all hours (Mexican fiesta, Caribbean night, shows, beach parties, disco). The entertainment team was very energetic and extremely kind to the "first time" resort visitor. We did not participate in water sports, but those who did (that we spoke to) found the equipment satisfactory. The kayak tour was especially fun we heard. Service in general was only fair to good in our opinion. This resort is still a work in progress. There was a lot of inconsistency in the service. Staff was rotated frequently and we did not get the chance to get to know anyone well over the course of the week. My wife and I believe in tipping. If we get good service, we like to show our appreciation. We do not feel that tipping will get you better service at this resort - after all, gratuities are part of the package deal. I guess that it is a personal choice to tip or not. Some staff were well rehearsed and genuine - others may have been spread thin and not as well trained. I think the staff was trying very hard, but at times my wife and I felt like we were "test guests". From the Secrets brochure, we had a different sense of what the ambiance of this resort would be. We thought it would be more peaceful/romantic/secluded. The beach is nice but, honestly, not on the world's best list. To the left there are resorts as far as the eye can see (not very "secluded"), and on the right - an abandoned property (but no visible resorts down the coast). We enjoyed early morning walks on the beach. The sand is soft and the water is easy to swim in (no rocks). The water was somewhat murky and there was a lot of sea grass/seaweed. I won't complain too much about the seaweed. It's natural and it may just be the time of year. Every morning the workers were out cleaning it up as best they could. We do have a couple complaints, though. Some garbage does wash up on shore or float by (plastics mostly), but the most disappointing observation was the cigarette butts around the palapas in the morning. We are guests in beautiful Mexico, and we cannot understand how anyone could use Mexico as an ashtray. Secrets Maroma does have plenty of ashtrays and staff to empty/replace them. There are dozens of butt out stations all around the resort; therefore, there is no need to use the sand on the beach as an ashtray. The pools area was nice, but we preferred the beach. The swim-up bar looked like fun, but it seemed out of place at what was described as a "romantic couples resort". At night, the pools were lit up with coloured lights. It did give the resort a "romantic" attraction and a nice place to stroll around at night. Overall, we had a good vacation for the price that we paid. We do not feel that we experienced "unlimited luxury" at this time so early after the opening of the resort. In our opinion, this resort is like a 4 star with room service. Would we return to Secrets Maroma Beach? Sure, it would be very interesting to see how it evolves over the next few months/year.