Just got back from a NYC shopping girls weekend. When we selected a hotel we wanted one that was close to Soho but also budget friendly. We found queen rooms at Hotel East Houston for $180. An incredible value for that area and quality of hotel. I actually was a bit hesitant as I thought it was too good to true as other similar hotels in the area were far more expensive. But when we walked in we were pleasantly surprised. The lobby is very modern and the staff were friendly and professional. We arrived around 11am and they said to come back at 3pm as the rooms werent ready yet. They stored our luggage and we stepped out for brunch and came back at 1:30pm to use the free hotel wifi and they told us our rooms were ready early. Our suitcases were actually already in our rooms which was nice. I was very pleased when I walked into my room. Like the lobby it was very modern and clean. Everything looked like it was on the new side and well maintained. The bathroom had Bvlgari toiletries, and there was a complimentary bottle of water in the room. As well in the closet were slippers which was a a nice touch. As I expect all budget New York hotels it was on the small side but it was all the space that I needed. I was staying on my own in the room but if my husband was with me I think it would have been fine in terms of space. One odd thing was that the bathroom had a frosted glass wall that faced the room. So you can see peoples outline when they are in there. Even for couples I think this level of nonprivacy would be awkward. The only other negative about the room was the noise. I had requested for us to have rooms on a upper level facing the back. They put us on the 3rd floor. My friend had a room that faced the side street and she said the noise wasnt that bad. But my room faced East Houston and it was very loud with traffic, sirens and honking at all hours of the night. I always travel with ear plugs so it wasnt an issue for me. But for light sleepers or those that didnt think ahead to bring ear plugs it would annoying. As well when people are talking in the hallway you can hear everything they say. Gladly people didn't loiter in the hallway but still a little annoying. When we checked in they told us breakfast was included that I actually forgot about. I dont know if breakfast is typically included in New York hotels but a nice bonus. It is served in the basement. In terms of the dcor of this room they really should try to improve it. The lighting and breakfast display is depressive. It reminded me of being in a bus stop or hospital waiting room. But the breakfast offerings are actually nice. There is fresh coffee, orange juice and lots of teas. Though one gripe is that they have little coffee mate creamer packages instead of real cream. There are bagels, cream cheese, yogurt, granola bars, cheese, bananas, oranges, etc. I had the croissants and jam which are actually decent. There is a water cooler in the basement as well where I filled up my water bottle daily. For the value I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Particularly for a shopping trip it is in a great location. Some great restaurants in walking distance are Clinton St. Bakery for brunch, Ippudo for amazing japanese and ramen. A little further away is La Esquina for the best fish tacos, and Tertulia for delicious spanish tapas.