Stayed here for four nights in December. Was generally quite pleased with the experience, would stay here again. Building was new and spotless; standard king-bed room was spacious and well laid out; bathroom was immaculate (granite counter, decent no-name toiletries, excellent water pressure). Fitness center was spacious and had big windows -- not off in the basement somewhere -- and they had a indoor pool, which doesn't seem customary in this price range. (Self) parking in the adjacent garage was $12, which seemed about half the price of the parking fees at most downtown hotels. Free wireless in rooms, and they also had a business center off the lobby. Staff was friendly and helpful. I didn't try the comp breakfast. Location is good. It's directly adjacent to Lucas Oil Stadium. It's about a five block walk to the center of downtown Indianapolis. There are other hotels that are more centrally located, but those are either a lot pricier or are older, dated properties that have hidden fees (eg higher parking or Internet) that push the price up. I didn't mind walking the five blocks, but if you want to be right atop Monument Circle, this isn't the place. The one downside is that the sound insulation in this new hotel is not great. I was there four nights. Two nights things were utterly silent. A third night I actually heard my neighbors' voices in the adjacent room -- couldn't make out the words, but could definitely tell when their conversation would begin and end (and they weren't yelling). The fourth night was New Years, so the overall noise level was understandably high, but every time a door closed on the floor it echoed through my room. All in all, this wasn't a huge problem for me, but it was definitely some of the worst sound insulation I've ever encountered in a hotel, so if you're especially sensitive to that, I'd factor it into your planning. Which is a shame, because the staff here does such a great job -- but remedying lousy construction standards isn't part of their job. Again, for me, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.