We very much recommend the couples to go to El Dorado Maroma in Mayan Riviera. Its one of the most relaxing place. Its super clean, very classy lovely food, lovely rooms, lovely beach and lovely people. Accept its best to go with some gifts and lots of $1 bills for tipping upfront daily for best services. We saw mostly ages from 40 and up ( retired) Its in the boonies very isolated.very nice . My husband and I went there for the first time looked forward to all the lovely stories we were told by the travel agent. until we reach to the front desk around 9pm very tired . We were given a welcome drink as we sat down to do the paperwork. We were then told to go to another one of their chain hotel called cassitas,because they said they have no more rooms. Which wasnot true at all . There was some other rooms for sure. we asked for the honeymoon room which we paid for and promised to . Then later on they came up with a very nice infinity room on the 3rd floor. We looked at it and accepted it. Locations was great, right in front of the spa.next to everything . We loved our stay accept we came accross some little catches. Dealing with consierge and Lomas Travel was a bit of challenge. Things often didn't go as we were promised, once booked. It kept changing. either the time or cancelled. We were kind of wondering about that thinking maybe others give better tips or ????. All the waiter, waitresses, cooks , managers , bartenders were very nice. Service was excellent. Rooms are very classy , very nice . Great stay.. We think the kitchen staffs , land scapers, beach staffs, also deserve some tips etc. They work super hard. We gave tips daily for 8 days they loved it. Just go and enjoy the most you can . Smile all the way Be very happy. Snorkeling on the beach was not the best. Rent the seadoos and go further up its much better or going on a snorkeling trio to elsewhere. sailing is not available We went to the cave at the Secreto river very nice. The weather was scary the time we arrived there stormy night but after that it was very nice windy and sunny . Water was a bit cool. We relaxed at the beach and time went very fast. .We did take a trip to Playa del carmen but we were not very impressed . We strongly recommend this hotel to all but please be sure you get what you pay for . When we mentioned to the hotel that out travel agent said that they already spoke to them about us and and its all set up. The hotel said travel agent not always do that they just say it . So then who do we believe. We dont like games. We expected to get what we paid for We'd love to go there again in future with some of our friends.or by ourselves.