Just returned from the Karisma El Dorado Maroma with my wife for a romantic Valentines week holiday. The hotel is adults only and is approximately a half hour south of the airport by car. The grounds, pools and beach are well maintained and exceptionally clean. We stayed in one of the MI Hotelito Beachfront suites. My understanding is these suites are the original structures and were recently renovated in the last year or two. Our room was tastefully furnished, the back patio opened next to Bar 24 with its pool, then a few steps to the beach. There is several other room choices with plunge pools or villas directly on the beach or with garden views these rooms are in buildings added to the resort over the last few years. The hotel staff is very professional, quick to say hello and are eager to please yet are not over bearing. The hotel assigns a personal concierge to you a nice touch. They will arrange spa treatments, reserve you a table for the themed dinning evenings and can help you with anything else. They also see if you are interested in joining the hotels vacation club, our concierge was very professional about this and was not pushy which I appreciated. The food was very good. I would rate breakfast and lunch best dinner second. There are four restaurants Kiyoko (dinner only) it is Asian inspired this was our favorite. Mio (dinner only) serves Italian, Sabores serves Mexican/Caribbean and Papitos offered pretty much anything else. Ask for the Green juice at breakfast it is really good! The only food criticism I offer is the wine selection. The house wines were not that good. The resort did offer other wines but it was extra, not cheap, and those selections were not that great. We were told by one of the waiters that management was changing the wine selection. That said we switched to tequila, ole! I would recommend some filed trips off of the resort. See Luis the Lomas Travel service representative who has an office just off the main reception area he was excelente. Trips are at an extra cost and can be charged to your room. We enjoyed the Camel Safari Brandon and Bernard are great tour guides. This took about 3hours was near by and fun. We also visited Tulum, a Mayan Village, Coba and snorkeling with turtles. This was an all day trip that was about 11 hours. The hotel offers free shuttle service into Playa Del Carmen on Wednesday and one other day, dont remember, it would be nice if they offered this more frequently. The hotel had an entertainment program with many activities but I noticed no one participating. We seemed to have a mature crowd the week we stayed who preferred to lounge, and take it easy. Next to the resort, but not part of it, is a marina that offers boat tours, parasailing, jet skis etc A note about the rotten smell mentioned by other reviews. I did notice it on occasion but it was not overbearing, consistent or a nuisance. Not sure if this has anything to do with the smell but the resort is surrounded by a mangrove swamp. We had no issues with mosquitoes. Overall this was a beautiful and quite resort that provided excellent service, good food and a very nice beach. We were very satisfied and highly recommend it to anyone!