We stayed only 1 night in El Dorado Maroma due to that our original plan got screwed up so we had to find another hotel for our last night of honeymoon. Overall this hotel is fine to stay. I believe from other reviews one can see lots of good things about this hotel. Since previously we stayed 6 nights in Secrets Maroma Beach Resort, my review will focus on the comparison between these two. We got upgraded from Honeymoon Suite to Infinity Pool Jacuzzi Suite because it was our honeymoon. Thanks to the courtesy from the management. The room is very spacious, bed is comfy, and the pillows have variety to choose, softer or harder. The room has both indoor and outdoor shower, which is fancy. There are few restaurants to choose. We picked the Asian food for our dinner and the quality was good. The breakfast was served in only one restaurant and the quality was nice too. However, you'll have to line up for some time to get a customized omelette. Wifi will be charged for $15/day but the signal is strong and fast. The staff was nice and polite and very considerate. Now, speaking of the downsides. The room doesn't have doorbell, or the staff just prefer to knock the door. After we checked in during the first 3 hours there were 4 groups of staff knocking our door and I had to get up and answer the door while resting. This was kinda annoying. The management didn't cascade the info to the staff that we just moved in. So the staff just followed their routine to knock everyone's door and asked if needs to change towels, refill minibar, etc. Besides, there's no option to make it "No Disturb" at the door. So there wasn't option for us not to answer the door. The jacuzzi was big, but the weephole was somehow broken and couldn't seal properly. Therefore, we couldn't use the jacuzzi. The indoor shower was spacious but the water pressure was weak, and the floor couldn't drain the water fast enough so you would have to stand in the water while showering. We didn't get to try the outdoor one so maybe that would be better. There's a private pool facing outside with a good view at our patio. There are also daybed and chairs ready for you to lie down and relax. However, there were tons of dead mosquitoes on the daybed and in the pool. I guess the hotel forgot to clean it. Therefore, we didn't want to try the bed or the pool at all. The room service menu is on the TV channel, not in a booklet, which is not easy to read and find the things you need. Besides, the options are not too many so we didn't find anything we liked. The beach doesn't have a super amazing view but was just ok due to the artificial reefs the hotel put in the ocean. Sand wasn't very white and kinda hard comparing to Secrets'. Water didn't seem very clear or blue at the beachfront. Again, overall the hotel is fine if you are comfortable with staying by the pool or your own room. It is a little cheaper anyway. However, by trying both hotel we think if we came back to the area we would probably pick Secrets Maroma rather than El Dorado Maroma due to the reasons mentioned above.