My significant other and I were at the resort from 12/28 through 1/3. Overall, it is a very nice resort but there were a few surprises that I'd like to share. I will preface this by saying that I do have expensive and good taste so if you are okay with mediocrity, you will be on top of the world with this resort. The two best things about the resort were the rooms (fabulous!) and the service (excellent!). We stayed on the fifth floor in a Honeymoon Suite and I HIGHLY recommend this option. There was a bed on the balcony with total privacy and an outdoor shower...absolutely fantastic. The people on the resort bent over backwards to make sure that you are happy, they know you by name (or at least try) and they are always smiling. So kudos to the management team for hiring such an awesome team and breeding that type of culture in the staff. The beach is beautiful...really beautiful. Surprises: 1. The liqour is not top shelf - Absolute was the best vodka there. 2. They will not "deliver" alcoholic drinks to your room nor is there any liqour in the room. How about that evening cocktail on the balcony? It would have been very nice to have it in the room and not have to go ask the bartender for 2 drinks and one without ice each night... I had that at the Iberostar Grand...I would have expected the same here. 3. The house wine choices are horrid - really - and I am not a wine snob. I drink Fetzer as my table wine. I couldn't find any that were worth drinking and ended up having to buy one of the more "reasonably" priced bottles of wine at $56! I was not happy. 4. Lunches and breakfasts were wonderful. Dinners were not. There are only 3 restaurants here so choices are limited from that standpoint as well as the menu. There was only one dinner out of 6 that I kind of enjoyed...in the Italian restaurant. The New Years' Eve dinner was terrible...mushy lobster. If I were running a resort in Mexico right now, I would be recruiting new graduates from culinary institutes in the US. I believe most of the clientele is from the US and we expect better cuisine. At least one more notch above... 5. We were there when the fire broke out next door...New Years' Eve. We were asleep in the room and no one came to knock on the door...the alarms (which was hardly an alarm) could not be heard from our room. It was a scary thought but luckily for everyone...and amazingly, no one was hurt. Management, you really need to get your act together to plan for emergencies. 6. I had difficulties getting on the internet during the first day of our stay. I called the concierge...she provided a temporary solution. When I checked out, I had over $100 worth of internet charges to the room because I kept trying to connect.. I explained this to the staff and after 30 minutes of them "calling to find out what happened", we had to leave so that we would not miss our flight and I left extremely upset about this. I tried to sign up for a 3 day, $36 pass and ended up with 3 of them because of the problems. No one seemed to care...the concierge I had spoken to about the problems was "off" for the day, and they had no solution for me. So, in summary...I may try this resort again in the future just because of the beauty, the rooms, and the staff. But, I am going to try others in the area before I do. Best of luck!