My wife and I just returned from a Monday through Friday stay at the El Dorado Maroma for our 25th wedding anniversary. Overall we were very happy but the resort missed the mark for perfect (Excellent) on 2 points. A 3rd point is not the fault of the resort and doesn't affect my scoring but I wanted to share it for other travelers like us who don't come to the Riviera Maya often. I will cover those 3 points first before going into all the great parts about this resort. Don't discount it just because of the first items. - Many people in other reviews reported problems about rooms not being provided which match their reservation and this also happened to us. We arrived at the hotel at 8pm on Monday to check in to our Honeymoon suite. I had called reservations the day before to confirm that we had requested a Honeymoon suite and preferred something near the front in buildings 3, 4, 5 or 6. They confirmed this was in our reservation and noted again our preference. When we checked in I didn't bother to ask about it and we were escorted up to our suite. It turns out that we were not in a Honeymoon suite but had been given a suite in a brand new building to the left side (north) of the resort. It was brand new and on the 2nd floor. I realized instantly that this wasn't a Honeymoon suite and insisted we go back to the front desk. The young woman at the desk rationalized that we were in an "upgraded" room and couldn't explain why we weren't in the requested room. It was late so she finally stated she couldn't do anything about it that night and said we could come back in the morning. My view is that the resort does not take true room "reservations" but instead treats them as room requests, this despite the fact that they charge different rates and the rooms have different amenities. Long story short, we enjoyed our newer room for the rest of the trip (more on that in the room recomendation) but the resort could have made arrival much better with a little more training by their person at the desk. Saying right up front, "I'm sorry Mr. 'Smith' but your room doesn't match your reservation. We've given you a better room but if you don't like it we can work wit you to make changes." They did all this after the fact but some damage had already been done during the first 30 minutes of our stay. - Related to the above, we were in a new building on the far left (north) of the property which had a waterfall wall on the front, very pretty. However on 2 different nights during our stay the waterfall pump malfunctioned and began making fairly loud sounds which woke us up from deep sleep and prevented returning to sleep. We called maintenance on both occasions and within 10 minutes had come to turn it off, it seems by turning off the power. They need to make sure this doesn't happen, probably part of being a recently opened building. - 3rd issue is not a resort problem but worth mentioning for people not used to this area. In December, the nights get cool and if there are clouds during the day (we had cloudy afternoons on 3 days) it can also be cool. Bring clothes and casual wear according. People who looked like "regulars" had sweatshirts and warmer evening attire than we had packed. So now for the good stuff. We loved the location of this resort. The only activity on this stretch of beach is this small(ish) resort and a marina. As far as the eye can see to the north and south there is no other commercial activity. While the beach is narrow to the south, it has a wild and unspoiled look. To the north (toward the marina) the beach is wide and perfect for walking. It is roughly a 3 mile walk around a small cape before you reach any more resorts. We walked that far and encountered about 10 resorts all one after the other and beaches with hundreds if not thousands of people. By contrast we probably never had more than 30 or 40 people on the beach. The water was quite calm at our location and very comfortable to wade and swim. To protect the beach there are large sandbags off shore. (Some call them whales.) You can wade out and snorkel around the bags even if you are not an experienced snorkeler. It isn't great snorkeling but there were a variety of fish small corals (just starting) and large star fish. If you aren't inclined to go out into the ocean to snorkel at the reef it is a good option. Other than our check in "issue" the staff were friendly, attentive and helpful as so many others have noted. While we are not regulars at All Inclusive resorts (this is our 3rd one) the food and drinks were by far the best. The food was as good as many restaurants and far, far better than food we had at the other AI resorts. Drinks were also very good and not weak or watered down. We splurged on our first night on an upgraded bottle of wine but drank the house wine on the other nights and it was just fine. Don't expect 5 star restaurant level food but overall we were quite pleased with all of our meals. The grounds are small and intimate and peaceful. If you aren looking for quiet and intimacy this is a great resort to connect as a couple. Don't come here expecting a big party life. Quite frankly as a couple who was intent on being focused on each other, we preferred to stay away from the larger groups. I can see why some people were bothered in other reviews by large wedding parties, it would really disrupt the feel of this resort and its biggest strength, a paradise built for two. Right next door to the resort is a marina with many activities: parasailing, scuba, deep sea fishing, sailing excursions, snorkeling, wave runners, speedboats. It was never loud or obtrusive. We enjoyed two excursions and loved the fact that we could walk directly over without any taxis or buses. The snorkeling trip goes directly out of the marina out to the reef about 1000 meters so it was very convenient. We happened to take a wave runner snorkeling tour which included an ocean cenote (sinkhole) it was a unique experience. Here is another hint, the resort gift shop is expensive but if you walk 20 meters over to the marina they have a gift shop with much better selection and lower prices. Overall, if asked I would recommend this resort to any couple looking for relaxation, romance, good food and drink (great for an AI), great setting and great service.