5 days and nights of pure paradise!! Only drawbacks we encountered was that we didn't get the best view as we were hoping to get from our Infinity Suite due to arriving late,(end of the building) and the Concierge was really trying hard to push their "Presentation". We paid and came to relax, rest, unwind and enjoy our anniversary, not to spend our time in a 1 1/2 hour presentation. I do not expect this from a upscale resort like this that I payed top dollar for. Service was EXCELLENT, we couldn't have asked for more. Tipping is not required, but a dollar here and a dollar there really seemed to get there attention and made our visit and the service we received that much better. Everyone we encountered that was employed by the resort was gracious, warm and friendly. We were content to just lay around the beach all day, and couldn't find a reason to leave the resort. As far as the dining, I am not a gourmet type of person, but my wife is and she enjoyed it. I'm more of a "Biscuits and Gravy" type of person, so the breakfasts and lunches were my main meals of the day, and the variety, quality and taste were good. Limited menu for Room Service in the evening, but what was offered was good and service was extremely fast. We did have the Lobster Dinner on the beach on our last evening, and I highly recommend this to anyone who stays here. It was quite intimate and well done.The property was immaculate, along with our suite. The beds were more than comfortable, the bathrooms were fully stocked with anything that you could possibly need, and there were more linens that you could use.The few problems we encountered in our suite during our stay were addressed quickly.(Infinity Pool not working properly, smoke detector beeping) Free wi-fi would be a wonderful addition to the resort, but the in room safes would need to be replaced with larger ones to accommodate a laptop. Check-In and Check-Out were hassle free, but the documents they had you sign were in Spanish, so there's no telling what I signed. They wanted a major Credit Card at time of Check-In even though everything had already been paid for, but I refused, told them I would pay cash for any extras, and they didn't push the issue. All said, I would recommend El Dorado Maroma to anyone who wants to stay at a smaller, quieter and more intimate resort. If you are looking for parting and nightlife, El Dorado Maroma would not be for you.