We booked this resort for our honeymoon and have to say it definitely lived up to the expectations. It fit our desire for a smaller, more intimate resort with less people that would be relaxing. While we were there the resort was probably only half-full and there was never a wait for dinner or a shortage of beach chairs and umbrellas. The beach here is truly amazing. While the water is shallow and extends that way for awhile, I find this to be nicer than some of the deeper beaches at resorts nearby where the waves are pounding you and the beach area is thin. Maroma is a nice wide beach. After reading some of the comments below about the odd "smell" at the beach, I have to say they are exaggerated. While we did experience the odor from time to time, it is brief lasting for only a minute or so when the wind is blowing in exactly the right direction. I actually believe it comes from the motors running nearby at the marina. The snorkeling nearby is actually excellent. The reef right off the resort where you can see the waves crashing is certainly not dead and we saw some great stuff. Perhaps it depends on exactly where your guide takes you. The food here was actually excellent and definitely exceeded our expecations for an all-inclusive. The grille near the beach is excellent for breakfast and lunch everyday. Some of the themed dinners left a bit to be desired and the entrees were hit or miss, but you can always ask for something else or to see the steak menu, which can be ordered at anytime. There is no "menu" for room service as you can literally order almost anything you want. Drinks at the swim-up bar at the pool are made with a generous amount of liqour and I did not experience the "watered-down" drinks many complain about at all-inclusives. The only negative comments about this resort and what I believe keeps it from being 5 stars are mostly logistics related. We had originally booked an ocean view honeymoon suite which was supposed to be on the 3rd or 4th floor with a nice view. When we arrived, we were told for some reason the room was not available and we were taken to an alleged "upgraded" suite in the new section. While this suite was nice, it lacked what we had booked and really wanted- the ocean view and something on the 3rd or 4th floor. After some complaining they eventually confessed that they overbooked the resort and gave our room away. This is not a good business practice and I don't know why they do this. We were, however, able to move rooms the next night to what we had originally booked and paid for. We also received spa credit for the issue. Transporation - The resort does not have its own private cars or transfer services so you are left paying a third-party service and cram packed on a shuttle to and from the airport or to go to Playa. Other nice resorts have private SUVs that can be used. Also, there is no ATM at the resort and you have to go all the way to Playa Del Carmen to get cash. They also apparently cannot charge to your room/credit card for cash so this was a major inconvenience. There was construction going on at the resort while we there and one of the main pools and bars is closed while they renovate the area. We would hear the occasional chain saw, hammer, or power equipment, but I understand it's something that couldn't be avoided. Wine - the included wine left a lot to be desired. While the liqour and bar drinks were great, the included wine at dinner was of the bargain basement variety and the upgraded wine menu also lacked a good selection and seemed to be very overpriced. Overall though, it was a great resort, great trip, and we got what we expected. Because of the price and all-inclusive I think you definitely get a good value with El Dorado.