I had the pleasure of experiencing the El Dorado Maroma for a week in early August 2011 and very much enjoyed the escape. Having stayed at many all inclusive resorts in the past 16+ years I was curious to see how they stacked up against this tiny resort and I can say it exceeded them all for service and dining. Travelling solo I was a little curious as to how the reception would be as this is primarily a honeymoon & couples adult only resort but the concerns proved unfounded as the staff went out of their way to make me feel comfortable. I liked the intimate size compared to much larger resorts in Mayan Riviera that are so large you can't easily walk around them. My room was on the second floor, 212, and it's a "MiHotelito" room, meaning it's close to the beach in the original section of the resort not the newer addition with its swim-up suites. I'd read other reviews recommending against staying in this room category but for my stay it was more than enough luxury. The large king bed is complimented by a double day bed on the large balcony and they will even make it up for an overnight stay should you wish to cleep closer to nature. The solid wooden planks on the balcony gave it a real tropical feel and I spent many hours out there both morning and later afternoon & early evening, though later in the day the banter from the smaller of the resort's two pools is hard to tune out some days. There are fabric privacy screens that add an intimate hideaway feel to the balcony as well. The bathroom has a large shower stall only, no tub, and again met my needs though isn't brand new if you're picky about those touches. While the sink water pressure and temperature was super the shower ran hot & cold at times and was a little weaker pressure than I like but that's not something that hugely impacted my stay. The room had a nice huge cabinet holding the TV and mini-bar which was restocked daily with 4 Tecate beer, juice and small 200 ML cans of Coke, Coke Zero, Dier Coke & Sprite. One item about the room that I wanted to mention as taking some getting used to was the use of the AC unit which has a remote control and does an exceptional job cooling the room but it is a little loud. The first night I tried sleeping without the AC or the celing fan and roasted so tried the ceiling fan only the second night and while better it was still hot in the room and I woke up several times. On night #3 I tried the AC and fell asleep quickly and had a long night sleep so it wasn't loud enough to keep me awake. The purle LCD display does stay on as long as the unit is working and it casts a funkly glow over the room and also took some getting used to as I'm a fairly light sleeper. The grounds are very lush and tropical and nothing is more than a 5 minute walk away so quite easy to navigate. The restaurant choices are good especially for a one week stay as there's not much repetition. I started the first few mornings at Sabore's which is the main restaurant and it overlooks the large main pool. Later in the stay I discovered while not listed on the being open for breakfast on the in-room dining guide, Papitos became my a favorite way to start the day as it's steps of the beach and offers superb views out to sea. The dining is a choice of indoor or outdoors on the patio and I always chose outdoors. Papitos is also open for a lunch and the has different themes such as seafood one day, Mexican another so the menu changes enough to keep it fresh & interesting. Sabore's is a comfortable restaurant which also has different theme nights but is a little more formal and requests long dress shorts or pants for the men and dresses or nice pants for the ladies. Kiyoko and Mio Italian Cuisine were specialty restaurants and had excellent choices for every taste. The little stream in the middle of a long, central table at Kiyoko was a unique feature. The dining was all a la carte, no buffet, and in looking back I think helped me save a few pounds as it was nice but not huge portions and so didn't overindulge during the week. The food itself I found to be of a high standard and was always fresh, hot and tasty and was presented well if a little more artistically arranged than I expected. There are a few nights that they request reservations but a quick stop at the concierge office took care of that the few times I required it though it didn't seem rigidly enforced. Couples can opt to dine by themselves on the beach in a candlelit meal that can be arranged through the concierge at a small cost. Overall the dining was much better than past experiences at other all inclusives and is as El Dorado advertises as offering a "Gourmet Inclusive" experience. The beach while raked several times a day I got the sense it was a sculpted, created and not a natural beach. What I mean is that elsewhere I've been able to sink my feet into the sand almost to the ankle but at the Maroma was only able to scape the top surface off and go down only a inch or so. It's soft and white but not the same as other beaches I've been on. The sunken barriers offshore have also created a very shallow swimming area that varies between ankle and knee deep, though it does get much deeper past the barriers and the water there offers better snorkeling. You couldn't go too far out however due to the personal watercraft from the adjacent marina so the beach & water were drawbacks, though the availability of both loungers and the bigger and better day beds was never an issue and I spent most days lounging in the shade and reading. The main pool is large and has several different levels allowing you to put loungers right in the water. The swim up pool bar was always active and the friendly bar staff always had a smile and a drink ready. One thing I noted was that the liquor selection at these bars and around the resort was far better than I'd expected. There were at least a half dozens kinds of run including Havana Club from Cuba which is a personal favorite. The beer selection also included what became a favorite which was the Dos Equis Ambar or amber beer. The resort staff was always friendly and saying hello and interested that you were taken care of. Since it is a smaller more intimate resort I liked that you got to interact with staff regularly so you got to know each other better than is usually the case at the large mega resorts. When I mentioned I was leaving the hostess at Sabore's gave me a hug goodbye and was a nice end to a peasant week where I felt welcomed without being fauned all over. I did leave smaller tips throughout the stay as the staff works very hard, especially Linda and Lius the oustanding beach butlers who trek up & down the hot sand in hot summer weather to bring me cool drinks. My input would be to take a fistful of single U.S. dollar bills and spread them around for the excellent service received. I didn't experience the spa nor visit the gym so can't comment on either and didn't order room service during my stay. I did book at the on-site Lomas Travel office for a snorkeling excursion off Puerto Morelos and it was a great dive getting to see a shark, baracuda and manta ray up close in the wild. The reef colours were oustanding and this is one of the best dives I've done throughout the Caribbean so highly recommend it. The total including roundtrip transportation, snorkel equipment and lunch was US$70 which was not too bad for a 3-4 hour tour that included two 45 minute dives in two different parts of the reef. I can see now why the El Dorado brand is well liked as this resort offered a more upscale experience I could easily get used to. The small size is a big plus and I hope the newly constructed "Presidentials" being added past Papitos don't change the feel of the resort. I'm sure the other sister resorts such as El Dorado Royale and Seaside Suites have their own ambiance and I hope to stay there one day also but would return again to this wonderful hideaway of a resort if given half a chance as it really does deliver a quality resort experience unlike many, many others.