My wife and I have traveled around the world and often go to Bermuda. We decided to try something different and are glad we visited the El Dorado. Below is my breakdown of the pros and cons of this resort: 1. Service- Terrific. Everything you've read on TripAdvisor about the service at El Dorado is 100% accurate. We truly appreciated the lovely people and felt pampered throughout our stay. 2. Beach- Beautiful (as stated in numerous reviews). Being used to Bermuda's pink sand and beautiful water, we had high expectations. We loved dipping in the shallow water and watching the fish (and stingrays on occasion) all around us. Yes, there are unsightly barriers about 200 feet off shore, but trey did not detract from the overall beauty of the beach. Yes, there is a marina that sends out wave-runners and catamarans beside the beach. Again, this did not detract from the scenery (although it was a bit noisy). The smell you've read about would come and go, but we were able to let it go after the first day. 3. Food- The food was good but not excellent. Restaurants do not serve gourmet-level meals, and the wine list is mediocre. I 4. Room- Our room was likely the finest in which we've stayed in our many travels over the years. Spend the extra money to get the infinity pool room and do be sure to request and wait for the third or fourth-floor rooms (particularly in the Block 3 or Block 4 section). See the picture of our room in this review. 5. Overall ambience- The grounds of the property were lovely. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed strolling and/or just watching the views from our balcony. What I will say was a problem with this resort was the draw of two loud groups of people. As you've read on TripAdvisor, you're out of luck if you come to a small resort like this looking for quiet and are suddenly overwhelmed by noisy and obnoxious individuals. I would advise the hotel staff to be more assertive and firm so such parties can be dealt with properly. This resort's attraction is its intimate environment and its welcoming atmosphere for honeymooners and mid-life couples like my wife and me who want to get away from the kids and our careers for a week.