.....there was really only one major issue and this truly is no fault of the resort. I will start at the beginning and try not to repeat what a majority of reviewers stated as this was a lovely resort. My wife and I stayed at EDM from 7/10 through 7/17 and were looking forward to a relaxing, intimate, quiet vacation as this resort has only 72 rooms and is adult only. WEDDING PARTIES There was a wedding party there during our stay; we have no problems with wedding parties, but we did with this particular group. I have never encountered a group that was so loud, obnoxious, drunk and inconsiderate of other guests. Here are some examples: While my wife and I attempted to enjoy the ocean front view from our balcony and sit in our Infinity pool we could see a few people in this group at the main pool below. One individual flicked a lit cigarette at his friend into the pool ( yes the pool that ALL the guests use) and proceeded to jump in the pool with his can of beer and wrestle with his cohort, beer forgotten and left to sink in the bottom of the pool that ALL the guests use. This wasnt so terrible, but we paid alot of $$ for an ocean front room with an Infinity pool. Unfortunately whenever we were on our balcony the pool below sounded like a busy Holiday Inn (from the drunken behavior of the wedding party). Rather than hearing the sounds of the birds, the ocean, the breeze etc. we were treated to very loud vulgar behavior. profanity and drunken lewdness of about half the wedding party at a time (30 people or so). We quickly learned that wherever the wedding party went, we simply went elsewhere. Sometimes this was difficult because if we were at the beach for example, we could constantly hear the loud group from either the main pool or the small pool that EDM calls of all things the "quiet" pool. I asked my wife if I was being a bit too sensitive concerning this intrusion and she said absolutely not, We had met some other guests and they also were quite upset with the shennanigans of this wedding party. My advice to future travelers: Make sure to check with the resort if there is a wedding party booked for the dates you decide to stay. I am sure that the majority of wedding parties there are never a problem but this one in particular ruined the first half of our one week stay We really wanted this week to de-stress and enjoy each other's company. The good news: When the wedding party left the ambience of the resort changed entirely. The resort became peaceful, quiet and zen-like which is exacly what we read on TA and what we were expecting. THE BEACH The beach was beautiful!! Never once did we need to search out a beach bed or an umbrella and no "towel game" here. Hola to Linda and Luis who worked very hard all day long in the hot sun bringing guests cold beverages. The ocean water was very warm, like bath water. Due to the barriers about 100 yards out or so there are no waves at all. It is also a bit difficult to really swim agressively in this ocean because the water as far out to the barriers only comes up to your waist. I am an "ocean" person and love riding the waves, swimming etc. but one cannot do this at EDM. This was not a huge deal to me this trip as the beach and ocean was so beautiful. I never had a problem getting snorkeling equipment, it was always available. I recommend as other reviewers have to swim out between the barriers and here you will see some fish and small (baby?) stingrays--I saw just one stingray when I snorkeled. THE FOOD We are foodies and I am fairly certain that with all the planning for this trip I most likely got my hopes to high. Remember that the food is all-inclusive. The food was good, we never had a "bad" meal. But at the same time nothing "wowed' us or compelled me to share a bite so my wife doesn't "miss out" on something (which we always do if something is great). If you are used to sushi in a big city, you may find this sushi disappointing--but it wasn't "bad". THE ENTERTAINMENT Thank you Ariel--for doing a great job with the night-time entertainment. The Michael Jackson show was awesome ( and I was never even a big MJ fan) and you dont want to miss it! We also really loved the Fire Dance show as well--very cool. Most nights the bar gets very quiet by aroud 10:00 p m or so. Since my wife and I tend to like our drinks more so at night then during the day, we often were the only ones at the bar at 10 and we usually called it a night by 11. THE STAFF Here is where I really regret having written anything negative at all about EDM because we really fell in love with the staff. They are truly wonderful people as almost every previous reviewer has pointed out. Here are some folks that really "stood out" and made our trip extra special just by being so great (it is my hope that managment reads this and commends these folks) LISBETH--hostess at Pepitos for breakfast and lunch. Makre sure you get to know Lisbeth--she is not only beautiful but also warm and friendly and always greeeted my wife and me with a giant smile. Every morning she taught me some new phrases in Spanish and spent a couple of minutes each day speaking with us. Mucho gusto bonita Lisbeth! CINDY-hostess? manager ? at Kiyoko and Mios. CIndy has to be one of the sweetest and kindest people we have ever met at any resort. By the end of the week she was giving the wife and me hugs every time we arrived at dinner--that's just how Cindy operates. One really nice thing Cind/y did for us: We were told that the Michael Jackson show was not to be missed and it started at 9 p.m. Well, we were still finishing dinner at around 8:45 so we asked Cindy if it "fills up" at Ricks Bar where the show is held. She said not to worry--she will save us a front row seat. This was great but this wasn't what impressed us. What impressed us was that during the show we saw Cindy pop her head in (Ricks is upstairs from the restaurant so Cindy had to leave her post) just to wave and make sure we got our seats that she saved for us. What impressed my wife and me was that Cindy really didn't need to do this--she just checked on us because she cared. We really miss you Cindy! GABY--Gaby is a delightful waitress at Sabores--she even sang a song with the Mariachi band when they performed one night. She was always smiling and took very good care of us during dinner. REUBEN--Reuben was our waiter most mornings and at many lunches. Sometimes we spent as long as 10 minutes chatiing with Reuben if he wasn't busy as he was just so enjoyable- a great sense of humor and quick to laugh. FERNANDO--my wife really thought Fernando was cute--I thought Fernando was very fun-loving and pleasant to talk to as well. ISRAEL--was very professional and polite. ARIEL--I mentioned you earlier ARIEL and again hats off to you on a job well done with the Entertainment. VITALE--was our waiter a couple of times and he is extremely professional. He gave me some ideas as to what tequila to order as sadly EDM does not have Don Julio Silver. Other folks who we thought did a great job were GABO, AURELIO, ALEJANDRO and the excellent maid service. DRINKS We enjoyed all the drinks. They were not watered down and all were very well made--some of the frozen ones were a bit on the sweet side--but that is such a subjective matter. We missed Don Julio this trip so we mostly drank SKYY vodka or Stolis. BOTTOM LINE--We loved this resort. Yes it was a rocky start with the loud group there. But the grounds are immaculate, the beach.,pools and rooms are gorgeous. The food didnt "knock our socks off" but it was good and we never had a bad meal. If we come again. which we very well may, we will check to make sure there aren't any large groups booked here.