My husband and I recently spent our honeymoon at the El Dorado. The beach is outstanding and the rooms are very nice. When planning the trip, I specifically asked for an ocean view room. When we arrived, we had an ocean view room however; we could not see the ocean due to enlarged palm trees. We asked to move to the third floor and the view was better there yet we still had palm trees slightly blocking our view. We also had an infinity pool suite. Don't waste your money on these rooms as they are higher priced than the other rooms. The pools do not have water that circulates and there were lots of bugs in ours and algae spots. Birds also bathed in our pool each morning. There are two outside pools with swim up bars. The pools are nice with great lay out chairs and one has lay out beds. The resort is "all inclusive" however we were asked several times if we wanted to "upgrade" our dinner, our room, and then asked to go to a sales presentation to join their travel club which was $6,500. When we declined, the sales guy acted "ticked off" at us and basically pushed us out the door. We were told that we would not be pressured to buy and that we would receive a coupon for a free romantic dinner on the beach. We DID get a "romantic" dinner out of the deal after asking for our coupon. While we were there, we had a massage on the beach. The massage is the best thing they have going for them. It was spectacular-approx. $200 per couple if you get the massage before 12 noon. The food was good and we did not get sick during the visit. The mixed drinks were larger than usual. They have coconut drinks on Wed. and Fri. called coco locos. If you are a younger couple (not retirement age) you might want to bring extra money to do some excursions. Most are $100 per person even the 30 minute ATV/30 min. sea doo exploration. There are not many activities to do at the resort unless you want to paint a ceramic( that you have to purchase), go to a spanish lesson, play chess or checkers, or ping pong. If you plan to go off the resort, plan on a $25 cab ride to and $25 back from the excursion or to Playa Del Carmen for shopping. The first three nights we were there, we were sweating when we slept. They have Econoair cooling units. Come to find out, if your air is not cold, you have to ask for the maintenance guy and he has to come and lower the temp for you. The room service for breakfast was great! There were beds on the beach that you could lay under or you could use the lay out chairs and provided umbrellas. The manmade reefs kept most of the seaweed and fish away. Plan to bring a few DVD's for rainy days. Each room has a DVD player and one or two channels in English.