We spent a long time looking for the perfect honeymoon spot, and finally settled on El Dorado Maroma. We wanted a small (under 100 rooms) all-inclusive, with no waiting for beach chairs or dinner seats, but some daytime activities and nighttime entertainment if we felt like it. We also wanted a romantic room with a view, to feel relaxed and pampered, and good to great food options. El Dorado Maroma promised everything that we were looking for, and they delivered it when we got there. We stayed in a beautiful honeymoon suite on the 4th floor of building 6. We requested to be closer to the ocean, but there are no honeymoon suites in building 3 or 4 (they are all infinity pool suites above level 1), and we think that building 5 was being renovated when we were there, because the last two days we heard hammering from 8 am to approximately 5pm through that wall. Despite not getting the room we hoped for, the view from building 6 was still wonderful and we really loved our room. It was clean and the furnishings were all modern but comfy. The balcony had a daybed that was so fun to lay out on, and we used the outside shower every day! The only real problem we had was the aforementioned hammering that was very repetitive and loud, and woke us up one morning. Not exactly relaxing! We probably could have complained to management about this, but since it was during our last two days there, we didn't feel like moving rooms and spent most of the day outside anyway. I also wouldn't recommend the fourth floor if you have trouble climbing stairs - there was quite a hike up to the room every night - but for us, it was worth it for the view! The food ranged from fair to excellent. We loved every breakfast at Sabores and every lunch at Papitos. Dinner was the only time we had a few 'average' meals, namely at the Italian restaurant and during the Mayan theme night. The Italian was overly salty and nothing stood out during the Mayan night. We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant for dinner though, and the mahi mahi we had on the Mexican theme night was the highlight of our dinner meals! For every meal, even the ones we didn't enjoy as much, the food was always creatively presented in a beautiful way. We had a good time just looking at it! We spent 7 days and we did not feel like the food was too repetitive. We also enjoyed dinner on the beach one night, which was tasty and romantic, but it was free for us thanks to a voucher we received before the trip. If we hadn't had the voucher, I don't think the dinner would have been worth the $180+ price tag. The beach was outstanding. The sand is white and powdery, the water is a clear blue-green color, and you can walk all the way out to the sand bags. The sand bags are not very attractive, but we appreciated them being there when we walked down to other resorts and found a steep drop off and strong currents. In a small hut near the beach entrance, you can borrow rafts and beach games, as well as books and sunscreen. We saw many people playing horseshoes, boccie ball, and floating on the ocean. The beach beds were very romantic and cozy, and there were always loungers available (although ones with umbrellas would often be taken during the middle of the day). The marina next door is closer than we realized, but there wasn't any bothersome noise from it, aside from the occasional jet ski. We walked past the marina several days and enjoyed a long walk without any resorts. If you walk for about 45 minutes, you will reach a long stretch of big resorts, but the area in between is mostly jungle. Really pretty! Service was excellent at the resort. We were promptly waited on by a beach butler whenever we were laying out, and all of the restaurant waiters were great. Everyone throughout the resort was friendly, spoke English, and made us feel like we were at home. The nighttime entertainment performers were also charming, and really put everything they had into their jobs. We especially enjoyed the Michael Jackson show! We also had a great time enjoying the day activities, like the tequila tasting, the kayak tour, and the cooking demonstration (all included in your stay). We did have a poor experience with the EDM spa. We were really looking forward to a moonlight massage for our 'one week' anniversary, and even double-checked the time twice leading up to it. Unfortunately, when we got to the spa, we found out that they had scheduled our moonlight massage for 9AM, not 9PM (and trust me, we definitely requested MOONLIGHT!). They had another couple scheduled during 'our' time, so we missed out on the special night we had planned and had to move the moonlight massage to the day before we left. The ladies at the spa were apologetic, but it was a big let down after we planned our evening around it and were so looking forward to it. When we finally got our massage, it took place in the beautiful over-water palapa - but we weren't expecting the several tables of beach diners sitting right in front of the palapa! While being watched was awkward enough, the massage was completely ruined by the loud, live saxophone and recorded backing track that was playing easy listening hits over a loudspeaker for the diners. I swear that we didn't have the saxophone playing during our beach dinner, so I was totally surprised and couldn't relax during the massage at all. For the price we paid, I expected more consideration for the ambiance. The massages themselves were average (my husbands' was too rough and he had a very sore shoulder the next day!) It was a disappointing finale (especially combined with the hammering in our room that day) to an otherwise special and lovely vacation. We didn't notice any bad smell that other reviewers complained about, unless we walked over to the very edge of the resort near the mangroves. This is the area where they are building the new villas, which looked awesome, but those may get hit with more of a smell. I did get a few mosquito bites, even with bug spray on, but I seem to attract them wherever I go. Overall, we had a wonderful time and loved our room, the friendly staff, breakfast and lunch, the lush grounds, and the stunning beach. We were disappointed in the spa, the all-day hammering in the neighboring room, overpriced add-ons (the beach dinner and the moonlight massage), and we also wish that they had had free internet. Those drawbacks are why I rated EDM 'Very Good'. I would still love to go back because of the reasons we enjoyed our stay and hope I could rate it 'Excellent' in the future!