Preferred the breakfasts and lunches over dinners. I am a huge Japanese food fan but found the recommended main course I ordered was inedible. The Italian restaurant was much better... nice pastas, but skip the proteins. Many of the fish dishes had a MSG taste. I don't know if they used MSG, but it overwhelmed the fish. Truly preferred the the seafood served at Secrets Maroma Beach. Also Secrets Maroma Beach, a half hour walk from El Dorado Maroma, had finger foods being served around the pools and outdoor bbqs. El Dorado Maroma only allows you to eat in the restaurants or in your room. So no pool side food service. Honeymoon Suites are just rooms where the non-functioning Infinity pool has been boarded up with a deck. In most of the buildings they are on the 3rd and 4th floors, which means you will have an ocean view. The Honeymoon suite we were in was quite lovely. Loved the outdoor shower and the fact the room was HUGE. The travel agent was right. You will find, weather permitting, you won't be spending much time in your room. The infinity suites can either be the best rooms, or the worst rooms depending in which building they place you in. The beach front buildings are structured a little differently and, because of that, can handle the weight of the pools. So every floor, except the 1st which is a swim-up, has one. But the buildings behind those two, because of the way they were structured, have infinity pools only on the second floor (supported with a column) which means there is a good chance your views will be blocked by the building in front of them. The beach itself is beautiful, but for some reason is the depth of a kiddy pool. There are patches of deep water, but not enough really to swim. You can go past the markers the hotel deems safe but because of the busy marina next door you could put your life at risk. Secrets Maroma Beach wins over El Dorado Maroma's beach. I know this seems like a negative review, but once you know all this stuff, you will love it at El Dorado Maroma. I love the fact it is small, and beautifully landscaped. (But you never feel trapped, the layout of the hotel grounds makes you feel like you are in a world of your own). And even though Secrets Maroma Beach, excelled in certain areas, I still preferred my stay at El Dorado Maroma. It is truly a beautiful hotel. Lovely staff and really nice guests made the stay wonderful. One of my favorite people there was one of our waiters Fernando. On those days you feel more tired or worn out he would help set you straight. Be it with his recommendations of food, or getting you to order a sinful drink - or just his sincere desire to see you have a good time - he helped make our stay exceptional. I hope this review is helpful. I just read someone's headline "Lower your expectations just a little and you will have a nice stay!" and I can't agree more.