Our perfect, weeklong stay at El Dorado Maroma was in one word "Unforgetable"! We loved the ambiance of our Mi Hotelito 2nd floor room. The first thing we did was tie up the curtains on the balcony to reveal the breathtaking view of the aqua ocean framed by lush tropical vegetation. Many moonlite evenings were spent star gazing on the outdoor bed listening to the Caribbean wind blow through the palms. We could seriously plan our next visit around a full moon! Each morning was greeted with such anticipation to have a delightful breakfast poolside at Sabores or beachside at Pepito's. Then it was straight to the beach with unlimited selections of beach beds, recliners and umbrellas. So nice not to have a crowd anywhere, very easy to find quiet and secusion. This is the perfect beach for walking also, even getting caught in a short downpour didn't dampen our spirits. Different themed lunches at Pepito's left us stuffed and ready for an afternoon's nap again on the beach. The gorgeous, immaculate grounds are quiet, romantic and dimly lite in the evening, perfect for strolling after dinner. Can't imagine any vacationing couple not falling in love all over again during a stay here, we have recommended the resort to everyone inquiring about our vacaton. We loved our waiters, hostesses, maids........very much service oriented (too many to mention, they were all fantastic). Be sure to check out the water before sunset to watch the stingrays. They come very close to the beach and are beautiful creatures to observe. Also, we recommend to morning trip to Tulum, thanks Luis. Departure day was sad, but we will return!! Our one complaint of a noisey air conditioner in our room was quickly solved when a new unit was installed. Small incidental suggestions?? Warm up the water in the "24" swim up pool and lose the American music in the restaurants, we are in Mexico and want Mexican music............the only sense not completely and happily engaged was our hearing!! Otherwise carryon EDM......we love you :)