I stayed at EDM for 5 nights last month. As everyone has written, it is on a beautiful beach. There are no other resorts in either direction, so the beach is uncrowded, quiet and peaceful. I also liked the size of this resort -- only 72 rooms, so even if they are sold out, that would be only 150 guests on site. The grounds were nice and it was well maintained. And I loved the beach beds! I was disappointed in the food -- yes it looks gourmet, but it is not gourmet quality. Probably the best item I ate all week was a burrito at lunch and I loved the green juice at breakfast. But the dinners were disappointing -- especially the Mayan night when I had this pounded flat piece of tough pork. As far as the service, I was traveling alone and it seems when you are a single traveler, you don't get the same sort of service that a couple or family does -- it's something that the travel industry needs to work on in general -- but there were a few times where I felt invisible (waited about 40 minutes one day for someone to bring me a drink at the beach, when everyone else was getting served, etc.). The rooms were nice, but not "architectural digest" nice. I loved the bed on the balcony and the infinity pool was nice. But I was on the 2nd floor and the palm trees block the view of the beach, so if you want a beach view, you need to be on the 3rd floor or higher. They mention that they fill up the mini-fridge each day with drinks and snacks, but the snacks consisted of 1 candy bar and 1 package of pretzels. I was looking for a quiet, peaceful few days on the beach and I definitely got that here. However, it's not necessarily a luxurious resort, so if you are looking for a grand lobby, beautiful restaurants, a romantic beachside bar, etc., this isn't it. But if you want something quiet and the beach is the most important thing, than you will definitely get that here. I would go back to EDM, but I may try another place next time just to see what I would get somewhere else. The Zoetry is also a small resort, but looks a little more upscale, so I may try that one next time. But EDM was nice.