El Dorado Maroma was a most enjoyable and relaxing holiday. The 3 al ala carte gourmet restaurants were very relaxed - the food was as typical of high end cuisine as found in most major cities- emphasis on presentation, quality and taste. We went out for supper as typical for us- between 6:00 and 7:00 pm- and the reastaurants were not busy at these hours.Service there and throughout the rest of the resort was found to be quick and courteous. Not to say that there wasn't an occasional glitch- (room service missed our breakfast one morning) but this is all part of "the adventure"- nothing is perfect, even in paradise. We found the beach to be very nice and very well upkept. Beach side service was very good. The most excellent night skies were darker and the stars brighter than found back home in the city. Surrounding grounds were very well maintained as well. Parasailing at the neighbouring Maroma marina was our most enjoyable local activity. We did the ATV and Speedboat activities- interesting as well- but be aware that these are Mexico grade vehicles- bad clutches, failing brakes (if any at all) and definitely no power steering. The guides however made the experience interesting and worthwhile- if you enjoy these kind of activities. ( Considerable amounts of dust and salt spray in face respectively- should this matter- bring along a "pot hat" for use under- helmet with the ATV activity.) Went on Jeep/snorkeling/shopping tour in Cozumel- well organized overall- Jeeps - bad clutches- snorkelling recommended- no time left for shopping at end of tour. Special Thanks to staff at Maroma: At Bar 24 - Antonio and Carlos- most excellent bartenders & very enjoyable to visit with- (when their circumstances permitted). Ask Antonio for the specialty AM coffee and Carlos for his chocoholic special. Conciereges- Diana, Carmina and Paolo- there and helpful when needed. Butlers- Pilar and Paulina- very courteous and helpful also. Waiters and chefs- Benjamin and Elizabeth at Pepitos, Jonas- host at Sabores, Eddie (room service), Cindy- hostess everywhere , Eduardo, Javier, Evan, Eddy, Raphael, and many others that we have unfortunately missed. Room service- Patricia, Sharon and George (got sandwiches for on plane use... beats plane food any day). Housekeeper- Thelma- did an amazing job of keeping our suite beautiful. Spa- after sunset sky massage was wonderful (expensive though)- girls were great.