My husband and I have returned home from 7 lovely nights at El Dorado Marmora. Cannot say enough on how nice and accommodating the staff is at this resort. Enrique, (sp?) showed us around the resort and was a delight. Our concierge, Paola, went out of her way to help us obtain distilled water for my husbands c-pap machine. A young wait person, Israel, always greeted us with a big smile and made us smile each time we saw him. The beach and pool wait staff work so hard. Good things to know: A large golf umbrella is in each room  no need to bring one. Only used room service once, but was quickly delivered and you call and they pick up the dirty dishes just as promptly. You do have to call for the pick up; please dont leave dirty dishes outside your door as there are lemurs that patrol the resort after dark. They are not dangerous and the staff refers to them as raccoons. No elevators  we were on the third floor of the 300 building and we are both in our 60s and had no problem walking up and down the stairs. The sand bags to preserve the beach are there and they arent real pretty. The water is shallow, chest depth, but the resort is removing some of the sand in front of the bags to deepen the depth of the sea. If you have an outside shower the wind might howl under the door from time to time. We simply put a floor bathmat in front of the outside door and the howling stopped. Shuttles to Playa del Carmen are run twice a week, free of charge. The shuttle left the resort at 12 noon and picked us up at 5:40 pm for the return trip. We walked a lot, shopped a lot, and had lunch in town. Playa del Carmen is geared for tourists and we had a good time. The duty free shop at the Mexican airport is outstanding. If you have the option of a shared non-stop transfer from the Airport to and from the resort  buy it. The resort was full while we were there. We had no problem getting the chairs on the beach we wanted. We did put towels and a book on the chairs around 7:30 am each morning. But, there were chairs left when we did arrive on the beach each day  no matter what time of the day is was. There was no wait at any of the restaurants. Morning walks along the beach past the Marina are great. The resort is quiet. We met a lot of folks from Canada, Minnesota, and England. We did not have any language problems. The front desk will cash Travelers checks. You will be able to get USD or Pesos. We did tip while we were there. Nothing extravagant, but we did tip. A side note  we check to make sure everything is working when we first get to our room. The hairdryer, fans, air conditioning, and TV worked, but the Jacuzzi tub did not. We called the front desk and two maintenance men were at the room within 15 minutes. A new motor had to be installed and the resort checked with us if we wanted it replaced right then and there, as it would be about an hour job, or they would have made an appointment to come back. The battery in the remote control for the air conditioner needed to be replaced while we were there and again service was provided within 15 minutes. We cant complain about any service we received. Relaxation and soaking up the sun is our kind of vacation and this resort delivered.