So a lot of the reviews for this hotel are either really great or not so great. I thought I could lend some perspective on the El Dorado Maroma. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights (5 days) at the end of January/beginning of Feburary. We arrived at the hotel around noon. We were greeted warmly by the reception staff (cool towels, sparkling wine, etc.). We were told that our room wasn't ready yet (check in time is 3pm). They gave us a quick tour of the property and dropped us off to have lunch. After lunch and a poolside nap (but not before 3pm), our room was finally ready. We were in an infinity pool suite. We were promised "breathtaking ocean views" and we had absolutely no ocean view. If you craned your neck you could kind of see the ocean through some palm trees, but in no way was this an ocean view. The little details of the room are what separate this place from a Four Seasons-- our curtains were a little stained, one of the patio chairs had a broken armrest, and our balcony door wouldn't lock--nothing earth shattering, but things you would notice. The room was quite spacious. The bed was comfortable (a bit soft for my taste). The bathroom was spacious, but the water pressure in the indoor shower was way too weak and the outdoor shower wasn't really usable--the shower head kind of sprayed all funky and it felt really exposed. The jacuzzi wasn't super clean so we didn't use it. The infinity pool on the balcony was kind of a waste of space. We had very little room to sit on the chairs. The beach bed on the balcony was a nice place to relax. The beach is great-- crystal blue waters, plenty of chairs for everyone, fabulous butler service. No complaints there. The pool was also really nice- a bit cold but refreshing in the heat. Onto the food/drinks. The staff was super duper nice. Absolutely no complaints. They had amazing personalities, chatted with you, and were really helpful and attentive. I felt like they were genuinely friendly people-- they were not being nice because they had to be. They were truly a pleasure and really made the experience more enjoyable. The food is fine. The portions are a little bit small, but you can order as much (or as little) food as you'd like. The Italian restaurant is nice, the Asian one is not bad. We didn't really try the Mexican one for dinner since we had Mexican for lunch every day. Anyway-- the food is good--nothing to rave about but good.