After spending nearly 2 weeks reviewing the various Cancun and Playa Del Carmen hotels on TripAdvisor, my boyfriend and I decided on the El Dorado Maroma after balancing (1) the reviews; (2) cost; (3) amenities; and (4) location. PROS: (a) Great beach. The beach is very clean, and the workers rake it and the inlet numerous times each day for seaweed. The beach is very important to me, so this is a huge factor in my rating. (b) Beach amenities. There were always chairs, beach beds, and beach towels available. Again, because of the importance of the beach to me, this is a huge factor in my rating. (c) Waitstaff. Generally, the waitstaff were wonderful and attentive. Only on a few occasions did it take a long time to get a drink, and only on one occasion did the waiter entirely forget. (And yes, we did tip -- more on that below.) (d) Room service. The fact that you can get room service at any time of the day or night is a huge plus and great amenity. CONS: (a) Explorer Club. This is the Karisma group's version of a timeshare. We were convinced by our personal concierge to sit in on this presentation. We were told it was only 30 minutes. When we got to the presentation, we were told it was 1.5 hours. Granted, we are adults and should at that time said "no thank you" and left. However, we felt bad and stayed. Big mistake. First, in my opinion, there is very little benefit to this club and would take you years before you broke even. (I am happy to discuss specifics with anyone but do not want to take up space here, as this topic itself could be a post.) Second, the sales associate who gave us the presentation wouldn't directly answer any question. We had to repeat each question 3 or 4 times before he would give us a somewhat straight-forward answer. (b) Reservation Process. We reserved through the Karisma website rather than through a travel agent or travel website. We found that the best deal was through Karisma. While it was fairly easy to reserve and pay, it was not so easy to receive any type of meaningful confirmation or check-in information. See (c) below for comments concerning check-in, an ordeal that could have been avoided had we received any meaningful information. (c) Check-in. We arrived at the hotel after taking a red-eye around noon and were told that our room would not be ready until 3 pm. We have previously never had a problem checking into a hotel early. Perhaps this is something we should have confirmed beforehand, but did not think it would be a problem at a resort of this "caliber" and particularly when we were going in the slow-season. In fact, many rooms were empty during our stay. We ate lunch, took a nap on the beach, and then went back to reception at 3 pm. At that time, we were told that our room was still not ready and could we please wait another 15-20 minutes? That was quite annoying as we were very jet-lagged and ready to settle in. It would be helpful if check-in time was confirmed at the time of booking, or better yet if the information was available on the website. (d) Check-out. The check-out process was equally as annoying. First, as we were carrying our bags as we were leaving our room, an associate approached us and asked if we needed help. We politely but firmly told her no -- that we would prefer to take our own bags. I had to run back to the room and left my boyfriend alone for 2 minutes when the bell captain came and grabbed the bags. The sales associate had radioed him. Again, perhaps it is our fault for not being more insistent. However, I found it annoying that we would have to say this more than once. Perhaps the associate was trying to be helpful, but we prefer that our requests were honored instead. The check-out process itself took some time. We are used to either e-check-out (where you can do it from your room), or where you receive itemized charges the morning of, review it, and then check-out quickly at the front desk. Here, you do not receive an itemization until you check-out. Moreover, the itemization was in Spanish. I understand that we were in a Spanish-speaking country. However, with so many English-speaking guests, it would have been helpful to not only have the itemization before-hand but also in English. Also, it would have been helpful to have the itemization in dollars. Again, this would normally not be a complaint, but everything we purchased was provided to us in dollars -- the cost of the stay, the excursions, the spa. To suddenly present us the final bill in pesos was a bit disconcerting. (d) Repairs. The only issue we had while at the hotel was that our porch light would not come on. We called and spoke to reception on two separate occasions on two separate days. It was not fixed. It was not until the third complaint that this issue was resolved. (e) Wake-up calls. We asked for wake-up calls on each day we did an excursion. On each of these days the wake-up calls were 10-15 minutes late. We do not consider this to be on-time. (f) Internet. You are changed $70 for a week of internet. Again, for a resort of this caliber we were disappointed that the resort would charge at all for internet. NEUTRALS: (a) Food. I know people rave about the food here, but in my opinion it was only so-so. Certain dishes were fairly good. Others were not good at all, including dishes made of beef, which I thought was of lower quality. Remember though that this is a matter of personal preference. (b) Drinks. Like their food, some of the drinks were really good and others not good at all. I recommend their simple mixed drinks (rum+coke, bloody marys) but not their tropical drinks (pina colada, mojito), which I thought were way too sweet. Again, though this is a matter of personal preference. (c) Lomas Travel. FYI, Lomas Travel is owned by the same family that owns the Karisma hotels. We booked a couple of excursions through Lomas. The first excursion was great. The second excursion was only so-so to downright not good. Be aware though that Lomas does not run their own excursions (at least not those we went on). They act as a travel agent. I later found out that for at least one of our tours, had we booked it on our own, it would have cost less. I supposed you pay for the service and convenience of a travel agent; however, I would recommend to others that (i) you book your own excursions through the internet; or (ii) rent a car from the airport (which is cheaper than the cost of 2 roundtrip airport transfers) and do the excursions yourself. For instance, an excursion to Coba is over $100, even though a ticket is $5. If you want a guide, you can hire one there for around $25. (d) Room. We stayed in the basic room. The room was okay. The bed was generally comfortable. The mini-bar stocked each day. The room cleaned well. You don't spend very much time in the room, so I would not recommend the upgrade to an infinity or swim-up suite. When we arrived, I was a little disappointed that we hadn't gotten the swim-up suite (about $100 more per day). However, I soon realized that the pools and beach are so close that the swim-up suite is not worth it. What would make the room better is a flat screen tv and a chest of drawers. There were not drawers in our room. TIPS: This is supposedly an all-inclusive resort. However, you will soon learn that if you don't tip your food/drinks will come slower. You have to tip. We generally tipped $5 after each meal and $1 per drink. Just remember, if it were truly an all-inclusive resort, the staff would be directed not to accept ANY tips. There are resorts such as this. Overall, we would recommend this to a friend but with the review above. It is a nice resort, and we feel like we generally got our money's worth in comparison to other hotels we've stayed at.