My husband, his two kids (my bonus kids) who are 18 & 23, and I stayed at the Maroma from June 30  July 4. We booked the trip through FunJet and tried the El Dorado Fun for Less deal. We found out we were going to the Maroma about 5 days before our trip. We would have paid a lot more money booking the Maroma specifically, so it was great that it worked out that way. Definitely checkout Funjet.com (and the Fun for Less and Fun for Less El Dorado deals) if youre interested in a good bargain. Like all of the other reviews stated, check-in was a breeze (and champagne makes everything better). We got two rooms (202 and 204), which were very close to the quiet (24) pool. The location was nice considering we didnt pay for the nicer rooms (swim-up room, honeymoon suites, etc.). The bed was amazing. Ive slept like crud the past 4 nights since weve been back, and I want the Maroma bed. The rooms were fine, except one of our rooms (202) had a horrible sewage smell in the bathroom. We should have called about it though, so that was partly our fault. The customer service at this resort is absolutely amazing. We joked about how we never heard the word no. For example, we wanted some cheese and crackers around cocktail hour (which was pretty much every hour, but Im referring to the 4-6 pm timeframe), and they delivered a plate to our patio. Also, we wanted sushi at night, and they brought that to our room as well. The drink service is wonderful too. The premium alcohol is a treat (compared to most resorts), but you have to ask for it. The mixed drinks are good too, and the Coco Loco (served in a coconut with a fruity face) was fun. The pools and the beach are top-notch. My husband and I took a long walk (about 50 minutes) and the beach got even more beautiful as we went further out. It was amazing. Definitely take advantage of the beach. The resort has an area roped off to swim in. It's pretty shallow. We bought $2.50 rafts from Walmart before we left and packed those in our suitcase. Those came in handy to lay on. Both pools are very nice, beautiful, and well maintained. The pools had great drink service. The beach was a bit slower, but you can walk up to the pool bar if you need a drink urgently. My one complaint about the resort was the food. I love food, and Ill eat pretty much anything. Dont get me wrong, we had some amazing meals. But I was disappointed in how rich everything was. My husband and I stayed at the Royale in January, and I did backflips over the food. But I think that has to do with the size of the resorts (the Royale is much larger, so there are more options). I just would have liked to see some lighter things on the menu, like more salad. After 5 days, we were ready to go back home and eat healthy (and we were craving Subway). We ate at the Japanese restaurant the first night, and we loved that. The sushi was good (even the 18 year-old liked it, and normally he is not a sushi fan), my veggie/tofu dish was mighty tasty, we got hot sake, etc. I havent heard rave reviews about the Japanese restaurant on here, but that was my favorite. We did the Italian dinner at Sabores (with the soprano singer) the second night, the Italian restaurant the third night, and the Mexican dinner (with the mariachi band) at Sabores the last night. The menu for the Italian and Mexican dinners at Sabores was different than we were expecting, but maybe thats because were used to Americanized Italian and Mexican food. We liked the Italian food at the regular Italian restaurant a bit better. The service at all of the restaurants was absolutely extraordinary. We tipped a dollar for each round of drinks at the bar and about $2-4 at each meal. I liked the shrimp tacos (taco lunch day), the pizzas, and the spinach soup the best. The fresh fruit in the morning was tasty, and the egg white omelette was good as well. Oh and we ate plenty of chips and guacamole. We took advantage of the endless supply of guac. We also ordered a whole grouper (eyeball and everything), and that was fun to try. The shrimp was amazing. I've never seen one that big (that's what she said) before. We went to Ricks bar every night after dinner. The Michael Jackson show was awesome, and the casino night (blackjack, Texas Hold Em, and roulette) was fun. The bar wasnt very hoppin but it was still a good time. When we were the only ones left on our last night, the bartender played Jenga with us. We didnt do any excursions, but my husband and I have done the lobster cruise which leaves right off that dock, and that was AMAZING. So if you go to the Maroma, I highly recommend that. The resort is a couple miles off the highway, so you have to take a cab (versus a bus) to leave the resort. That is great for safety purposes, but I do like the $1.00 bus ride into down (cant beat that). My husband and I used the gym once. There were two treadmills (one was broken), an ellitical machine with arm things, a stair stepper (which didn't offer me enough resistance), a stationary bike, free weights, a fly pull (chest) machine, and an overhead shoulder press. I recommend ditching the gym cardio and walking or running on the beach. The temperature in the gym was great though, and it wasn't muggy like most Mexico resort gyms.