Just got back from a 4 night stay w/ my husband as a quick getaway vacation.The resort was beautiful. Upon entering the resort we were a little skeptical because the lobby is NOT grand. We have stayed at El Dorado Royal a few years ago and our 1st experience there was fantastic. However, with that said, our check-in was flawless, as was our quick tour around the resort. Our room, 511, overlooked the main pool and ocean and had a infinity pool. Again, beautiful. Walking the resort you sometimes feel like you have the resort to yourself. Very peaceful, not crowded, no rushing for beach or pool chairs. The most beautiful beach around with great butler service. Very intimate resort with everything within walking distant (restaurants, pools, bars, spa). The service was great. Casear and Oscar, bartenders at the swim up bar at the main pool, were the best as well as Alessandro at Rick's bar. We will miss them. They were awesome! We liked that if you wanted to eat in the restaurants you didn't have to make reservations so we never felt rushed to go to dinner. The theme nights in one of the restaurants was interesting. With that said, I only rate this resort 4 stars because while the food for breakfast and lunch were by far some of the best meals we've had, dinner was a huge disappointment. The service was beyond our expectations but the food lacked luster. We ate at both restaurants, Mio and Kiyoko, and were very disappointed. We went to the theme nights- Mayan, Mexican- not good. They made a great effort but nowhere close to the lunch meals. Lunch- BBQ theme, Mexican day, Paella- all extremely good. Lunch at Sabora was so good we wondered why they didn't extend it for dinner. We would have been much happier. Our only other complaint was the concergie at our arrival. She was very pushy with us. When we explained that we were just here to relax and wanted no activities planned she became a little obnoxious and surprised. Having only a few days there we didn't want to waste 1 1/2 hours listening to them try to sell us on their vacation club. Oh, and can't forget the massage on the beach- highly, highly recommend. One of the most relaxing experiences ever! Kudos to the entire staff for their upbeat attitudes. Everyone (except the conceirge) was friendly, hard working, and made our vacation that much better. Can't wait to go back!!!! Miss the beach and staff!