We stayed her from the 12th to the 19th of March. I t was our first time here. We usually stay at the bigger resorts. When we first arrived we were surprised to be taken to a room that was not even close to the room picture we saw on their site. We choose this place because it was our 25th wedding anniversary and we wanted luxury and were willing to pay for it.We asked for a first floor swim up ocean front room. Not exactly what we got when we arrived. We were told ocean front and ocean view are different rooms. A play on words I wasn't very appreciative of....we were shown a 2nd floor room the size of a big bathroom and the balcony facing a roof. Infested with small black bugs..I was well bitten and slept terrible the first night. When we expresssed our dissapointment we were told it was our agents fault and not theirs. Window in bathroom ajarred won't close...balcony wood falling apart...so there we were placed in the lobby waiting for hours for some answers....finallly we were told we could have a 5th floor room,,although beautiful wow 5 stairs to climb no comment.....Marco our concierge told us it was an upgrade and if we listened to his exotic travelers presentation of one and a half hours we could have it for 200$ and he would give us a coupon for 150$ or just the 200$ and no lecture. After moving in I choose the no lecture as I already wasted 2 days back and forth....surprise because I choose the no lecture I was told I would have to pay 250$ a night. I called our air canada rep and he was not impressed and settled all the mess for us...we paid 200$ and that was that. Exotic travelors is a fancy new word for Time shares and fyi it is pushed on you here big time and the lecture from what other guests tell me is 4 hours. NO THANK YOU....on a bright side once all was settled the service is by far the best I have ever experienced the food A1 and the room we had A1 the beach is a sight to be seen....all in all the trip costs 7,000$ with the air fare way to expensive but a great time for sure...nightlife deadsville.spa awesome..activitiesexpensive but was fun..romance absolutely...