Also we can read plenty of reviews here as it was our first trip to Cancun and we trying to find a hotel with true ocean views, that was smaller and we did want all inclusive. We also wanted to be able to play golf nearby. We were nervous when we arrived at abou 3PM their time and our room wasn't available...but now that the week is over we can say the people are wonderful and truly helpful without a handout for a tip (though when given they are very much appreciated) Our room in the new section was 342..that is the very top right by the restaurants, spa, concierge,etc...so come down the steps and you can walk to anything. The food comments are correct so we won't comment on that..read other reviews. The room compares favorably to almost any other hotel...the service too though there were nights for some reason with no turndown. In the new complex the buildings start with the 300 buidling (which we were in) and as you go from 300 to the 800 building to get further away from the ocean view. If you are on the first or second floor probably you will only overlook the pool or trees and pool so you need to be on the third floor...probably 331 or 332 is best rather than to walk up one more floor. Ruth was our favorite concierge though Carmina was a big help. Our first day down John got something in his eye and had to see an opthamalogist in Cancun...a travelers nightmare thought. Ruth found the doctor, arranged for a cab and got a SUNDAY appointment...she saved two days of the vacation. All that aside golf.....we played Iberostar and at Mayakoba. They are both extremely expensive...Mayakoba has two holes on the water, there are NO rangers so if you get a group in front that is truly playing outside of customarily rules (at mayakoba we had a fivesome in front) that we had to skip a hole to play with any rhythm. But the hotel was fine, small, quiet. Be careful of which month you come down...March is known for "windy" and I would say there was a constant 35MPH wind which is unpleasant sitting on the beach and creates a lot of wind noise in the rooms themselves. The gym which I used every day is MINIMAL..one bike, two treadmills, two or three machines but sadly no one there seemed to care about working out so I had the gym to myself every morning at 8 am or earlier. There is YOGA instruction based for the newer attemptees (me) which we used happily three times. Hope they keep this.