I read the last two horrible reviews and thought either they stayed in a different resort or maybe standards are different! So I thought I'd share our recent times at El Dorado Maroma. My husband and I traveled there for a 5 day escape after the holidays and had a great time! We were looking for peace, quiet and relaxing--and that is exactly what we got! Sure there were some issues, but nothing that ruined our time, and if your standards are the Ritz and the Four Seasons, both of which my husband and I frequent, then you may be slightly disappointed, but if you want the Ritz or Four Seasons, go pay those prices and ditch the all inclusive aspect!!! When we first checked in at 2:45 our room wasn't ready....which when check in is at 3:00 is a bit surprising, but they showed us to lunch and we had a late lunch and they came and got us when our room was ready. Seriously just keep remembering...I'm on vacation...relax. They upgraded us to a infinity pool room, which was very nice, but I just had ankle reconstruction so climbing 5 flights of stairs wasn't top on my list of things to do, and there was no actual infinity pool, it was boarded over, but the views were fantastic!!!! When asked if we could move to another room they informed us they were booked solid.....soooo my ankle was going to have to suffer! It could recoup on the beach ;-). Oh well it was vacation. The rooms were beautiful, the views stunning, the only little issue was the plumbing smelled a bit of sewage, but light the aromatherapy they give you and you are none the wiser. The bed was like a little slice of heaven--don't forget that you can order whatever kind of pillows you like! The beds on the balcony are awesome and great for a nap and the jacuzzi tubs are heaven sent. One morning our phone didn't work, so we just ran down stairs to let them know and it was fixed by the afternoon. The beach is fantastic and sooo private and the water is so gentle. I also loved the marina next door....it's really nice to see the boats leave and it sort of lends a bit of ambiance to your trip!! Plus you have options of things to do if you want to rent jet skis, go diving etc. Let me state that the entire resort is soooo peaceful and quiet. It was sold out when we were there, but you could hear a pin drop. We would lounge on our beach beds, read, take walks on the gorgeous deserted beach and feel like we were the only people in the world. The beach/pool waitresses were perfectly timed in asking if they could get you anything and loved the little touches like bringing around appetizers to your beds/loungers. The pool was a bit chilly....that's a fair statement!! The food....we were not disappointed by the food at all and we're sort of snobs (totally honestly). It's not 4/5 star restaurant food, but ladies and gentleman we are at an all inclusive resort!!! It was solid good food and not once were we disappointed! Much better than any other all inclusive! They are smaller portions yes, but my husband and I found that to be fun so we could order more variety at different courses without feeling like we were going to split our pants open! And if you loved something just order more of it! We found the waiters at the restaurants impeccible serving at dinner (Breakfast and lunch was a bit of a different story) they seemed a little slower then. As for small shrimp etc., you really just need to know what to order...we ordered jumbo shrimp at the japanese restaurant and the shrimp were HUGE! True they aren't on the menu, but we just asked. Just ask...whats the worst they can say---we don't have that??? Alcohol, we were actually pleasently surprised at the level of alcohol they had!! Sky vodka, top shelf tequila, Black label Johnny Walker etc. etc. Again just ask for it and hey guess what you get it! A couple of things we were really disappointed in were the spa services....holy cow were they expensive, so we skipped our $250 massage! I think they'd get more takers if they lowered their prices a bit. Also, the maid service was a little inconsistent. We ran out of shampoos etc they weren't replenished so we had to call down to get them replenished....turn down service was spotty etc. etc. We also had an odd experience when someone walked into our room at 10:00 p.m. we don't know who it was to this day, but when they heard us they left. Also the high pressure hit to even go to their "el dorado" speech left me with a bad taste in my mouth. We were really uncomfortable with our "private concierge" when she wouldn't stop the hard core press. Almost felt like you didn't want to go ask for anything for fear of more pressure! Is this a Ritz, Four Seasons, Peter Island etc. No of course it isn't...it's a luxury ALL INCLUSIVE in Mexico and it's gorgeous. You can't spend $2900 for flights, all inclusive etc and expect the Ritz/ peter island etc, but all in all it was a fanstastic luxury experience for the price we paid. We were sooo pleasently surprised and relaxed and in heaven. We didn't want to leave, and by the time we did I had to rack my brain for what made me a little "irritated". Another bit of advice, seriously if you want lively go go go type of trip....go elsewhere this is all about being with your spouse or friends and relaxing. We are people that like going out etc and we were in bed every night by 11 and up by 7. Just by the nature of the resort it oozes romance and relaxation....not party party party! We tipped and it was really appreciated!