There were 2 reasons I could not give this resort 5/5 stars: 1) The beach I expected was one of "the top ten in the world" - while the beach sand was powdery soft, the water color was not the usual shades of royal and turquoise I have found in this area. 2) ALL 5 days of my visit, workers were hammering tile directly next to my room and in some of the suites above me in the newer section of the hotel. This did not go on all day, but at least a good 3 - 4 hours each day. It is annoying when you are trying to nap or relax and there is a constant pounding on tile. I know repairs must be made, but really, this section of the resort is only 6 months old! This resort is what everyone says - calm, quiet, and relaxing. I have been to 6 other AI's in the Playa/Cancun area and the rooms at EDM are the most spacious and beautiful I have been in. Our room was a swim up suite rm 602. We had a nice view of the pool and ocean. The patio area w/ bed, 2 chairs and a table was huge! The food was very good for an AI in Mexico. Room service was exceptionally fast and delicious. The waiters and waitresses were very nice and attentive. This is my first time to stay in a boutique resort, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. While "quiet, and relaxing" sounded great to me, I ended up feeling bored. Probably, much of this had to do with the weather (it rained/overcast EVERYDAY - not the resort's fault). There really isn't much at all to do here - especially at night. One night at Rick's there was a 4 member band and 4 people in the entire place! I had to stay on the activities director to do anything other than volleyball - finally, after me bugging him repeatedly, they set up a cocktail class and a cooking class poolside. These were VERY FUN!!! My husband and I had a "sunrise couples massage" on the sky deck above the water. It was WONDERFUL!!! for 160.00 we each had a 50 minute massage followed w/ a glass of mimosa. In hindsight, we wished we would have booked their special - 80 minutes for 105.00 each. You can also have that special in the sky deck. By far, the most fun we had was sailing/snorkeling with Captain Memo. When you leave the resort, take a left and walk for 25-30 minutes. You will see some netting decorated w/ driftwood and old buoys and a small sign. He takes small groups (2 - 4 - 6 at most) out at 10 and 2 for 2 hrs of sailing and 1 hr snorkeling. Memo was friendly, amazing, and the BEST value for 35.00 per person. We had never sailed before and were surprised by how relaxing and calm it was. I HIGHLY recommend finding Captain Memo. Thank you to the previous trip advisor reviewers that mentioned him. We met some really fun people from Colorado (Hi Bicky, Edwin, Mike and Wanda Woman), and had a lot of fun with them. I won't return to EDM just as a matter of personal preferance - I enjoy a larger resort with more to do - - If you booked this resort for a quiet, relaxing trip, hopefully by then repairs will be complete and you will have a blast. I would absolutely recommend this resort to others, it just wasn't for me.