We just returned from EDM and had the best of times and the not so best of times. Clearly they are still working the kinks out of this particular resort. The service and the people are very good. They were helpful and tried to satisfy your requests. We stayed in the new section and had a third floor suite with infinity pool etc. and we enjoyed a great view of the water. They need to work on their room decor as it was a little stark but it was very comfortable. We got to know the room very well as it rained four of the eight days we were there but that's not their fault. The food we found was very good particularly for an all-inclusive. It was well presented and was not the the excessive portions that you find so often in restaurants these days. If you are looking for the never ending buffet then go to one of the resorts down the coast that has 600 rooms and hundreds of people. We liked all three menus but they did not change it during the time we were there. If it is not on the menu ask for it they will try and prepare it for you. They did a fish market on the beach for lunch one day that was very good with grilled fish which was caught that morning but was not repeated. It was a great alternative to the restaurant. This is something that added to the experience so you didn't have to " get dressed " for lunch. Half way through our stay they closed one restaurant and bar and you had to go to the other building for all the evening meals. This created a problem as there was no bar open after 5:00 and Rick's didn't open until 6:00. This is a great place to have a drink on the beach or around the pool before going to dinner yet there was none available. Something they will need to work on if this is going to be a first class resort is continious bar service on the beach / at the pool. The marina next to the resort is good news/ bad news. Lomas runs the marina so your excursions are just next door. Very short walk to many of the activities that have to do with water. We took a snorkle tour with about 30 people which worked out okay. the down side to this is the noise,fumes etc. that periodicaly come at you while you are on the beach. While the beach itself is small it is very pleasent and the water is great. The beach service was good for drinks and if you wanted lunch they would bring you lunch on the beach. We took walks on the beach every day and indeed the beach to the north of the resort is much better particularly as you get closer to Punta Maroma. Now that's a beach!!! We used the Spa twice for massage and facials. One experience was excellent compared to others we have had. The second one was very poor. We attribute this to the personel who actually performed the service. Inexperienced vs experienced. Oh yes, be prepared for the "pitch" about a vacation club. You can skip it if you feel your time could be better spent. We ejoyed the service , the food, the small number of people, the room, and parts of the beach. They need to dial up the amenities, the spa, the choices of activity, and the beach.