My husband and I vacationed here May 16 thru 23, 2008. Pros: Room was wonderful, good ocean view, patio with bed, chairs and table, spotless, comfortable bed, nice TV and stocked mini fridge. Stayed in 621 and can not see what all the hoopla is about for the swim-up and plunge pool rooms! Our view was great. Food was really good, enjoyed every meal especially the Asparagus Soup at Mio, portions were sufficient, we even skipped meals because we were not hungry. Fruit smoothies were "fabulous!" Please have a "few" for me. The staff was wonderful, service for us was exceptional, if we wanted anything all we had to do was ask. For example, popcorn, already popped and ready to eat showed up at our door Sunday afternoon while we were chillin' and watching a movie. That was the highlight of my stay! Cons: Outdoor shower did not have a uniform spray, it went everywhere except on me. There is no where to hang wet clothes. You are asked not to hang them on your patio, so a good alternative would be to put some hooks in the outdoor shower so bathing suites, etc could dry. The floor in our indoor shower was not sloped enough so the water did not drain completely. I almost slipped down twice because of the water left in the shower. We went for a walk on the beach the first day we were there so our flipflops were wet after rinsing our feet. We left them outside our door so they could dry while we were at dinner, but when we returned, no shoes. Can't imagine where they went without us. I found items at the Marina and EDM too expensive to purchase. Check out the cost of flipflops! My biggest disappointment was the beach. The sand is wonderful, but the beach is not. We had to go down the beach, (way down the beach) to find suitable water that I would even consider putting my feet in. Water at the Marina has a film over it from all the gas in the boats and wave runners. Not going to get in that either!!!!!!!! We would have loved to go with Capt. Memo, but we ran out of time. If we go back, we will probably hook up with him if he is still there. We enjoyed the resort, the people and the food, but like all facets of life nothing is 100%.