We just returned from EDM last night from an amazing 7 night stay. The resort is beautiful and made for a wonderful vacation. There have been so many good reviews already I'm not sure I have much to add that hasn't already been said, but I'll recap the highlights of our trip and viewpoint on the resort. Rooms - I'm not sure you could pick a wrong room at the resort although depending on your preference some are better than others. We (along with the other couple that traveled with us) stayed in a swim up suite in the new section which we loved. The room was large and very nice. We weren't sure how much we would use the "swim up" part, but we actually used it allot. We hung out in the "river" outside our rooms most afternoons and then swam to the pool and bar when we wanted. It was pretty cool. The room was very clean and the housekeeping service was great. We were never lacking for towels, etc. There is an indoor and outdoor shower along with a large jacuzzi tub. All three were great. There is a small refrigerator that is restocked daily with sodas, juice, and beer. The only thing I would have been disappointed in was if we would have gotten one of the rooms that didn't have a view of the ocean. Some of the swim up suites look at the back of the Mexican food restaurant. Try to request rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301, 302, 401, 402, 501, 502, 601, 602 if you can. These all have nice views. The view is blocked starting w/ room 701. We asked the hotel to tour a room in the older section just in case we came back as we might want to stay there for the price. The rooms were also very nice - just allot smaller than the swim up suite rooms in the new section. The older section did have more of a tropical feel to it. We also met a couple while we were there who showed us their room in the older section and it was much larger and nicer than the other room we saw. IT was a corner room so I guess that's why. It had an amazing view of the ocean (much better than our room did). It was room#216 and I highly recommend requesting it if you can. Also, I know there were several posts about people not getting the swim up suite they had reserved when they checked in. I was worried about this especially after several flight delays and getting to the hotel much later than planned, but we (nor the other couple we were traveling with) had any problems getting the room we reserved when we checked in late that night. Hopefully they have resolved any overbooking issues they had. Food - We thought the food was very, very good. Maybe not the best you will ever eat, but it is very good especially for an all inclusive resort. I know there were some posts about being hungry the whole time and not ever having enough food, but we found just the opposite. We were stuffed the whole time. Depending on what you order, you may need to order a few dishes, but they are more than happy to bring you as much food as you would like. There is also 24 hour room service so there is really no reason to be hungry unless you want to. The Japanese was our favorite, but all three were good. Beach/Pool - The beach was beautiful and so were the pools. You can walk what seems like forever on the very pretty sandy beach. The pools are also both nice and kept very clean. We actually preferred the smaller pool in the older section as it had more shade for those who wanted it and just had a more tropical feel. There are plenty of chairs and beds on the beach and both pools. We never had an issue of finding a place to hang out at and never had to reserve anything although we saw some people that did that, but it wasn't necessary. Captain Memo - So this was our favorite part of our whole trip. This is a must do if you have any interest at all in sailing or snorkeling. We read about him from other posts on trip advisor and were so glad that we had. You walk about a mile down the beach (to the left if you're facing the ocean). You'll pass a large palace/house that's being built and shortly past that you'll see a sign that says Captain Memo & 10am & 2pm. We went the day before and told him that we wanted to go out the next day. He takes you out (about 2-6 people) sailing for about an hour and then you snorkel an hour and sail back for about another hour. The sailing was awesome as was the snorkeling. It's $35/person and is much cheaper than the large snorkeling trips at the marina. It was truly a great experience. Spa - We had two massages while we were there and they were both great. Both times we had them on the massage/sky hut which was really nice. I saw other posts on the noise, but we didn't find it to be noisy at all and we just made sure we didn't schedule them when the yoga class was going on. Service - Okay, so I saved this for last because it is the only slightly negative comment we have. Before I comment I would like to say that it was only slightly poor service at times and it didn't take away from the great trip or our desire to return to the resort. Okay - so we were warned that the service was a little slow at times which we didn't mind at all. The thing we did have an issue with was when we booked our special dinner on the beach. When we showed up they said they thought it had been for the night before and they were booked that night and couldn't help us. We knew we had booked it for the correct night, but they didn't seem to care and didn't seem very interested in getting it reschedule. After talking to a few people we did get it rescheduled finally and it was very nice. We just didn't appreciate the attitude we received during this issue. Room service can be spotty. Most of the time it was very quick and accurate. There was a morning though that we waited over an hour for breakfast and when we finally called they apparently had lost/forgotten our order. The service at the restaurants is good but there are times you can ask for a coke or something 3-4 times and still never get it. Everyone seems very friendly and they seem to be trying very hard - they just seem to have a few kinks to work out. These were very few times though during our stay - the rest of the service was wonderful. Please let me know if you have any questions. You will love your stay if you decide to go to EDM!! PS - The pictures are all from 5/24-5/31 - we just had the date on our camera wrong for part of the trip until we realized it. :)