We stayed at El Dorado Maroma from May 18-23 after staying at El Dorado Seaside from May 12-18 with our beach wedding on May 14th. For a comparative review of EDSS please see my review of that resort. After a fantastic stay at EDSS we had high expectations for El Dorado Maroma. Our travel agent had previously visited EDM several months prior and absolutely raved about the property and especially the beach, a "top ten beach of the world". Also every staff member at EDSS that we spoke to about EDM raved about it. So with great expectations we took off in a private limo transfer from EDSS to EDM for our honeymoon. The limo driver accidentally took us to El Dorado Royale thanks to a glitch courtesy of Lomas Travel (my sentiments leave much to be desired regarding Lomas). Oh well, two bottles of champagne and 20 more minutes and we arrived at EDM! As you approach the "driveway" to EDM it looks like a run down area with a gatekeeper holding a chain-linked rope to let you in. As you may have read elsewhere, the driveway to the resort is long (at least a mile), narrow (not big enough for 2 cars, although it happens), and curvy!! It is like a roller coaster, so make sure to dose up on dramamine when your plane lands if you get motion/car sick. As you pull up to the left is Marina Maroma and on the right is EDM. The lobby is a small room, nearly identical to EDSS only smaller scale, very nicely decorated. You get the welcome champagne, the usual free stuff. Check in was quick and painless for us, as our room was ready. The bell man gave us a quick walking tour of the place as it is very small (72 rooms!!) and showed us to our room. Service and staff are superb at EDM as well as EDSS. Our room was 612, an infinity pool suite overlooking the main pool. It was in the newer part of the resort, as the older part used to be known as "Mi Hotelito". You will still see this name on many of the hotel items such as robes and signs. It hasnt streamlined entirely it seems. The room was absolutely amazing, we preferred it over our swimup junior jacuzzi suite at EDSS. Very modern, huge, impeccably clean, and the infinity pool and deck were great. Outdoor shower was interesting but be careful, if you are in it for more than 5 minutes it fills up and when you open the door to go back into the bathroom water floods in!!!! Still fun. The beach...our biggest let down. Everyone raves about the "top ten in the world" maroma beach... well not so much in our opinion. We thought it would be a positive thing to be so close to a marina with all the activities....our opinion is changed now. The sand itself was amazing, powdered sugar in texture and nearly pure white....great! Do they have it flown in... who knows?! The water in front of the resort and marina is another story. While you may see crystal clear water in front of the resort in some pictures, dont be deceived because it actually looked black while we were there. Apparantly weather and tide carried in a large amount of seaweed, which unless you are a brave soul as many critters hide in seaweed, made it virtually un-swimmable. Water near and surrounding the marina had a brown-ish color to it from boat pollution, which we found disgusting. Even more disgusting were those swimming in that very same water! One day and on the beach by the marina were a dying seagull (there for hours until it died) and a sailfish carcass (there for our entire stay) ...an omen maybe? You must walk past the marina quite a ways to find the crystal clear water. There it is enjoyable. As previously mentioned, there is a fair amount of pollution and trash on the beach, mainly it seems from marina traffic and people. Marina Maroma seemed like a shack, and the "expeditions" seemed hokey. We would sit on the "clean" part of the beach and watch speed boat and wave runner tours go out into the ocean, usually about 10 vessels following a guide person on a boat/ski doo, and return in 10 minutes after making a large circle. Not impressive. Chose your "expeditions" wisely. Beach beds were usually available, no real issues attaining those throughout the day which was nice. There is no substantial, established vegetation on the new section of the resort such as palm trees etc... so it did not have quite the lush, tropical feel that we were so used to and in love with at EDSS. The food at EDM was good, but not as good or nearly the variety as EDSS. There are only Three restaraunts with unchanging menus, which gets redundant. Kiyoko (asian), Mio (italian), and Sabores (Mexican). The first two are only open after 5:30 pm for dinner, and Sabores is where you eat breakfast and lunch EVERY DAY. We found the best food to be the Fajitas plate 'to share" for lunch. Overall though not entirely impressed with any meal, EDSS had much better food. Note dress code for dinner is no shorts, t-shirts, flip-flops, beachwear, etc. I did see several people wearing dress shorts, but i didnt attempt it. Room service menu was limited, but they tried to accomodate you if possible for items not on the menu. It is also 24 hours which is very nice. Typically a 30-40 minute wait. Get the french toast or omellete for breakfast, club sandwhich for lunch, and waffle fries are great any time! Keep an eye out for Miguel, a very good staff member who works hard and always seems to be popping up! Staff do not expect tips here, but seriously for what they probably get paid and the level of service they provide, in most instances during our stay we tipped for provided services. Bar service was mediocre at EDM. After being at EDSS for a week we had high expectations. Christian at the pool bar was good, but that is it. They didnt seem to know how to make many drinks. In one instance we had to tell them bottle by bottle what liqours to add, how much, etc. for a fairly common drink! The next time the bartender handed us the bottles and let us make our own drink......maybe he was a substitute bartender for the day??? We didnt make it to Rick's bar during our stay, heard it was fun. We did our romantic honeymoon dinner on the beach at EDM, and wished we had done it at EDSS like many who came for our wedding. The put us on a raised platform with curtained sides and thatch roof, with a tree directly in front of us and a large sign pointing to the sky massage. Romantic? You do not get to pick your dinner, and it is so dark (one tiny candle providing light) you can't see what you're eating. My wife nearly puked once from one of the courses and she mainly stuck with the bread and butter after that. We did enjoy the cheap wine and champagne (the same ol' free stuff they always give you), which after enough made the food go down a little easier. Why would anyone pay $250 to 1) not be able to pick your food for dinner; 2) not be able to see what you're eating; 3) get parked behind a "sky massage" sign; and 4) ultimately eat bread and butter the whole meal? Thankfully ours was free. At EDSS dessert for the dinner of the beach was flaming baked Alaska. At EDM it was the same 4 dessert options you could get any other night at the 3 restaraunts. Unless you like large boats parked in a marina in the background of your pictures, do not plan a beach wedding here as the beach wedding structure is right next to the marina. So glad we did ours at EDSS! Cab rides to Playa del Carmen are $25 each way. As far as demographics for what it matters there are mostly honeymooners and people celebrating anniversaries there. Mostly americans. I liked the mix of people from UK and elsewhere at EDSS, as you could share good stories and culture. It is funny to watch people. Guests at EDM seemed to get very "clicky". You will watch people start going to dinner together, always hanging out. We got tired of that dog and pony show business. I was there to spend time with my wife. Overall i hope this did not seem overwhelmingly negative, as we did have a good time. The staff was great. The rooms were spectacular! It is a great place to relax if you like doing nothing but spend time with the one you love. Overall however we felt let down with our experiences there and were ready to leave for home after our stay.