We were steered to this resort based on the fact that my wife is 7 months pregnant and we really just wanted a place to relax and enjoy the beach, pool and scenery. We got it at this resort. The food was overall very good. Everything was done in gourmet fashion, which was great, but there were many times that we just wanted to hit up a buffet, gorge ourselves, and then walk like walruses back down to the beach.....Can't do that at El Dorado Maroma. Almost every meal is a "sit down and be waited on" experience, unless you opt for room service, which is what we frequently did for breakfast. Keep this in mind, too.....order two entrees a piece or just order a LOT off the menu, because the portions typically come in pediatric sizes and once they're wolfed down, you sit and wait another 20 mins or so until the next dish is served. Not a bad way to eat, mind you, as you digest your food while waiting and not nearly as hungry, nor stuffed like a hog, as you would with large portions or buffet style. But enough about food..... We stayed in an infinity pool jacuzzi suite, which was really large and beautiful. View of the ocean was fantastic. The infinity pool was a nice touch, but rarely used, as it sat in the shade most of the day and was too cold to swim in. We switched back and forth between the two pools and met some of the friendliest people.....so a big shout out to: Myra & Bill, George & Jackie, Mike & Danielle, Kristen & Brady and the other Canadians!!! You guys all made the stay so much more enjoyable! Other than the ubiquitous beach volleyball, don't expect a full day's list of "all included" activities......if you've been to a Couples or Sandals resort, you know what I'm talking about.....Maroma doesn't have much. Snorkeling, scuba diving, Sea-Doos, catamaran rides, etc. are all done next door at the marina......all for a fee. ATV's and horse back riding are extra as well and are next to the resort. Beware of the Concierge staff wanting to "meet with you and your spouse to see how everything's going"......that's El Dorado's way of saying "I've got some timeshare that you might be interested in." If you sit through the whole thing, I believe you get a $200 voucher to be used at the Spa.....but I wiggled my wife and I out of it by playing the pregnancy card, so they didn't bother giving us the schpiel. Another thing we ran into is the loose tipping rules. Now, we don't mind tipping, and we do so quite a bit.....but if you've been to the Couples resorts, it is almost strictly forbidden, as staff members can get in trouble accepting it. El Dorado Maroma allows tipping.....and even though there is no pressure, certain attitudes and services can change dramatically from tipping vs. no tipping.......I'll leave it at that and let you be the judge. Finally, a nice and relaxing sailboat ride is available way down the beach, maybe about a mile......by Captain Memo. He's a wealth of knowledge about the local area, super friendly, and stops near a reef to take you snorkeling about 1/2 hour. Overall, this trip lasts about 3 hours for $35 a person. Bring your sunscreen and some bottled water and enjoy a nice ride. His sailboat goes out every day at 10am and 2pm, so best to catch him early morning or after 5pm to hold your spot the following day. He only takes about 6-8 people out at a time. Enjoy your trip and feel free to e-mail me with any questions!