We just returned from a week at the El Dorado Maroma. We very much enjoyed the location. As has been said before, the beach is lovely soft white sand, and you can walk comfortably for miles. The water temperature was very pleasant, and you can swim out to sandbars. In front of the hotel there are beds of sea grass, which can be avoided.There is little to see snorkeling in front of the hotel, and because of the nearby reef, no shelling. The grounds have lovely landscaping. Our room in the newer part of the hotel was clean, well maintained, and as described previously. The outdoor shower sprayed everywhere but on you. Towels were abundant and thick. I did not care for the other bath products, but that may just be me. The TV in the room was clear and bright. We brought DVDs from home to enjoy after dinner. In general, service was excellent. The staff tried to always to be pleasant and respectful. There is a push by the concierge staff to have guests hear the 90 minute lecture about their vacation club. My husband and I were not interested, and that seemed to disappoint them. The one aspect of the El Dorado Maroma we definitely did not like was the food. Breakfasts could become repetitive. The local offerings were fine, but things like american fare, pancakes, etc. just were heavy, and not fresh tasting. Lunches were OK if you stick to the "Mexican" dishes.They are cooked so as not to offend, with barely any spice. If you don't like spice, you will be happy as a clam. We tried to get a bottle of hot sauce, but the best we could do, was a dish of finely chopped onions with a tiny bit of jalapeno. If you want a resort where they will be very careful about not offending guests with a gentle palate, then this is your spot. To us, dinners were the low point. Some things were just plain silly. They loved th add "foam" to dishes. Foam is simply beaten egg white. The cooks also were big into stuffing the main courses. In the case of fish, this was distracting and unecessary. Another rather annoying cooking technique was adding sweet sauces on top of the platter. It got to the point, where, every afternoon, we would talk with one of the concierges, and plan our dinner for the night, for example, plain sauteed white fish. One other aspect of meals to be aware of, is the english translation of the menu, does not necessarily correspond in any way to what you are served. In a lot of ways, I think you get what you pay for. We paid full tariff, but many guests who were there took advantage of a 50% off through the vacation club. We have been to some of the more expensive resorts on the Riviera Maya, and some things have been better, like food, and some worse, like the rooms. I think an advantage of the pricier places is that you get a more low key refined atmosphere. That being said, the staff at all the hotels where we have stayed, have l been lovely and that goes equally for the El Dorado Maroma.