I was alittle weary about going to the El Dorado Resort and Spa after reading several reviews. It seemed like guests either loved it or hated it. I am happily one of the guests who really enjoyed my stay there. I hope what I write helps anyone seeking advice on this resort. My trip was from Feb 18th-25th, 2008 Cab ride to El Dorado was about 25 minutes from the Cancun Airport. Just before you exit the airport there is an area to the left with small tables and several agents wanting to help you. Order a cab there and you can book your return as well. Price was discounted on the return. Its worth it. When we first arrived to the El Dorado Resort we were greeted with a glass of champagne and welcomed by a concerige. First thing I asked about was the restaurant reservations since I read on several sites that it was a huge problem that guests could not make reservations or if they did it was late like 8:00 or 9:00pm. I guess the hotel listened to guess compliants and restaurants had been converted to "First Come First Served" basis. The Castias were able to make reservations since their rooms cost more which made sense. We had a Jr. suite, Ocean front room....good enough for us. We were escorted to a golf cart/shuttle to take us and our bags to our room. Golf carts/Shuttles ....they share the walkways with the guests.. the carts have no headlights and are very quite. It was great to get a ride but sometimes we never came across one that was going our way. Even though there are shuttle stops with covered benches stating "pick ups every 15-20 minutes". It was faster to walk then wait. They drive fast at times and we were surprised that no one had been "taken out". Suites: The picture of the suite is exactly as it looks on the website. Nice....big bed, two person Jacuzzi, balcony.. two chairs....hammock. Nice sized bathroom...big shower for two people with a bench inside. Plenty of counter space.. one thing is the counter is higher then a normal sink level. Plenty of towels..four bath towels, two large beach towels. Plenty of hotel shampoo, soap, shaving kits, sewing kit, hair dryer. We asked for a ocean front room and we had a very nice view of the pool and the beach and the ocean. The air conditioner is next to the bed but up high so if you turn it on it blasts right at the bed.. just turn down the flaps and close one side of the curtains on the bed and you'll be good to go. Small refrigerator in the room was not cold.. I think it just kept the sodas, beer and water "not warm" There also was a bottle of champagne on ice with two glasses waiting for us....that was nice! We could not find an ice machine anywhere but you can just go to one of the bars off of the pools for ice. They are happy to give it to you. Restaurants: We learned that the portions are small.. some being a bite or two at some places. Some places had alittle bigger portions. Order something from each section of the menu. Each dish will come out of the kitchen very nicely designed on the plate. Sauces swirled on plates...nice presentations. I would not advice going to the restaurant hungry....most places will have a wait and it can be a short time or an hour... they give you a pager once you put your name on the list...and they always will ask for your room number. Most restaurants had a bar near by to hang out at while you wait except Fondue.. you have to walk to the Oriental restaurant (Kampai) and go past it to the bar next to the beach.. Gaviotas Seashore Bar...it's a walk..trust me.....the bar there will fill up quick around 7:00pm...luckily two bartenders show up around then. There are plenty of stools and tables to hang out at. Dining Experiences: Las Fuentes-didn't wait long, good food, we had slow service. For breakfast no wait but cold bacon and sausages.. no warming areas. D'Italia-good food and service but we could not sit four at a table..something to do with not enough chairs but there were two tops tables available around us. 2+2=4 right? Fondue-big disappointment, long wait, no air conditioning, menu was not matching what we were served. Fondues tasted the same. Chocolate fondue was the best. Kampai-by far the best restaurant there....lunch and dinner. They have breakfast there too but we never got there in time. Order the duck, the spring rolls, the sushi, and order all of the deserts. We ate dinner here three times. Our waiter was Eurmundo...5 star service El Cocotal-great breakfast buffet (warming areas for bacon & sausage) and dinner....we did not have to wait here for either Room service-ext 1000 was quick and hot. Plenty of food, nicely arranged. Order the breakfast and sleep in. They serve until 11:30 am while alot of the restaurants stop at 10:30am. Room service is 24 hours Pizza & Burger- good food & beerif you want a cocktail you need to bring it yourself from one of the bars. This place had a dress code of shirts and shoes for lunchkinda disappointed with that since mainly we were in swimsuits and no shoes.. we planned ahead for lunch here cause the burgers & pizza hit the spot. Housekeeping: We slept in every day and between the time we would leave our room....eat...lounge in the sun.. we always came back to our room cleaned. We never hat to wait. They were really on it.We tipped a dollar or two a day for our maid.. she will be the same one you have all week. Very friendly and nice everyday decorated our bed with a different towel arrangement with flowers. Oh and fresh small flowers on the desk. Small refrigerator is stocked by another person who comes by after housekeeping. We had plenty of bottled waters, sodas and beer. TimeShare: No one approached us for a presentation. We were never bothered on this. I think once we received something slid under our door if we were interested but no calls not sales people hounding us anywhere. When you check in you are given a folder with the hotel info and info on their sister resorts. There was an option to been shown a Castias room if you wanted. Pools: Lots of pools to choose from. One thing I noticed was if you wanted to make sure you had a lounge chair to sit on that day guests would put their towel on it to "reserve it". Funny thing is alot of the good lounge beds or chairs had towels on them by 7:30 am or earlier. One time I saw towels out at 2:00am for the next day. The main pool was like that. And some guests would put their towels out there and never show up. Since we all have the same green stripped towel who is to really know if you remember which chair your reserved unless you put some personal items down too. Drinks: Order off of the menu. We tried to get a Lemondrop which made it difficult. They have plenty of drinks to order from. Most times you'll need to ask for "alittle extra booze" but everyone was doing that. House wine from Chilli was good. By the glass is included..if you wanted a special bottle to yourself you will be paying big bucks for it. Mango Daiquiris .. not on the menu.order it .its great! Tipping: Tipping in Mexico was customary but not advertised at the resort. Which was nice. There were no "tip jars". Tips was taken with a smile and appreciated. We found out that the staff had a hard time converting paper money if it was ripped or damaged so we always tried to give them the nicer bills or switched out with them. Other guests: There was a very good mix of age groups when we were there. 20's, 30's, 40's, 50's etc. There were five weddings that week so it brought it fun loving people to mix with vacationing people. Gym: Never went but it looked like it had plenty of equipment for guests. Bars: Bar Las Guacamayas- this bar stays open late and most people end up here. They have these big swings for two people that line the outter edge of the circular bar. Every night that had entertainment and it lead into a live band then dj music for dancing. We spend most nights here. Healthy Bar- fruit smoothies.really good Martini Bar or Lobby Bar..nice atmospheregood drinks.. *There were lots of them....we didn't hit them all but it was nice that there were so many. Beach: Nice white sand beaches... enough shells closer to the water that you knda wished you brought you flip flops but you just pay attention. The water was clear....blue and had some fish swiming around. People were snorkeling. The water was warmer then at the pool. We had a great time. I would definably go back and if I could stay longer than a week. Angie