Clean - modern - quiet with everything you need in a hotel. Unfortunately the rooms are very small - its almost got a cruise ship like layout (imagine a suite on a cruise ship). Very high ceilings so that helps. The furnishings and toilet are very upscale modern clean lines so its really cool looking hotel but again the rooms are small. Breakfast was good and covered all the basics to ensure there is something for everyone. Great bread - cold meats - eggs - croissants and cake - cereals - jams - juices and coffee. Its basic though not high end hotel selection. The breakfast area is on the 3rd floor and its a really nice set up. The area has glass enclosure all around that gives its a nice atmosphere in the morning. You have access to large patio to either eat outside or enjoy your coffee. Its located on 3rd floor so its bright and full of fresh air with access to the outdoor patio. The location of the hotel for being outside of the center of Rome is the biggest plus for this hotel when you factor two things - cost and being in a local neighbourhood that provides a glimpse into the everyday life of Romans. Being outside of the center you really feel like you are the only tourist walking around (which is really cool) You can take advantage of the pricing for restaurants - shopping and general items you would purchase - access to Pharmcy - foodmarket etc. Obviously being in the center of Rome would be more convenient from access to sites and Piazza but you pay dearly for it. This hotel is a 5 min walk to Di Roma Metro station. The cost for a three day pass is approx 15EUR. This metro stop is 3 stops to the main Terminal which is a main point to get to the subway line to the Coliseum or continue on this line 3-5 stops for other major attractions like the Spanish Steps and Fountain Trevi. It addition to the Metro pass you have access to all the buses which is a big plus getting around the centre of Rome. The center of Rome is huge and even though its great to walk its benefical and cost effective to have access to the enourmous amount of buses to just hop on on hop off to get off your feet and get accross town quickly to the other major sites. The walk to the Metro and to the Piazza of Di Roma (think of it as the downtown section to the neighbourhood you are staying in - lots of shopping and restaurants - just a great atmosphere when you are not sightseeing. Again nice neighbourhood and you feel safe walking at all hours but as any big city you need to be careful and use common sense but during the day and early evening there are too many people around to encounter issues. Late at night it gets very quiet - shops are closed (around 8pm other then some restaurants). We walked late at night from one of the Metros because it closed down at 9 pm and it took 20 mins to walk from the center of Rome perimeter to our hotel. In closing if you are looking to reduce your costs and don't mind walking from the hotel to the metro or to the train station (different transportation to get to the airport - about a 10 min walk to the Tuscola station) then I highly recommend this place. The staff was friendly - helpful but their English is not good. Get a map - metro pass and you will be in good hands. Enjoy!!