We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was on the small side with not much storage space but we were only there a few days so just kept everything in my suit case. We had access to a spacious outdoor terrace which was nice to catch a bit of sun. The only downside to the room was that there was no door on the shower and the loo door did not shut entirely so not much privacy but we managed! Overall however, the decor was fine, the room was clean and it was suitably quiet for a good night's kip after a hard day's sight seeing. The best feature is the roof terrace where they serve a decent buffet breakfast. Another great asset has to be the reception staff who were very helpful providing advice from bus times to museum opening times and markets, happy to look anything up for us if they didn't know straight away and spoke good English. I would also advise, if you're a non-smoker, to make sure to request a non-smokng room, away from any smoking rooms. I woke up on the last night because someone was smoking next door and the smell wafted through. The hotel area is ok. Unfortunately there is a lot of graffiti everywhere but that seems quite common! Didn't spot many bars or restaurants, it's mostly a residential area, but we managed to find a nice restaurant called La Violetta nearby for a first evening which was very popualr with the locals. It also has good transport links, the metro is about 10 minutes walk away and the bus, 5 minutes walk away where the number 82 takes you straight into the centre of Rome in about 10-15 minutes. There is also an overground station about 10 minutes walk which takes you to the airport and is one stop away from the night life in Travestere. We purchased a Roma Pass at the airport station for 20 Euros, its like a 3 day travel card with discounts on certain museum entries (didn't incldue the Vatican though which is a must do if you're a museum boffin). However, we didn't use it enough to get our value for money as we mostly walked everywhere (best way to see Rome) using the bus and metro occasionly to get in and out of town, which is very cheap anyway, (bus -1Euro per trip, Metro - 1.50).