Stayed for 3 nights in early September - for less than $100 a night (inc breakfast) this hotel proved to be outstanding value. In fact, I can't think of another hotel that comes close of providing the facilities/services this Hilton offered for that price. Transfers from the hotel are available, but you'll probably end up needing a rental if you're heading out of the downtown area, so you may as well pick up the car at the airport and drive the 10 mins to the hotel - it's not a difficult route and there is amble self-parking available (but the parking garage layout can be a little confusing). It seems a bit odd that in order to access some of the amenities (sports bar, starbucks, etc) you have to leave the hotel, walk round a corner, and enter from the outside. Then repeat the exercise to back into the hotel. Not a major trauma, but its a bit bemusing that you can't access them from inside like you can the cocktail bar and restaurant. A quick walk over the bridge delivers you to the Gaslamp area and more restaurants/bars that you'll probably ever need and catering to every budget and preference. If you just want to stretch your legs then the waterfront is right outside and you can wander along looking at various floating maritime attractions. Breakfast is good, with an amble buffet and portions from the menu are sufficient to see you through the morning (and maybe more!). Food at the Fox sports bar is perfectly acceptable, if somewhat predictable, but then it's a sports bar so you know exactly what's what. Rooms are clean and tidy, sensibly sized, the same can be said for the bathroom. Higher floors have better views, and if you plan to spend time looking out the window then opt for one overlooking the bridge rather than the container docks. The higher up you go the less noise is apparent and there's little need to close the curtains - no one can look in - and if you're not fussed at the scenery then save yourself the extra $ charged for the bridge view and stare out the window at nothing in particular from the comfort of the bed. I'm sure it's an endless source of amusement to the check-in staff as bemused guests wander around the lobby looking for the elevators that take you to the floor you're looking for - it isn't immediately obvious. Will be using this hotel again!