We booked their summer fun and sun package at the hotel and stayed 2 nights. So we were suppose to get free parking and 35 dollars a night to spend at the hotel. When we got their they asked if we were going to need parking not even noticing that we had it paid for in our package. When I said it is paid for in the package he had to look it up. Then told us to charge the room for the 35 dollars a night. We stayed in a large corner room looking over the bay. The room was great. Tons of room, nice view and a nice bed. The hotel itself was nice lots of things to do at the hotel. The pool was packed during the day so we my girlfriend and me went down later in the day and it was really nice. The pool wasnt that cold and the hot tub wasnt to hot. They also had pool toys to play with if you wanted to. We walked around most of the time and there is tons of stuff to do after you leave to the hotel also. Service was ok we had the problem at the front desk with the parking but it wasnt that bad. The service throughout the hotel was good. But i did get charged for the 35 dollars a night that was included in our package and had to call to get it fixed. The value was nice for the hotel and as much as they offer but if I book a special package I would like them to follow through with it and not have to be reminded of it. Sleep quality we were on the 28th floor and away from the elevator so there was no extra noise and the bed was nice. Cleanliness the room was very clean. When we were first going up to our room there was a cupcake all over the floor by the elevator and about 30 minutes later when we came back down it was still there. Also the fox sports grill the first time we went our table wasnt wiped down that well but the seceond time it was good. Outside of those things the hotel was very clean. Spa we only went to the pool but it was nice we spent longer down there then we thought we would. Restaurants they offer the two once is expensive we didnt go to it. The fox sports grill was good. We were disapointed when we went to the starbucks and frozen yogurt they have on site because you cant charge it to the room but they were ok.