My husband and I make a trip to San Diego every Memorial Day and this year instead of staying downtown where it seems you can't escape noise & loud music we decided to stay on the bay at the Hilton Bayfront. The location was ideal. It's about a 10 minute walk via the pedestrian bridge to the heart of downtown Gaslamp district and about another 10 minute walk in the opposite direction to Seaport Village. While I very much recommend this hotel for it's location, I would not recommend if you are looking to save a few bucks. We were lucky and got a good deal on a room via AAA. But everything else in this hotel is outrageously expensive. You won't be able to get a meal here for less than $50. You won't be able to get a Miller Light at the pool for less than $7 (a bit much for a domestic, bottle). However, a trick we learned on our last day is to visit Vela restaurant right inside from the pool and pay $5 for a beer on tap, (although they don't have domestic on tap). Cocktails were a bit too expensive as well. The cocktail watiresses at the pool were horrible. I counted at least 6 different times the girls saw my husband and I and still didn't come to our chairs - needless to say we didn't want to tip them even if we did eventually get service, so we went directly to the bar. There were no small fridges in the room, but we brought a small collapsible cooler and hit up Ralph's from some beer, wine, fruit and saved about $50 in a bar tab at the restaurant. The rooms were great! They were a bit smaller than what we are used to, but the bed was extremely comfortable and the rooms were very quiet. The Dole ship even docked on Sunday and Monday and was loading and unloading and from our room on the 15th floor, we couldn't hear a thing. Also, internet is a joke - if you can use your phone as a hot spot, you'll save a ton of money! The customer service at this hotel is lacking to say the least. We ran into maybe one person at the Odysea bar that was friendly. The front desk staff was unattentive at check-in, but great at check-out. In all, this was a wonderful hotel for it's location, pool (minus the staff), cleanliness and comfort factor and outstanding views of downtown and the bay.