Stayed at the Bayfront for 5 nights during a recent conference next door at convention center. As such, location was premium for walking to conference. Hotel is 10 minutes walk to the Gaslamp District for restaurants and nightlife, and a 15-minute cab ride to Balboa Park. So, it's not the best location for leisure travellers. I got a corner room on a high floor, with great views of the city and mountains in the distance. Room was soundproofed against the aircraft landing noise (airport is 15 minutes away by car in traffic). Bed was good for a sound night's sleep. Bathroom was sub-standard for a Hilton, without handshower and a bit cramped for two. Breakfast was generous; get the On Your Way deal, where two can eat buffet breakfast for about $25. The lobby was spacious, but had a strange design flaw. To enter the hotel, one has to go through a lower-level foyer then up the escalators to main reception. Once there, to get to the rooms, elevators are accessible only from one alcove in the lobby, even though the lobby wraps both ways around the alcove. As such, one has to walk around the lobby enclosure to reach the elevators. These should have been made accessible from both directions in the rectangular lobby. Weird. Other than this, the lounge and bar were very cosy. Mini-iPads were set up in th lounge alcove to allow guests to check e-mail for free. And the UPS shop downstairs offers free printing of airline boarding passes for departing guests. The hotel is right on the edge of the bay for joggers, and looks out onto Coronado Island, so the scenic location is an attraction. Taxis are quickly hailed by the curbside concierge at the entrance. The lobby concierge was very good at making dinner reservations and had a good knowledge of where pharmacies and supermarkets were located (a Ralph's grocery store and CVS pharmacy are about 15 minutes walk from hotel, in Gaslamp District). On checkout, I was stuck in a long line with other guests, but a hotel staff member approached me with a notepad on which I gave him my e-mail address for billing, enabling a quick departure without waiting. Sure enough, 24 hrs later, I received my correct bill (no inaccuracies) by e-mail. Hilton efficiency. Overall, a satisfying stay, and I would definitely stay here again for a business convention.