We just got back from a great stay over Labor Day weekend. Went with our twin 5 year old boys. Got a great rate on sandiego.com, buy 2 nights get 3rd night free for $149 a night. Which I thought was a good deal esp at last minute. Did our research so we knew to expect high parking fees. $25 to self park. But the free night made it still seem like a good deal and offset the parking charge. We also knew about the wifi charge. We paid it, but in the future we should just go to a free wifi cafe. We were lazy. The view from our window was EXCELLENT for our boys. 24th floor. They got to see the train/trolley yards, the shipping dock with a load of Dole bananas being put on a huge cargo ship, the bridge and water with sailboats. The boys set their toys up on the window ledge and played and played. Room size was just fine for us, we don't need a huge room to mess up. 2 queen beds. Beds were very comfy and furniture and bathroom seemed new and in good condition. I like that they supplied a BIG blowdryer. Pool was great for our boys since it isnt super deep and they could really swim around. Lots of families so we didnt feel like we were disrupting a "singles scene". The location of the hotel on the bay was SO great for us. The boys could RUN and RUN and RUN down the pier length or in front of the convention center. Then just a short walk to Gaslamp area. We had no trouble getting good reasonable food close by with no waiting. There were many good family choices. Broken Yolk for breakfast. Tin Fish was great casual place for our loud family. At night the Hilton lights this big pit fire outside near the water, and there were comfy couches to sit on. It is probably meant to be a lounge-scene, but no one was there when we walked by so we had a nice end to the night, just watching the flames and enjoying the bayfront breeze and lights. The Hilton also was showing Shrek one night and Avatar the next night on the HUGE screen tv outside by the pool. It was free and they also served free sodas and popcorn. I thought that was a cool idea. Didnt bother using the gym (supposedly there is also a charge for that). The long pier is right outside and perfect for a morning run. Lots of people around and it felt safe. So, if you know what to expect, you can avoid being nickel and dimed. I thought it was a really terrific place and value. Will def go again.