My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in early December. We got the stay 2 nights get 1 free and paid for our 4th night. Overall we paid about 100/night for the room. As a Hilton Diamond member we got upgraded to the 19th floor looking the Bay and Downtown. The rooms are new. a bit small, but elegant and plush. The bathroom is standard (nothing too fancy). You can hear the ships, jets (naval base) from the rooms so some mornings are quite loud - however, our family that stayed at the Hyatt had the same problem - so its just an issue if you are staying at a hotel by the water. The lobby of the hotel is impressive and very modern. It was all decorated with Christmas ornaments which gave it a nice touch. Normally, as a diamond member one gets free continental breakfast (well usually just breakfast at the executive lounge but they didn't have one) so you got the choice of one drink and item at starbucks or 10 off the breakfast buffet they offer (which is normally 22 per person). I was a bit disappointed with this as I've stayed in Paris and London and gotten beautiful breakfasts complimentary (and drinks and appetizers at happy hour). The vouchers for the starbucks can be used at any time of the day and also you can get 2 drinks (if you dont get the 1 food item) and vice versa which is kind of nice. We in the end opted for the breakfast buffet and then paid 12 per person. It is a nice buffet overall with lots of selection. We had drinks at their bar in the lobby which was nice - you also get free vouchers for a food item and when we got there it was for chips and salsa. A bit disappointed in this too - if this place had an executive lounge the happy hour would have had more food available complimentary and drinks. The parking is also outrageous (cost more per day than my rental car). Overall the stay was good - i liked that it was a brand new hotel, we had a nice room. I felt nickled and dimed for many things that are normally complimentary for diamond members - so I was a bit peeved at that. But the location was good - a bit of center from downtown but not a far walk at all. I would consider staying here again but would like the see them offer the correct Hilton honour perks that so many other Hiltons do.