We stayed at the Hilton Bayfront SD in the middle of October 09. Room Price was the best deal at time of booking through Priceline (2 weeks prior to trip) as it was pay for 2 nights, 3rd night free. Hotel is very new, very modern and urban looking. Doesnt really tie with the rest of the SD feel though, so you kind of feel like you are going to a different city after being out all day and I can see where some people might be bothered by it, but that was not an issue for us. Room was kind of small for a room with two queen beds and the chaise that was I was led to believe by the pictures on Priceline and the Hiltons website was actually like a club chair, but by no means a chaise. I had paid for a standard room and was told upon checking that the rooms will have a partial ocean view. Well looking to the one side was OK as we could see the bay with part of the ocean, but turning to the left we looked at the boat dock and the railroads (not so pretty). Have to admit that we were offered to upgrade right a way at checking at an additional charge ($15-20 I believe). Parking is expensive; I would have liked to have been able to avoid this charge. Internet was expensive as well and we decided to leave without it for the 3 days. I read on some other reviews that there was free internet at the bar in front of the hotel, but we actually did not make it there to check that out. Did not go to the restaurant as well. Went to Starbucks for coffee and bagels for breakfast each of the mornings  that saved us a lot of time of driving around, trying to find something and some money too. To find the Starbucks you would take the escalator to the Ground level on the side of the hotel and walk around or exit the hotel on the side by the pool and go around this way. The pool was awesome as well as the hot tub (which got crowded at times). The water in the pool is heated just enough so you dont get cold. It was kind of called in Mid-October for (coming from Hot AZ), but my daughter could have stayed in the pool for hours. Would not recommend the pool for swimming, as it is not deep enough. The Bathroom was a nice size and everything worked. The beds were OK  I did have a backache after the 3 nights though. Bedding was not anything special; in fact a couple of he sheets had small halls in them. Staff was courteous, I had to ask the housekeeping for some extra coffee and they left some in the room (loved having the coffee maker in the room and also the safe). The flat screen TV was super nice too. All and all I would stay at the hotel for the special price, may not want to pay the full price and stay someplace else next time.