The Bay Front Hilton is a new hotel, about a year old and a nice addition to the area. Check in went smoothly. The front desk assistant could not have been nicer. The rooms are done is the Hilton Style, Bathroom are nicely set up with the usual Hilton amenities. Large LG TV, etc. My bed was very comfortable. I had a great view of the Bay! The hotel does not have an Executive Floor. You are given a discount on the breakfast of $10.00 to use in their restaurant or in the Starbucks which is located on the premises. The breakfast buffet is nothing special in my opinion, $21.95. and way overpriced as are other breakfast items. There is also a Fox Grill on site for dining. I did not eat here.. The hotel has many large meeting rooms. There is a Fitness Center, a Spa. The concierge is located in the center of the lobby near check-in desk. The SD Convention Center is very close to the hotel. It may be connected. The business center is in the UPS Center 3rd level( I think). You can print your boarding pass, but to use the internet is $6.95 for 15 minutes. The hotel I feel was built for the large conventions. Nice grounds around the hotel. Bay Front Park is close/ great area to have a wedding, which is advertised. The location is about a couple or three block from the Historical Gaslight District. Do not get this hotel confused with the Hilton Hotel which is at the entrance to the Historical Gaslight District, The Gaslight District has lots of restaurants, clubs and little shops From the hotel you can walk a couple blocks along the bay front to get to the Ferry for a dinner cruise or cruise to Coronado Island. The Sightseeing Trolley tours stops at 1 Park Blvd very near hotel. Bay Front Hilton is also right near Petco Park. Misc note. The hotel has no complimentary shuttle. Taxi from airport is between $13-$15. You can take the Super Shuttle for $8.00, tell them the Bay Front Hilton has an arrangement to charge guest $8.00 coming to the Hotel. Airport is maybe 10-15 minutes from hotel depending on traffic. I would definitely stay here again.