I was here for a conference. The location is very good both for being near the convention center and an easy walk to the Gaslamp District. Since it is right on San Diego Bay, the outdoor restaurants and pool have a nice sunny and airy feel, and you can walk along the waterfront promenade to other hotels along the water. The public rooms are very nice with cocktail lounges everywhere and outdoor drinks possible on the terrace. The staff was very nice throughout -- check-in, waistaff, housekeeping, pool and spa people, etc. Room 1510 had two queen beds and was the typical well-fitted-out business class hotel room - everything you expect, but nothing surprising (i.e. coffee maker, iron an dironing board, very good internet connections, etc.) Nice size room and bathroom, and every felt fresh (the hotel is not that old.) Nice toiletries. Spotless housekeeping. The room looks south over the Coronado Bridge and Bay -- some may prefer a view north that includes the bay and more of a city view. You immediately overlook the pool, which is nice, and a shpiping transit area further beyond. This is less lovely, but it was actually interesting to watch the Dole banana container ship loading (but that's me.) There is a very nice outdoor pool area with towels, food an beverage options, etc. It is attached to a fitness center with good equipment and a nice view of the Bay. There is a small spa and locker area with an assortment of services. My sister was with me on this trip, and she enjoyed a few of the services -- I was busy. She thought the staff was friendly and professional. The spa has a free sauna of aromatic woods -- really nice if you like heat. The food at the restaurant at breakfast and lunch was very good and on the pricey side as one expects at a place like this. There is a lunch buffet for approx. $22. Bothersome: you can order a la carte items like a bagel and coffee, but this option is not shown on the menu -- only major plates of breakfast are on the a la carte menu. If you ask, the staff is very pleasant about filling requests -- but why should I have to guess about these items? There is also a sports bar and Starbucks that are entered from the outside of the hotel -- possibly to attract convention goers from across the street. The sports bar is quite nice and can put together some good main-dish salads. There is a separate dining section from the bar itself, and the outdoor seating is very pleasant, inclduing the fire pit. The Starbucks is a Starbucks, but I have a complaint: the music is head-banging irritating, especially in the morning. Given the typical customers, this music wasobviously the preference of the staff, not the guests. Most customers tried to be outside, even in damp weather. My only other complaints are somewhat minor: the hotel again tries to nickle-and-dime you for extra charges for the internet, the fitness center (pool is free, I think.) I got the fitness center free given my booking rate, but not the internet. My convention rate was more expensive, and at first did not cover the internet rate, but then we complained and it did, but even then the rate I found online was better, even when I paid extra for the internet. The point: look for online rates, and call the hotel to negotiate. It shouldn't be this complicated or this annoying. Because it is near the Convention Center, the hotel allows the pool area can be booked for special events. This happened only once during a 5-night stay, but the staff shooed people away by 4 for an evening cocktail and dinner event. Fair warning if you counted on the pool for an after-work or after-dinner swim. But these days, it happens, and I have to compliment the banquet people on a good job for some of my industry events held at the hotel. The fitness facilities were very nice, but some of the spa services compete with guests who are trying to clean up inthe locker room. One day, a staff member was doing the hair of a client in the same smallish area were guests were trying to put themselves together. There were too few outlets for various hair dryers and styling appliances. It would be nice if more tourist brochures were immediately available. While the concierges are very accomplished, you had to ask for everything, which could result in a back up if all you wanted was an area map. One complaint more: for a hotel this new, some of our presentations in the conference rooms had a few technical glitches. This shouldn't happen at a new hotel, and some of the rooms could have been outfitted better for presentations. Still, it was a very nice stay and I'd consider it again. However, there are other hotels along the bay, and I'd at least do a quick search.