We stayed at the Hyatt the week of March 5th through the 12th. It was a company trip so we didn't pay for our room itself. The only downer... the fact that that as a couple we didn't get a king bed - we got a double beds (actually I think one of them was a single). Even when we had flight delays and stayed another night, although the company requested a king bed we still got the two beds. It was a small thing considering the hotel is really very lovely. The hotel rooms were spacious, a nice walk in closet with safe, big screen tv and a balcony with view of the resort and the ocean. All of the staff were very nice and always very courteous. Every wake up call we got, we were also told what the weather would be like that day. Always had the Maui news under our door in the morning (even though we would often wake up around 5:30 AM) and the rooms were always made up well. There isn't much of a beach in front of the hotel and the ocean right by the hotel is a bit rocky. It's no more than a 5 minute walk to get to a nicer beach in front of another resort and all of the resorts are connected with a nice beach walk. The waves can get pretty big (this is from a mainlander with no experience surfing). A pretty strong undertow but lots of kids, boogie boards and surfers were able to have fun in it. The Hyatt makes up for it's smaller beach area with a beautiful layout. The grounds of the hotel are spectacular, lots of interesting paths with lots of flowers, little man made rivers and waterfall. You saw different birds along the way like Penguins, Swans, Ducks, Flamingos. The lobby atrium also had some tropical birds out during the day which was a nice touch. The pool is nicer than a lot of the other hotels but the water is cold, too bad it wasn't heated but that may have only been an issue because half of our stay was rainy. Nice big hot tub made up for it! Fast water slide and cute kids play area that are separate from the adult pool where they also have a hoop set up for some water sports. Lots of deck chairs around the pool and kids area for sunning if you don't feel like going right out onto the beach. 10-15 minute walk to Whaler's Village via the beach walk. Lots of joggers took advantage of the path if they weren't keen on jogging in the sand. We had two events at the Hyatt with our company. One was moved in doors due to rain - but the band was still great and the food was good as well! . We also enjoyed the hotel luau, great show, again, lots of good food, open bar and wonderful hula dancing. We tried Japengo once just for a few drinks, it was raining but had a nice view of the beach front and staff were really nice. We ate at Swans Court for breakfast every morning - fast omelette station, a great selection of breakfast pastries, fruit (papaya and pineapple were delcious), hot food and even miso soup. Overall it was a great stay and would stay here again on our next trip to Maui. Aloha!