I was so disappointed that we were not lei'd upon arrival! The Front Office staff had them there behind the counter when we showed up with our suitcases. Was it not made clear that we were checking in even though we said that we were checking in? As if we were going to ask for them! By the end of the trip I was lei'd countless times so this is not a deal breaker. But if the Hyatt wants to call themselves a five star and they have the staff right there and the lei right there - and I say "Hi Im checking in" - they need to be on the ball. The Deluxe Ocean View rooms are recently renovated and they do have a nice view of the sea, Lanai in the distance as well as lush garden-like grounds below. Ask for a room on a higher floor to receive the best view possible. These rooms are nice and tastefully decorated; not "too Hyatt" and not "too Hawaiian". Good large sized closet and robe, but no slippers. Private triangular balcony with table and two chairs. The staff were nice and mostly from the mainland USA. For example, we met so many people from Boston, all wonderful and very friendly. The restaurants we tried at the hotel were too expensive and not very good. Even the breakfast buffet; not very good. Plus it is inescapably indoor/outdoor and therefore there are lots of birds flying around your food. (We had a delicious dinner at the Honua Kai down the beach, prices much more reasonable in comparable if not better location.) The hotel is way to big something like 800 or so but it feels like thousands and thousands. Took me 10 minutes to hustle from my room on the 8th floor down to the main lobby area. But because the hotel is too big there are many shops including a large Macy's and everything you could require. The expansive grounds are gorgeous, very well maintained, floral and lush. Meandering pathways, Asian Gardens and penguins. So many amenities here to choose from. A great number of pools - though not always open - and a groovy Grotto Pool Bar! Valet was friendly; efficient. One thing I must mention that truly impressed me: housekeeping. We took the Haleakala Sunrise Volcano tour and had to leave the hotel at 2:30am. I was so happy to find my room had already been made up - upon my return to the hotel about 10:00am. Could hardly believe it! It makes sense though. People who take these tours do not like having someone interrupt them while they're trying to catch a few zzzz during prime maid service hours. Clearly the hotel listened and has found a away around this. Fantastic, well done!