I stayed in this hotel for five nights as part of a conference. The resort is really very impressive it has a beautiful setting right on the ocean with extensive gardens, numerous pools and extensive and well-kept landscaping with a range of birds and other animals. I experienced a luxury king room that overlooked the main swimming pool and towards the beach. This room was well appointed with computer-sized safe, mini-bar and a separate fridge. There were nice toiletries, fluffy towels, very comfortable bed and large plasma TV with a good range of channels. Room had patio sliding doors onto a very small balcony (lanai) that received lots of sun and was a great place to view the sunset. Room was cleaned up each day by cheery and pleasant staff. Indeed all staff in hotel were exceptionally nice and provided a first class experience. Pools were clean, had ample loungers, and waitress bar and food service was pleasant. On the negative side, the breakfast buffet was fairly expensive and was only of standard quality. Sure, it is located in a beautiful location open to a waterfall and pool with swans gliding by, but seating appears limited as there are often long line-ups to get in. There was a custom omelette station, but lines were long and slow and the cook was overworked and grumpy. There was also the conventional mix of cereals, muffins, breads as well as other cooked items such as eggs, bacon and sausages. Interestingly, they also offered a Japanese-style selection (miso soup, etc). I did not experience hotel lunches or dinners as I was told there are many better places in nearby Lahaina. Warning  do not leave a plate of food on your table as it will be attacked by flocks of small birds; wearing a hat is also a good idea as these well-fed free-loaders to require frequent bathroom breaks. Another negative was the evening show (luau). In fact it was so bad in so many respects  food, although plentiful, was of poor quality; waiter service for open bar was so slow, I had to serve myself; wine and beer quality was extremely poor; and the show itself was dreadful, particularly the smarmy/cheesy MC and the faux-rock stage setting was ridiculous. I would certainly not recommend this event.