This was our 3rd stay at the Hyatt (over a 20 year period) and our first during the Christmas Season. We stayed a total of 10 days arriving before Christmas and leaving prior to New Years. Though it was a little more crowded than in the summer months,... believe it or not, we still felt blessed to be in such a wonderful resort. The construction everyone was talking about was completed a few days after our arrival and since we were aware of it from other reviews prior to our visit, we were not surprised. But it was a nice treat when they cleaned up and moved out opening up a beautiful entry to a beautiful resort. THE CONSTRUCTION IS DONE!We stayed on the top (9th) floor of the Lahaina Tower (facing east) with a great sunrise each morning and a GREAT ocean view. Though it was sold as a "partial" ocean view, we certainly were not cheated. (see photos). Our daily room cleaning was emaculant. Not a flaw or item out of place each day. The grounds are well kept and clean. The surroundings and views are awsome as you look out over the facility, the wide open ocean, and Lanai across the way. The pool areas were very crowded and every one of the hundreds of chairs were occupied each day. This obviously looks great to hotel management (and particularly bar tenders) but for paying customers, it's kind of a bummer to see such crowds. It did seem uncomfortably crowded at times as most of the hundreds of chairs are "touching" so if you are a couple, expect another couple to be "touching" your chairs as well. As prior reviews, you do need to get to the pool by mid-morning (9:30-10) to get a decent chair. Much earlier to get prime areas. Seems silly, but true. The employee service was fine as it pertains to us. Though we did order a couple drinks during our stay while sitting around the pool, we did NOT eat at any hotel restaurants. the prices are very high and from reading previous reviews, we were not intersted in "exploring". We took their word for it. Besides, at $12 (+tax/tip) for ONE a pool side drink, we got the idea. Eating in the fun places in Lahaina was much more of a treat anyway. A FEW TIPS AND "AUTOMATICS" TO KNOW... You can self park for free at any time by using 1 of 3 FREE self parking locations (2 before you reach the hotel entry and one in back near the Lahaina Tower, Spa, and Luau. We NEVER paid a dime in 10 days for valet. (It's $18 a day). There is a $25 a day resort fee. No way around it. Be prepared for that. There is an "electronically VERY sensative" snack tray sitting in each room. If you even breath on it or accidently bump it, you will be charged and astronomical amount for the item. We were actually warned by our hotel bell men when we arrived as he said, "be careful of that, it's very sensative". We actually called and had it taken out. They will do that. If interested, see what it would cost to get the top (9th) floor. We truly enjoyed where we were and though we did not get the prime, ocean views, overlooking the fabulous grounds, we still had a quiet area looking over the vast Lahaina area, a pretty decent ocean view, and mountains. (see photos) In any case, our stay was fine and we enjoyed it. Would we stay there again,...? Maybe. We've already been their 3 times.