A nice property on Ka'anapali Beach. The grounds were very lovely with all the plants, trees, flowers & birds. We stayed in a partial ocean view room that was more than adequate. It had a small walk-in closet with a safe that accomodated my 15.4" laptop without any problem. Our room had robes although our friend's room didn't. There was a fridge for our own use as well as a mini-bar fridge. They had a large tray of snacks in the room that would be added to your room if you desired (we didn't need to since we stopped at Costco). Our room overlooked the parking lot but still had a nice view of the ocean. The pool was beautiful & they had an area specifically for kids. One comment I would make was that the hot tub was close to the kids pool. It would be nice to have an adults only hot tub. It wasn't too much of an issue at night & the few times we were in there when there were kids they were well behaved. Another reviewer disliked the towel cards & wrist bands. We used our towel cards to get towels but never used the wrist band. Once we had our towles we didn't have to use the card we would just trade in our towels for clean ones. I had NO problem with any of this since ALL beaches in Hawaii are public... If you pay a lot of money for a resort you don't want to be competing with the general public or people from other resorts for chairs that you should have first shot at. You can self-park for free which we appreciated. If you wanted to pay for the privilege of valet you could pay for that. Yes the spaces are small & people park over the lines. We determined that it was probably the locals that didn't want their car doors banged-up... Can't blame 'em. When we were going out to the car the one time we had to park out in the far lot they shuttled all 4 of us & our gear out there in a large golf cart. That was a nice service since we had so much stuff with us. For those of you who might need to see a doctor during your stay, there is a doctor's office right in the hotel. It was quite convenient & my husband had to utilize it for a respiratory issue. I thought Dr. Heather B was great & I don't think I could have gotten my husband to go if it hadn't been right there at the resort. Our package through Costco included the Breakfast Buffet. We thought the buffet was wonderful-- even better (in a lot of ways) than on the cruise we were on the week before. Had the buffet not been included in the cost we would not have paid for it. It was quite pricey but we experienced great service in Swan Court. We enjoyed the birds flitting around & swimming in the pond. Our package with Costco took care of the daily resort fee as well. If your package doesn't I think it costs around $24/day. We ate at Umulau the night we checked in. The food we had was average at best. We didn't order drinks there. My husband & I went to Happy Hour at Japengo. The drinks I had were good (wouldn't have wanted to pay full price) & we enjoyed the appetizers we had at a discount. If you look around you can find different coupons for non-Happy Hour times. You could find one for a free calamari appetizer but the best one I found was in the Menehune Maps (got this at the Dr's Office) that if you mentioned that you saw the ad you could get 1 entree free with the purchase of another. That would make it a decent deal. One thing I would note is that we spent a lot of time away from the resort exploring other areas & beaches. I don't know that I would spend the money to stay at such a nice resort next time. i don't feel that we utilzed the resort as much as the expense....We ended-up extending our stay 4 add'l days & we moved down to Kihei to the Days Inn. We just needed a place to sleep & shower & it was fine.