My teenage daughter and I stayed here last week for 4 nights and we really enjoyed our stay. The lobby and reception areas are in the process of being renovated, and once this is complete - will be lovely. Right now it's a bit confusing trying to find one's way to reception, self parking etc etc. Once you know your way around - it's easy! It's a large resort with beautiful gardens, penguins, flamingoes etc. Here's my review: - Room: We had a partial ocean view room in the Lahaina Tower. Room was very spacious, well laid-out, lots of nice little touches, if a little dated in parts. Liked: dressing room, separate powder area. Comfy beds. Did not like: Overlooked the Luau area and it was noisy at night. Hallways are very dated with really old fashioned carpet. - Breakfast in Swan Court: We didn't really like the birds flying around the food and near our table, so ate here twice only even though it was included in our room rate. Servers were really only interested in the tips they would be getting. - Fitness Centre: Loved it. Great equipment, everything worked, nice touches e.g. chilled water, chilled towels, 24/7 access. - Pool Area: Loved it. Large enough to never seem crowded; no problem getting chairs; some nice touches like water coolers, ice blocks. Did not like: only allowed one pool/beach towel per person and they are very strict about this! - Self Parking: Self parking is a short walk away, probably to try to encourage people to pay for valet. It's not a problem because hotel constantly has a minivan driving between the self parking and the hotel to shuttle guests. Important note: We went for a swim in the ocean and my daughter got stung by a sea urchin, which was a nasty experience. We went straight to the pool attendants for help and they were great - did everything they could to help us. Security escorted us to on-site Doctors on Call, who were ok but not amazing - really only interested in how I was going to pay the bill.... That night ordered dinner through room service and food was good, if a little pricey. Overall - a really nice resort, great pool, lots of nice little touches. Take a walk to Whalers Village for a bit of retail therapy, food court etc, and you get a good look at the other hotels on the way!