There were more things that I loved about this resort that far outweighed the things I disliked, and I will write about the things I loved first: The resort's grounds were A-mazing! The hotel itself is built in an atrium-style, so there is a large, open-air courtyard in the center. In the courtyard there were tropical plants and flowers, Koi ponds, parrots on giant copper rings, tropical penguins, indigenous cultural statues, etc. Outside of the hotel (but on the grounds) the pool was large, perfect temperature, and had plenty of seating, different depths, a grotto, a poolside bar, and a roped-off kiddy pool. Only steps away from the pool is a strip of beach where the sand was soft, the water was warm and chunks of coral reef were regularly washing up. I did see sharks (plural) a couple of times during my 5-day stay, and they weren't too far off the shore (10-20 ft away). There are also quite a few great little shops, with all you need for souvenirs or drinks, snacks, and toiletries. Although mostly on the more pricey side, the dining was really great! I went on my honeymoon, and my husband and I had breakfast in swan court twice. The meals were filling, fresh and delicious, and the view was awesome. Swan court is a medium-sized, open-air restaurant that opens up to a view of a large pond with white and black swans, a waterfall, tropical vegetation, and the beach. Soothing and beautiful. My husband and I visited Japengo twice, and the views are amazing (swimming pool, waterfalls, ocean) and the food was very modern, creative, aesthetically pleasing, and delicious. Great drinks, too! Now for my dislikes: Our dislikes generally were with the room itself. We got a partial-ocean view room, and the view from the lanai was great, so that wasn't a problem. The bed and pillows were also very comfortable. Unfortunately, the walls were very thin, and my husband and I were forced to wake up to (and hear) every word a man and his apparent mistress were arguing, and then some. Cringe. Also, on the days that my husband and I opted for room service, I realized upon coming back to the freshly made bed that the mattress did not have a fitted sheet on it (just a regular flat sheet, tucked in) which would come untucked throughout the night. Also, the lightweight down comforter was not in a duvet. It was simply tucked between two sheets and folded back. When that got moved around throughout the night, the stained comforter was hanging out and was a bit yucky (which is why it should be contained in a duvet). The toilet, bathtub, and bathroom door were all a bit too close, so the floor plan in that sense was poorly designed. Lastly, we were confined to seating on the bed, because the couch had very questionable white, crusty stains all over it. Yuck. That aside, overall it was a great, beautiful and romantic spot. I would still visit the Hyatt Regency Maui again!