My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights on the second leg of our honeymoon in October. When we first arrived the concierge was great, gave us lei's, checked us in and gave us comp. parking for the night. The hotel is massive and really has the resort feel, so if you like that ritzy feel go for it. The room was phenomenal...we were in a full ocean view room above the main pool and the room was massive with couch and tv and a great balcony. We spent the first day at the hotel pool, which is very nice, but it can be difficult to find a chair to lay on and there is NO real beach to lay out on here. Even after our research this was still a disappointment, but we ended up taking advantage of the great Kaanapali beach walk that is a mile walk along all the resort hotels in Kaanapali...we ended up sitting on the great beaches in front of the Westin and our favorite beach, Black Rock in front of the Sheraton (about a mile walk from Hyatt on the "beach walk"). It was a nice stroll, but not fun to do multiple times a day on a relaxing vacation. We're very active and even we got sick of walking far for a nice beach. The restaurant by the pool is ridiculously expensive, dont eat or drink here. Walk to Whalers Village and have a nice meal at Hula Grill or leilanis. The hotel grounds were fun to walk around, flamingos, penguins and other animals all over. This was hindered though during the week as there was construction 9-5 everyday (we missed most of this as we were driving to nice beaches all over Maui). But I do realize that the construction is why we got such a great deal for our stay, however I KNEW nothing about the construction until we actually saw it happening. They closed off the entire front concierge and entrance and it became confusing. DO NOT go to the breakfast they includ ein your stay, while it is good, the wait can be REALLY long on weekends and there are birds ALL over the tables. Instead drive to Lahaina and eat breakfast at SUnrise Cafe or 5 palms..delicious breakfasts! The cost of everything is what bothered us, we are from D.C., by no means an inexpensive market, but we found this hotel to be ridiculous with nickle and diming you. $25 resort fee, per day, PLUS the most annoying thing they did and did not tell us was the charged an "AVERAGE RESORT FEE" to my card the night we checked in. We went immediately to the concierge and they told us they estimate how much they think we will charge to the room per night, and they pre-charge you that amount! So I had a $700 charge on my credit card before I even bought a thing! It was later removed, but just a very annoying and alarming addition! We would probably NOT stay here again, although we found the rooms very nice, as it is just too expensive!