My wife and I stayed here for 13 days for our honeymoon. Ka'anapali is a good location - more chilled out than Lahaina, with a great beach, but you're only 10 minutes drive away if you want to take advantage of the shops and restaurants in Lahaina. Hyatt is at one end of the Ka'anapali beachfront strip. There is quite a nice beach close by (outside the spa) or you can do a 15-20 minute walk to the Black Rock area for the main Ka'anapali beach. Whaler's Village (with shops and restaurants) is a similar distance. We used the self-parking exclusively while we were there and we always found it very easy to find a space (other reviewers didn't, maybe October is quiet). It was a short walk from there to the main hotel. Our room (partial ocean view with king bed) was a good size, had good facilities and was nice and clean. You get free wi-fi and free local calls which is handy for confirming any trips or bookings you might have made before coming. The resort area is very pretty with lots of water features, swans, flamingos etc. The pool is big and has a great water slide. The cocktails at the Umalu bar are nice (and can be sipped by the pool) and the singers were always good. Very relaxing! We found the restaurants okay but thought that there were nicer places along the strip (Tropica was our favourite). The breakfast buffet is great but it's quite expensive - if it hadn't been included in our room rate I don't think I would have paid the $30 per person each day (plus tip). All in all, if you normally go for 3 or 4 star hotels like us but want a bit of luxury for a special occasion, I think you'll like the Hyatt - just be prepared that everything, from the mandatory "resort fee" to the food and drinks - is expensive, so even if you get a good deal on the room rate, you will end up paying more than you think! Now the bad news - as other reviewers note, the hotel is undergoing fairly hefty reconstruction at the moment and says it will do so until December. Various parts of it have been shuffled around and there is loud construction noise at various points throughout the day. I remember sitting by the pool with a singer and a loud pneumatic drill in the background. The poor singer almost gave up. If this will bother you, best to leave your trip to the Hyatt until the new year! We did not receive any advance warning that this was going to happen. Being British, we didn't think it was worth complaining, but there were a couple of moments when we thought about it :-)