We are currently at the hotel but will be leaving in a couple of days after an 11 day stay. If I had written this review half-way during the trip, I would have given it a "perfect" rating. A couple of things have happened that just miss the mark for me, but overall the hotel stay has been great. First, we are staying in a Deluxe Oceanfront View room. That's the best part of the stay for us. We are on the 20th floor and have a fabulous view. We've stayed in the Westin a couple of times and the Fairmont Kea Lani, too. By far, this is the best room view. It truly is the closest room to the ocean that we have stayed in plus we have a great view of the pool. I kept hearing about the smallness of the room. Maybe because we expected the worst, we were happily surprised. The room isn't huge like the Kea Lani, but I think it's bigger than the Westin. The room is a normal hotel room size. I will mention (because I was interested) that a refrigerator is in the room that has the minibar stuff, but they also supply another empty refrigerator. A huge tray with food in it to purchase takes up a ton of room in the bathroom, It's bolted to the piece of furniture in there and you can't move the food or it automatically charges you. We could have used the extra space, but it hasn't been horrible. I think the beds have been fine as far as comfort. The breakfast buffet was included in our rate (and many others as well from what we could tell). It's an okay buffet, but we did get tired of the same things day in and day out. I loved the Fairmont's breakfast buffet so it's hard to compare anything to that. Again, I don't mean to sound petty. It hasn't ruined our trip or anything like that. There has always been a line to get seated but it moves pretty quickly. We did the wildlife tour of the hotel - it was interesting and fun. We also did the lei-making. My daughter enjoyed it. Both activities were free. We paid for the Tour of the Stars on the roof of the hotel one evening. It was okay. The Director of Astronomy seems to love his job, but for the price, I wouldn't do it again. We did a few other activities that I will rate separately. We decided to do the Cirque Polynesia, but we are doing that tomorrow evening so I can't say much about it yet. I will say that children are free with an adult ticket. We found out by accident when I looked online. Overall, the hotel location is nice because it's not in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Kaanapali, but it is within easy walking distance of the Whaler's Village and other hotels. Last week I would have said that I would definitely stay here again. A couple of things have happened that have kind of made me think about looking at other locations for our next trip. One, the availability of pool chairs. Although this sounds petty, it was a big deal to us. As we had a view of the pool, we could easily see when people were saving those seats with their towels early in the morning. A few hours later, the people had never come back but the seats were still being held for them. We were surprised that in October the hotel would be this crowded. Seats were at a premium. The pool staff makes a half-hearted attempt to remove things after 60 minutes. I never saw this happen. I did see them put a couple of signs on seats saying that they would remove items, but it didn't appear that they did so. A few days ago an Arbonne skin care group arrived at the hotel. Nice ladies, but they aren't in meetings. They are at the pool every day. The pool staff told us today that the ladies would save seats for their friends and when they put signs on the chairs, the ladies would remove them so the seats wouldn't be taken by others. Very frustrating when you've been searching for a seat for an hour and no one has sat in several all day. I took a picture of the pool this morning from my balcony at 7:30 am - most of the seats were "taken" by towels and only two people were even in the vicinity of the pool. I think the Hyatt is missing the boat here - they need to do a little bit more and be strict about this policy and have someone monitoring the situation. We are all paying to stay here so we should all have an opportunity to get a seat. We picked the Hyatt in very large part due to their pool but we haven't been able to enjoy it much at all the last few days. VERY frustrating. Another item that we didn't know about was the construction. Perhaps we should have but we didn't find out about it until we arrived and found the front entrance covered and scaffolding all around. The lobby really doesn't have any ambiance due to the construction. It's only done Monday through Friday, but it's loud. We received a letter tonight saying that it will continue through December 20th so just be aware of it if you are traveling during those dates. They are having to make repairs to the lobby ceiling and are re-doing their entrance at the same time. Not as big of a deal as the pool to us, but it would have been nice to know. They have relocated the front desk, conceirge, bell desk and little coffee shop to the Lahaina Tower during the construction. Last, but not least, the parking situation is not so hot. We expected that though. We did visit a few other resorts and they seem to have a better parking situation, but I think it might be tough in this part of Kaanapali. Again, not a deal breaker for us. In summary, our stay was great but the pool could easily be a deal-breaker for us. We love to go on beach vacations and have stayed in Hawaii, Mexico and the Caribbean. We understand about the reserving of chairs. Most resorts try to monitor the situation. The Hyatt really doesn't have a handle on it and I don't think realizes that the pool is a big part of a vacation for many. I will say that the pool is nice and the waterfalls and lava tube are great. Just wished we could have enjoyed it more!