From check-in to check-out, the front desk staff were fabulous - addressing with smiles and real aloha spirit. The hotel is undergoing some remodeling so the open air lobby had scaffolding marring the ocean views, but otherwise this property was fine. We stayed in an ocean front room in the Napili Tower and it was a delight. At night we slept with the patio doors open and we fell asleep and woke up to the sounds of the ocean waves - just perfect. The room was clean and comfortable for our family of four. A mini-fridge in the room was useful for chilling bottled water and beverages. The bathroom was a bit small, but we liked that the sink area was separate as it helped everyone move along in the morning. Housekeeping was wonderful - they brought extra towels, left extra soaps/shampoos upon request and were very prompt when we asked for blankets to take up to Haleakala during our planned visit. The staff was just so courteous and cheerful. We also utilized the Regency Club which was a nice treat. Here the staff was exceptional, chatting about the day and sharing tips. They were also very attentive with respect to placing food and keeping the areas clean for guests. We really loved the pool area though we did have to send one of our family members to secure shadier spots early in the morning. You can opt to choose chairs facing the ocean or facing the pool, and some a bit of both. The only strange thing was the towel policy - you receive a card to exchange for one towel and when returning the towel, you got the card back. At checkout you had to make sure all your cards were turned back in. Weird towel accounting method that was not properly explained. We found the pool attendants just a bit brusque if not slightly rude about the policy. If anything, they need some refreshers on smiling (I'm sure they're fed up and bored all day long just handing out towels or watching out for unattended chairs, but still they should have been a bit more friendlier). The walk to Whalers Village was lovely especially near sunset. Lots of shops if you want to spend the time. Also, a nice hula show in the evening around 6:30, I think. The concierge was very helpful - if you think you'd like to plan any excursions at all, book early as slots seemed to fill up and we had to "re-arrange" our itinerary a bit to fit things in. We took advantage of parasailing and ziplining. We had booked surfing as well for the teens, but it got canceled due to unsafe wave conditions for beginners. The highlight was the visit to Haleakala at sunrise - no guarantees of views given, but worth attempting. We used our car rental only once to head out to Napili/Kapalua Bay areas. So glad we did as the beach areas in those locations were wonderful and not too crowded. To secure a parking spot, we headed out fairly early (before 9:30, I think). Meals are slightly on the costly side on property, but if you'd like to explore there are other options in Whalers Village and Lahaina. Just a matter of preference and convenience. We would definitely return to this idyllic retreat in the future.