We honeymooned in an oceanfront room in this hotel in 1993. We have vacationed in the Hawaiin islands over 50 times, but this was our first time returning to this hotel as we usually stay exclusively at more upscale 5 star properties and honestly Maui our least favorite Hawaiian island. The locals call it "Mauiwood" as quite a majority of guests tend to be from LA. I prefer not to run into friends, neighbors and business associates on my vacation. The Kaanapali are reminds me of Waikiki with its very busy beachfront walkway from the Hyatt to the Sheraton at Black Rock. While the Hyatt is on the narrowest strech of sand and they do not reccommend swiming right there, this is the best location in our opinion as it is at the end of the walkway. We took a chance and overall we were quite happy that we returned. We will be back and definitely stay in this suite again! This is a beautiful 4 star resort and we were very pleased with the way the hotel has been maintained. It certainly does not show its age. The Aloha spirit of the staff is exceptional...much better than at The Grand Wailea and The Four Seasons Maui! This hotel caters to a completely different clientelle and it was refreshing to not be poolside with everyone talking on their cell phones about how rich and important they are! My only serious service issue has to do with room service. It is only available for breakfast until 11am and for dinnerafter 5:30pm. There is no room service at all during the day!? We like to come up from the pool to cool off and relax and have lunch and cocktails in our room, as well as late afternoon cocktails and snacks but this was not to be at this hotel. When I called down I was informed that there was a takeout menu from the hotel restaurants in our room and I was free to go down, order and carry up whatever I wanted. I probably should have contacted management as I'm sure they would have accomodated us, but I chose not to, my mistake. Please Hyatt Maui...change this...especially in your suites. You will make a lot more money and have happier clients. We ended up driving into Lahaina or up to Kapalua for lunch quite a few days. When we arrived back at the pool the day of my call after eating in the pool restaurant which is the only one open for lunch, our pool cocktail server (can't rememner her name but she was from Lanai) asked how our afternoon was going. When I mentioned no room service and being in the presidential suite she said had we asked her, she would have hapily delivered to our room as she was "old school" service oriented and believed that the customer should never be told no. I think this is one of the main reasons why this property is a 4 star hotel and no longer rated as 5 stars. At check in we were granted a paid upgrade to The Presidential Suite for all 11 nights.. With taxes it ended up being about $1,800 per nite. Well worth it for a 2,300 sq ft suite that rents for over $6,000 per nite! It is located on the top floor of the atrium tower on the Regency Club floor. The suite is gorgeous. It consists of an entry way with hawaiian antiques, then you step down into the "V" shaped large living room which wraps around the corner of the hotel and provides ocean front views all the way to golf course and west maui mountain views in the rear of the hotel. The living room has a raised bar type table with 4 chairs, 2 large sofas, coffee table,a dining table for 8 as well as the "den" area to the left which has 2 more sofas, coffee table, chairs, large tv, DVD and Bose stereo system. This part of the suite had 5 balconies but unfortunately only 1 of these had and was large enough for chairs! There is a kitchen with full refrigerator freezer, coffeemaker and the necessary appliances and dishes/glasses. No mini bar in suite?? We are not the type to go out and stock your own refrigerator on vacation and would have loved a mini bar in the master bedroom. There was a seperate door to the hall from the kitchen which made it easy for staff when you had room service. Right outside the kitchen in the "den" area there was a door to an adjoining golf-mtv view room in case you wanted to book this as a 2 bedroom suite. Back thru the living room and en route to the master bedroom there is a office area containing a desk with a computer and printer which made it easy for us to check in on our boys at summercamp. There was also a lovely powder room as well as a room with a large daybed, chairs and another large TV and a balcony with 2 teak chairs that they call "the library." This would not work as a 2nd bedroom, except for an infant or small child unless you wanted to share your tub or shower in the master bedroom. The master bedroom was quite large with a seating area, another large tv and then a raised area for the bed. We are very picky about beds and linens and were quite happy with this bed. The master had a large, but very narrow balcony with 2 teak chairs and small coffeetable. My only real complaint here is with a suite of this size, at least one of the balconies should have had a chaise lounge, but alas the balconies are too narrow. Maybe when they decide to do a renovation, they will decrease the size of the library room to make a larger balcony and put in some lounges. From the master bed you stepped up into a hall with 4 closets, then into the center of the master bath which had a nice dressing area with seating. From here if you turned left you had the ladies side of the bathroom with long counter (no granite or marble??) with sink and makeup area . There was a seperate ladies toilet. There was also a 1 person sunken into the floor jacuzzi tub which I only used once because it was a bit scary stepping so far down to get into it or climbing out of it. There were glass shelves above with nice bath products and battery operated candles to create a nice ambiance. Unfortunately the lighting on the ladies side was no where near as bright as on the mens side of the bathroom. The men's side contained another counter and sink, mens private toitet, a small open shower and a nice sauna. For a suite this size, the bathroom is very dated and desperately needs a renovation if it is to rent at anywhere near full price. The shower only had 1 showerhead and someone had cracked parts of the pink marble on the walls/floor and they had used some really bad, mesy caulk to fill it in. Housekeeping was 5 star excellent. Our 2 housekeepers Lucrecia and Elvie were very friendly, always inquiring about our day and exuded the aloha spirit! They noticed the huge flower arrangement my husband had ordered me thru the concierge before we arrived and left us a nice note from them wishing us a Happy Anniversary! It was a very nice touch and one that was most appreciated. We enjoyed the pool area every day and never really had problems finding lounges, even if we arrived after 10:30am. Water was clean and refreshing. Except for 2 days, service was excellent. Being July we had expected to see more families, so the overall quiet was very nice. Unfortunately on a few afternoons toward the end of our stay, the activities staff turned into "cruise directors" and walked around the pool with a small megaphone trying to recruit kids for a 15 minute jump into the pool contest. This contest took place in the deepest area of the pool right by the entrance to the pool restaurant. This area was usually mostly adults who had to move to make way?! Unfortunately we were seated about 4 lounges down from that area one day. We were asked to be judges. I stayed and judged as I was enjoying the sun, my husband bolted for our suite. Afterwards I was given a free drink coupon for my efforts. We learned to sit in other area of the pool for the rest of our stay. A few evenings they put out a large inflatable movie screen in the sand by the kids side of the pool to show "dive-in" movies. We had 2 excellent late diners at Sonz at Swan court. Very nice food, an extensive wine list and excellent service. We watched them turn away many people without reservations. We also enjoyed 2 dinners in their Japanese restaurant, Japengo and 2 dinners sitting at the sushi bar there. We know good fresh fish as one of our best friends is Japanese, owns one of the best sushi places in LA and we have been with him to Tokyo Japan and eaten sushi after the 5am Tsukiji fish market auctions. The sushi was excellent and we really enjoyed talking car racing with all the chefs. We thoroughly enjoyed room service dinner altho the menu is very limited. Umulu, the poolside restaurant was ok, not great for lunch. We only had 1 breakfast there...unfortunately it is cafeteria buffet stlye for breakfast and we both got sick within the hour. Breakfast was included in our room rate but we never went down to Swan court...the lines were too long. We had room service or else went to the regency club lounge and brought it back to our diningroom table. There used to be a lobby bar, but sadly that turned into a take away type coffee and pastry place in the morning. Your only 2 bar options are the poolside Umulu or Japengo, both of which do not have sunset views. Entertainment...If you did not go to the Luau, there was sadly no Hawaiian entertainment. They did have 2 hula dances as well as 2 male dancers come over from the Luau for 2 minutes at sunset to blow the shell signifying sunset. The hotel brought in a college orchestra from LA who entertained poolside in the afternoons and evening. We would sit on our balcony and enjoy the music. They were good but played close to the same set each night. On 2 days they took over 1/5 of the pool area near the bar and restaurant and set up a large stage. They could have set it up mid afternoon so guests would have more space by the pool. The days it was up it was more difficult to find a lounge certain hours. Overall it was a very nice 11 days and we very much enjoyed the presidential suite. Hopefully they will do the much needed bathroom renovation and them we will happily return...even if we have to pay close to the rack rate. Thanks to the staff for their Aloha!