I recently stayed at the Hyatt the first week of Septmember. I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews but overall I really loved this hotel. Check in was easy and Janice was very friendly. They offered cookies and bottles of water along with a shell lei. My luggage was lost so they gave us some toiletries. Room was better than I pictured. Walk in closet, decent sized bathroom. Two big beds and the best part was the VIEW! We had an ocean view and were on the 7th floor. Everyday I looked at palm trees and the ocean. It also overlooked the swan/flamingo garden area. The grounds were really beautiful and well kept. There was a little bit of construction going on, didn't really bother me. If you eat at the little cafe/breakfast bar area near the koi pond some of your view will be obstructed but it didn't stop me from eating there twice. Mostly I ate at the hotel. I loved Umalu, the quesidillas, fish tacos and cobb salad were wonderful! I had the buffet twice at Sonz, it was buy one get one ( I wouldn't have paid full price for it). It was decent. There was an omelet bar, fruits, pastries, and sushi. The firsttime I went was arund 7am and there was hardly any line but when I went at 8am I stood in line for about 25 minutes. I enjoyed the little breakfast bar that I mentioned before. They had starbucks coffee, some pastries, fruit, and breakfast sandwiches. The beach in front of the hotel isn't the best but its fine to wade in. Mostly I walked the 15 minutes or so to whalers village area and the Sheraton(which has the best beach by far!). I never went to the pool (why go when there is the ocean?). It was crowded by 9am and cleared out around 6pm. I originally planned a spa day at the Westin but do to my sunburn I ended up cancelling and instead got a pedicure from Spa Moana (Hyatt). $85 is a little steep for 50 minutes. The foot massage was nice, although it seemed to last about 5 minutes, if that. The view of the water is relaxing and afterward I stayed in the relaxation room for about 15 minutes (water and fruit were offered). I probably wouldn't go back to the spa as it seemed to be the most expensive of all the hotels on Ka'anappali Beach. Upon check out I was overcharged $80 ( a room charge that was not mine). The front desk had to go through all the receipts but the charge was taken off and they were very apologetic. FYI I have noticed that a lot of people are complaining about the $25 a day resort fee. Yes I think it should just be included in the hotel price but its not and every hotel along the beach has the same fee or higher. Overall the view and location were nice. I would stay there again as long as I got the same room.