Okie dokie... I was there with my 8 year old and this is my opinion on my stay here... First the pros - ~ It's a very nice resort, location as far as wanting to explore (via automobile) is wonderful. Very nice room w/ an amazing bed and PILLOWS (some might find that odd, my preoccupation with pillow comfortablity). The room was very clean and the colors the choose to use were very "zen" feeling which makes me feel more at home. ~ The staff was AMAZING. I cannot tell you how pleased I was with them. They were all so wonderful, thank you to each and every one of them! Before I start on the little minor issues, I have one big, huge, complaint I must share and it is the sole reason, I will not stay there again... ~ YOU CAN'T ORDER PIZZA AND HAVE IT DELIVERED ONTO THE PROPERTY. HYATT IS THE ONLY HOTEL ON THE ISLAND THAT DOES NOT ALLOW PIZZA GUYS ON THE PREMISES. You have to go and meet the pizza guy a mile down the road at the entrance. (if you are curious as to why I would need pizza in the first place, please see comment directly below) It still baffles me that you can get a pizza at the Ritz or the Grand Weilia but not the Hyatt, crazy. Cons - ~ I have a very, very PICKY 8 year old when it comes to food (sensory issues, etc)...I tried everything to get him to eat but to no avail. The buffet for us wasn't a very wise choice for us (even with the second person being free) because all he ate was fruit loops, however the buffet was very good for me, especially considering it was "free" but I will tell you right now, DO NOT GET THERE AFTER 7:30AM because the line is AWFUL!!! 6:30-7:10am is the best time. My own friendly suggestion if you get your meal complimentary, just eat and leave, don't just sit and chit-chat and take up space, I felt horrible for all the people waiting in line. I'm not one of those persons that feel I'm justified in taking up space just because I can. Especially if I got the meal for no cost in the first place... ~ The pool was CROWDED! So get up about 6am and reserve a spot. I know this is frowned upon but seriously, you will NOT get a chair otherwise. Be careful though, don't try to reserve it for 3 or 4 hours before you get there, besides that not being very nice, they will move your belongings. ~ The tables at the pool were ALWAYS sticky, everyday. Bring baby wipes or a damp cloth otherwise anything you stick on them with be sticky too. ~ Our room was very nice but we were MILES away from everything! It's a hike, let me tell you, if you'd been meaning to start that exercise routine but never got around to it, ask for the far tower and you'll be all set! ~ The beds were very comfortable but very low to the ground, futon height. So be very aware of your toes, I can't tell you how many times I nailed my toes on the base of the bed. ~ The food was WAY, WAY, WAY expensive. Not entirely their fault I'm sure since it costs considerably more to get things/items to the island but gee-ma-knee, be prepared to cash in your kids college fund. ;) ~ The lobby was extremely small and undersized/understaffed. You'd think with a hotel that massive it would have an entrance to match. ~ The Valet guys were great, expensive but worth it for me. I tipped them 5.00 each pick up and drop off. I thought I was being a cheapO only giving 5.00 but apparently they usually only get 2.00-3.00. :) ~ THERE IS NO BEACH...I read the reviews and I thought it may have been a bit of an exageration but nope, there really isn't any beach. A little to the left and a little more the farther right you go but none in front. I don't personally like spending time on a beach away from my own hotel, Remember that whole sensory issue I was talking about earlier, well I need to be close to the room to help him de-stimulate. ;) - OUR ROOM WAS NEVER CLEANED BEFORE 4pm so any nap time wasn't going to be an option for us..The silly people would clean the vacant rooms before ours, doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Horrible typing cramp...I'll finish my review shortly. ;)