We stayed 2 days at this hotel from a successful bid on Priceline. A bit higher than I would have wanted to pay but I guess it's summer season. Just under $200/per night plus the resort fee. On arrival, my husband tried to find guest parking in the lot closest to the front lobby but ended up parking in the lot on the other end. Parking can be an issue but valet will park your car for you complimentary if you let them know that you were not able to self park. There was a bit of a wait when checking in. They booked us for a partial ocean view room but we wanted a room closer to the pools so in exchange they gave us a resort room with a parking-lot view on the 2nd floor with a $150.00 resort credit that we could use. Not bad! Beds were so comfortable. We all slept early and very well. Bathroom facilities were roomy. Great service. Pools were great. Kids took advantage of the complimentary snuba and snorkeling lessons. Wonderful beach front property. Everything was impeccably clean and you did feel that you were in a 5 star resort hotels because of the small touches: cold towels and pineapple flavoured drinking water in the fitness center with an oceanfront view to boot! Very impressed with Umalu. At first, we thought the prices were exhorbitant, $20.00 for a burger, but when the food was served, we thought it was worth it due to quality and presentation and portions were huge. Can't say the same for Japengo. Very disappointed, $12.00 for a california roll! We expected something better than the normal food court sushi but it was just average. Beautiful grounds with the flamingos,penguins and parrots. They have many free activities that you can avail of. Lei making, hula lessons, resort tour, penguin tour but we only stayed for 2 nights so we weren't able to take advantage of them. They have a screen in the lobby that tells you what activities are available for the whole week, so take note of this. They even had a "dive-in" movie each week where they show a children's movie in the pool area in the evenings. Just be aware that you'll be doing a lot of walking since the hotel complex is huge. Our room was close to the pools which we wanted but the walk to the fitness center was a good 5 minutes.