We stayed at the Hyatt 8 days and overall had a great time. Paid for concierge level, which allows you to avoid the long lines at the breakfast buffet. Also thought we paid for full ocean view, Regency Club Ocean front, but when we got to our room we were on the side of the building opposite the sunset and had to look to our right on the lanai to see the ocean. Being from the midwest and enduring long bleak winters I called the front desk immediately to get this corrected. To me it was troubling that I thought we paid for the best view, yet we still looked mostly at mountains and no sunset (two years ago when we stayed at the Marriott on the Big Island, we got upgraded and got more than we paid for) This was a deal breaker and would have colored my entire vacation. Fortunately, Victoria at the front desk didn't need much convincing and moved us to room 2210, the top floor, almost to the corner room nearest the sunset. That made all the difference. Didn't care about the room size or anything else. It also made us closer to the concierge room, so we didn't have far to walk to pick up our yummy breaksfasts (fruit, breads, cereal, hot egg dish - AWESOME coffee) and bring them back to our room. So I LOVE Victoria - she understands hospitality. Other stuff: was a little taken aback by the african & non-native wildlife & art (parrots, flamingos, etc.) but my 9 year old loved them; I would have preferred more of a hawaiin theme. Umalu's tuna burger without the bun is awesome - great slaw. We were there last week in July and were entertained by a great band several nights of our stay - really added to our vacation. We rented a cabana and were able to reserve the exact spot we wanted - liked that. Liked the Maui Hands gallery in the hotel, and actually liked that there was a Macy's there (small - just beach & swimwear) because I had to buy a cover-up and they had a great selection. Used Camp Hyatt twice and thought it was only okay - asked my daughter what she learned about on Hawaiian Culture day and she said there was nothing about hawaiian culture covered - they just painted on a tile. But at least my husband and I got to go snorkeling during that time. Resort staff was great. Given all that I've written, and we really have great memories from this Hyatt property, but I really liked the beach and snorkeling opportunities up by Black Rock (near Sheraton) and might try the Westin or Sheraton next time (although they each have their issues too.)