We just got back from our family vacation to Maui and stayed at the Hyatt Regency. It was at the top of our budget from our selections.It was definitely beautiful and has so much that warranted the price. I rely heavily on these reviews so I try to post reviews while it's all still fresh in my mind. We travel with our 2 sons, 12 and 16. We enjoy a hotel with nice ammenities and try to be very patient and self sufficient travelers. Driving up to the hotel is a visual treat, beautifully landscaped and overlooks both golf course and beach. The open 'atrium' is lovely and grand. There was a bit of a wait for check in but they were friendly and helpful. There is some construction on site but I felt it was minimally invasive and kind of expect that most resorts have a little touch up going on most of the time. The walk from the desk to our elevator passes through a nice selection of stores, jewelry, Macy's, linens, clothing, etc. I didn't spend much time shopping but one could make an afternoon of visiting the various stores and galleries on the premises. We all shared a room with an ocean view and for a fairly standard room, I appreciated the layout. The bathroom area had a separating wall from the bedroom area making it much more convenient for changing clothes and made it feel like much more space. They stocked the bathrooms with generous sizes of shampoos and lotions which were nicer than your standard hotel products. They were replaced several times over our week's stay. The view was breathtaking and we enjoyed a glass of wine each evening watching the sun set over the ocean from the balcony. The beds were platform beds, sitting low to the ground and weren't amazingly comfortable, like I have come to expect at a Hyatt. Not horrible, just not that .....ahhhhh factor. The grounds are spectacular. My youngest loved taking close up pictures of the swans, flamingos and other wild life on the grounds. We dined at the Swan's buffet each morning and the selections were good with made to order eggs. It was a treat to eat in the open air overlooking the ponds, waterfalls, and beach. There were a lot of birds that flew in and were little thieves. The waiters worked constantly to be sure there were no unattended plates for them to feed on but they were still fairly rampant. It was a small price to pay to have the beautiful open feeling. There was typically a long line between about 8:30 - 10:00 each morning but the lines moved very quickly and there never seemed to be a dip in the buffet due to crowds. We did not dine at any of the other restaurants. The beach is a bit rough and not as clear as the Black Rock area but we had fun with the body boards as the waves were pretty decent. The pool area is very nice but the other reviewers are correct in saying getting a chair could be a challenge and getting the cocktails server's attention was difficult. I celebrated my birthday while at the Hyatt and my husband treated me to a few services at the spa. My scrub/wrap with Jewelie was wonderful, she was warm and professional (making it much more comfortable when you're in such a 'vulnerable' :) state), my massage with Alexa (oh darn, I'm thinking that's not right on the name but I'm sure it starts with an A) gave me one of the best massages I've ever had. Again, the perfect professional. Then my facial....I won't give names here but what a let down. The esthetician talked non stop (about herself) and the facial itself was very basic and rushed feeling....what you'd expect from someone right out of school with the standard massage manipulations. She taught dance and kept commenting on how hot she was for a woman of her age. I found it odd and not the least bit relaxing. I thought maybe I was being too hard on her but overheard another client saying basically the same thing the next day at the pool. I may be a bit picky here but I managed a day spa for 5 years and for spending $130 for a standard 50 minute facial, I felt like it was something I could have received at an esthetician school. The workout area was nicely stocked was not overly crowded the one time I visited. Housekeeping was a bit slow to get to us and we had to call one of the nights to get the room serviced. Not a huge hiccup but it would have been nice to return from our day at the beach to the room being clean and it rarely was until after dinner. There is free parking in the back , a really nice feature. They also have a luau there and the visitors use that parking so you needed to valet at night......nice touch since they don't charge you for it when you are unable to park in the lot. Overall, a lovely hotel with gorgeous grounds and beautiful views.