Visted for one week, beautiful property with lush gardens. Rooms were clean and well maintained, but a bit small. Hotel itself is dated, but there clearly has been an effort to re-invest and stay true to the Hyatt standards. The pool area is great for kids, and you better like kids as there were many. If serenity is what you seek, best to avoid during school vacations. Also, the one hot tub, and it is a very nice hot tub, was always occupied by parents and their babies. Having raised my own children, I'm not sure I understand why anyone would put their babies in 104 dregree water! We passed on the diaper soup. Lots of the usual chair hogging going on with towels placed on pool lounges and not occupied. But, good for the Hyatt, they enforced their 60 minute unoccupied rule well. My only complaint is the pool area is not large enough to accomodate sufficient chairs for all guests. Shade and poolside were at a premium. Other hotels we visited along the breach appeared to have larger poolside areas. Highly recommend the cabana chairs along the beach. $50 for the day gets you a reserved beach side spot, great service, shade and soft recliners. Japango restaurant is great for sushi, Swan restaraunt has an excellent breakfast buffet. The beach area quite narrow and a bit steep. You need to be careful swimming as there is a reef and lots of rock just a few feet off shore. But this also means pretty good snorkeling and good surf. Bring water shoes. If you want your room cleaned early, you need to let the hotel know, otherwise you may find it not done before 3PM. I give 5 stars for service. Everyone was friendly and had the "aloha" spirit. Value gets a 3, only because there are better properties at this price. Sleep quality a 4. It was great, just not perfect. No hotel gets a 5 from me for this because, well it's a hotel and there will always be someone making a noise in the hall late at night. Cleanliness a 4. Hall carpeting needs to be replaced and the shower curtain had a mildew smell. This is pretty minor though, but doesn't earn a 5. Restaurants 5. Great food a fair price. Spa is excellent 5.