We booked the Hyatt Regency Maui because of the all inclusive value through Costco Travel. Seems most people are here on a package so explore your options. Room: We upgraded our package in advance to a Deluxe Oceanfront Room. Our particular room was on the very end about as close as any room to the beach, so a very good location and view also with a balcony with seating for two. Average size room and small bathroom. The room was in good condition and comfortable from the soft renovation but you will notice some things are dated such as the popcorn ceilings and old fixtures. Parking: We utilized valet on a couple of nights when self parking was full and there is no charge. Avoid parking in the Napili Tower self parking (first self parking as you drive in). The spaces are so small it seems they were made for compact only and it is always full. If you do park there, expect some scratches on your car. Use the Lahaina Tower self parking lot if you are on that side of the resort. The spaces are much larger and it is overall less crowded. Too bad I only figured this out on the last night of our stay! Contrary to other reviewers who had billing issues, we had no issues at all. Seems they have that process figured out. Restaurants: Japango was excellent! Umalu at the pool was very good as well for a casual option at all times of the day and service very good. Don't miss happy hour 4-6 and again at 10pm! The breakfast buffet: Yes, there is always a line but it typically moves very quickly so be patient (9 - 9:30 seemed to be the worst time). As an option, the resort lets you eat at Umalu if you don't want to wait in line. We didn't do this as we liked the food/selection very much at the buffet. Don't go here if it is not included in your package. Way to expensive. The birds flying around the restaurant were cute on the first day but after 6 days it was quite annoying. Pool/Beach: We didn't spend much day time at the pool. The pool is 24 hours, which was very nice and we did utilize it at night. People put their towels down and leave so all the good seats are taken early. There is supposed to be a 60 minute limit on your chair being empty but I could not tell that it was enforced. We opted to pay $50 one day for a cabana on the grass/beach and so glad we did! Happened to be cabana 26 and the beach in that section was very nice for swimming. Check In - Victoria was exceptional Concierge (Expedia Travel) - Dan was exceptional Check Out - Our bill was perfect the first time around! Overall, all of the staff at this resort were very friendly and helpful!