My husband and I were in Maui on our honeymoon the last week of June. Our travel agent booked us a partial ocean view room because she said it is very common to get an upgrade to ocean front on your honeymoon. This was not the case for us and our view from room 2001 (main tower) wasn't anything special. The room itself seemed great at first glance - sitting area with a couch, table & chairs, flat-screen tv, duvet cover on bed, refrigerator, etc. But once we looked closely, there were stains on the countertops & mirrors, there was a substantial gap under the door which was weird since nobody else seemed to have a big gap. When I called the front desk to ask why we didn't have a weather strip under our door when everyone else seemed to have one - they told me to shove towels under the crack so insects, etc. won't crawl into our room. My husband was disgusted that the front desk told me to shove towels under the door rather than fixing the situation by installing a weather strip everyone else had. When he confronted the front desk, they offered to fix it the next day, and gave us a $50 credit for lunch by the pool. We actually couldn't open our door wall and let the breeze come through the room UNLESS we shoved towels under the door - because the door would bang loudly. Very frustrating. In addition to the problem with the door, our refrigerator was broken. After arguing back and forth with the girl at the front desk about it being broken (she insisted that we hit the cool down button too many times), we finally had someone come up to confirm what we already knew - it was broken!!!! Then, after making many calls, they decided to have someone remove the stuff from our mini bar refrigerator so we can use that one. Turns out the mini bar will lock you out after a certain period of time, so after loading our groceries inside it we had to wait the next day (for about 30 minutes) for a maintenance guy to unlock our own fridge so we could get it all out. UGH!!!!! WE ARE ON OUR HONEYMOON!!!! Talk about being inconvenienced! We should have complained about the refrigerator but it was our honeymoon and we didn't want to concentrate on the negatives especially after having an amazing time in Kauai & in Oahu before arriving in Maui. The grounds were beautiful. The breakfast buffet was AWESOME. We were very happy that we booked the package that included breakfast. The beach in front of the hotel seemed too rocky for us. We just walked down towards the Marriott (right at the edge of the Hyatt property), laid our blankets down on the grassy area and swam there. It worked great for us. We brought our cooler there since it wasn't part of the Hyatt waitstaff area. The food in Maui wasn't as good as Kauai or Oahu but we had our best meal at Roy's in Maui. Leilani's was horrible. The fish was hard as a rock! The Old Lahaina Luau was fantastic but the food wasn't anything to write home about. Sansei Sushi near the Ritz was AWESOME and they have great deals on sushi on Friday nights I believe. Check out their website before going. Can't wait to go back to Hawaii... Kauai and Kona will be first on our list!!!!