I stayed here in June, 2011 with my wife and 3-year-old son. My parents were also staying at this property during all but 1 night of our stay and Jeff at check-in was extremely helpful and went out of his way to get us connecting Oceanfront Club rooms, which we greatly appreciated. I had remembered his name from TripAdvisor when we checked in and was relieved when he was the one that assisted us. The ladies working in the Regency Club was very friendly as well and always remembered my son's name when we went in there for snacks. The Regency Club breakfast was as good as the overpriced buffet, although since the buffet was included in our room rate we felt like we needed to eat it every day. The food at the breakfast buffet was mediocre at best and if it wouldn't have been included in our room rate, we would not have eaten it more than the first day. Our son normally loves pancakes and sausage but wouldn't touch the rubber pancakes and pink-tinged sausage on the buffet. Swan Court is truly straight ouf of a scene from "The Birds," where if you leave the table for a second, the birds gobble up any bread products left on the plate (However, they too stay away from the pancakes/sausage)! We checked out on Father' s Day and the birds were sure to give my Dad a "present" down his back - assumingly from a bird who sampled the sausage. The pool area was very nice with the waterfalls, basketball hoop, and water slide. Our son just loved the kid's slide. Keith the lifeguard was great and talked with the kids all the time. The rest of the guards were more or less like sleeping mimes. The hotel looks slightly dated but the grounds are actually quite nice and the view from our room was wonderful. If you want the view, be sure to book an Oceanfront Club room (highest 2 floors looking straight out to the ocean/island of Lanai). We rented 2 cabanas one day and although we had them from 8-5, it wasn't "prepared" until close to 10:00 and Camp Hyatt decided to do what looked like an archeological dig directly in front of us for an hour on the beach. I'm assuming they didn't find much! My dad and I got in the ocean for a couple hours. This was not a great area for swimming, as the ocean floor ceased to be sand once you got more than 10 feet from the shore. It felt more like a mixture of extremely sharp coral and volcanic rock. Overall, we got lots of wonderful pictures and enjoyed our stay here. We didn't eat at the other hotel restaurants but you're a short drive to Lahaina or walk to Whaler's Village, where there's plenty to do. We golfed at Kapalua Bay and it was awesome as always and was in much better shape than the one right next to the Hyatt. We also rode the Sugar Cane Trane in Lahaina and our son enjoyed it. The prices of everything were of course fairly outrageous but that was to be expected. The $25 resort fee should really be tacked on to the room rate if the hotel needs it that badly because otherwise the guests definitely feel ripped off. The Wi-Fi was at least 10 times slower than the Internet on my cell phone but I didn't need it anyway. Due to the prime location, kid's pool area, and for the most part the very helpful and friendly staff, I would recommend this hotel to families traveling with children.