The Hyatt Maui is a beautiful hotel. The grounds are gorgeous. Fresh flowers. Interesting sculptures. Penguins! Swans! It looks exactly what you would expect from a Maui hotel. It is located near Lahaina which has lots of restaurants and shopping. My room was nice, but not extraordinary. There is a daily resort fee of $25 which is pretty standard at resort hotels, but I was very annoyed that you have to pay $$$ for using the business center internet. They do have free WiFi in the room, but I didn't bring my laptop. Shouldn't this be included in the resort fee? I think so. After the 1st day, I found out that in the town of Lahaina, there are some very cheap internet cafes. Much better deal even including the high end cost of gas in Maui. The hotel has several restaurants, but no quick sandwich place. There are 2 sundry stores that carry snacks and souveniers. Umalu is the more casual restaurant on the property and it has a great location where you are outside overlooking the ocean. The food is good though a little expensive. Walking distance from the hotel (about 10 minutes) is Whaler's Village shopping center which has several good restaurants. I particularly liked Hula Grill. I worked with the concierge (Jiang) on some activities. She planned some very good excursions. Snorkeling with the non-profit Pacific Whale group was excellent. Molikini and Turtle Bay. Saw lots of tropical fish and sea turtles. They were very helpful to a novice snorkler. The Road to Hana trip with Valley Isle Excursions with Tim as the driver/tour guide was awesome. There were 11 people in the group, so not too big. Tim was full of interesting information and clearly enjoyed being with the group. He showed everyone the best photo ops and took pictures of anyone who wanted to have photos taken. The drive is long and stressful and I'd definitely recommend taking the tour instead of doing the drive. I used Polynesian Adventure for a drive to Mt Haleakala for sunrise. This particular tour I would not recommend. The driver drove well and had lots of information, but was the single most boring, monotone guide I have ever had. It didn't help that it was rainy & cold and we didn't see the sunrise, but if the guide were entertaining, at least that would have eased the pain. Overall, the Hyatt Regency is a good choice when visiting Maui.