We stayed at this hotel during the begging of the summer time, I think in June but not sure of the exact date. This is traditionally one of the busiest times for Maui visitors and during our stay the hotel was packed, as were all the hotels there. We traveled with business associates and our families of young kids. We each stayed in Ocean View rooms with a King bed. The rooms were large with pull out "bed' couches in each living room. They felt like mini suites. The view was really only from the balcony but when you were out there it was dead ahead and beautiful. However, the hotel is very large and the property on which it is situated has expansive grounds so the ocean is actually pretty far from the hotel rooms in most cases. So, I like to break it down into The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly. So away we go... The Good The rooms we stayed in were clean, smelled clean (important to me as many hotel rooms smell musty or moldy) well furnished and spacious. The room looked recently refurbished, it had nice dark wood floors and plantation shutters that opened up to the Lani. The rooms also had lovely bathrooms. Even though this is called an Ocean view King room, it was very large with a living area. The "Ocean View" is really when you are on the balcony and not to visible from the room. This was fine for us as we were not spending a lot of time in the room. However, be cautious of this because if you are sitting in the room or on the bed their really isn't much of a view. The hotel had plenty of decent restaurants but all were very crowded and service was hit and miss. The cleaning staff, bell service, concierge, etc. all was average as far as service. The Bad If you only travel to Hawaii occasionally you might want to avoid the "peak' months for a hotel such as this one. You have to consider how many rooms they have here and when it is sold out or nearly sold out how many people will be sharing the common areas, such as the beach and the pools. The place place was uncomfortable to me with so many people. The pool was a mess. It actually gave me anxiety to be there. The Ugly OK.. the pool architecture looks really cool with the man made rocks, caves and waterfalls, but send a group of little kids in there and you are asking for trouble . It's hard to keep track of where they are. They get lost fast and the "caves" have slippery, slimy floors that little kids can easily fall on. Mine fell multiple times. I think it would be perfect for the preteens and teens . They all seemed to be having a ball. The kiddie area of the pool. called the Keiki Lagoon ( age 5 and under crowd), again, looks really cool, as it is shallow and has sand like a beach that leads into the pool area. This part of the pool was so over crowded with diaper wearers and the water was really too warm to be comfortable which leads me to the "yucky" part. Here it is ... there are hundreds of people at the pool, and the bathroom, in the cave near the pool is almost always empty or nearly empty. Do I need to explain more? I think not. Hectic is the word I would use to describe the pool scene at the hotel. Another factor for over crowding I believe is that many people walking by on the path from nearby hotels spot the pool and just "crash' it even though they are not guests. There are "guest room police" constantly monitoring the situation, but in the baby pool it was ridiculous. Too many people! And do you want to wait in line everyday for your wrist band to prove you are a guest? I think they have to pool to close to public access, but you can't really move a pool very easily so I suppose that problem is not going to go away. Conclusion: In defense of the hotel, all of the hotels along this strip seem to have the same issues with crowds . We had lunch at the neighboring hotels and it was ditto for the scene. This hotel however seems to have the best pool, with the "cave" bar, waterfalls, and the huge water slide(s) . I plan to bring my kids back to this hotel when they are in the preteen years. I'll grin and bear the crowds, or most likely come back in off season. Also, as far as hotels in Kaanapali area, as apposed to Waliea. I think this is one of the nicest hotels in Kaanapali. Kaanapali has a lot of stuff to do, Waliea, is more quiet and less crowded but is much more expensive. Kaanapali probably makes more sense for most familes. If you do go to Waliea everything, and I mean everthing costs more. So your trip ends up costing a lot more. Could be nearly doulble the price or more, for many things like restaurants, sundries, etc.. If you thought this review was helpful you might want to check out my other reviews. I have reviewed numerous hotels on several Hawaiian Islands and I am always checking out new places all the time. Thank you!