My husband and I stayed here the first week of January for seven nights, partially on points and partially paid. As Diamond Passport, we were assigned an ocean front room with Regency Club access, but not on the Regency Club floors. We have stayed at this property many times in the past eighteen years and can say that we can rely on the fact that our experience at this resort to be much the same every time. The Hyatt Regency Maui may be a four-star rated property, but it is definitely not in the same class as the Ritz Carlton in Kapalua or the Four Seasons, Grand Wailea or Fairmont Kea Lani, all in the southern area of Maui which has a totatlly different aura from the Lahaina and Ka'anapali areas. The Pros: Great location in Ka'anapali, minutes walking to Whaler's Village, minutes driving to Lahaina. There is plenty of activity in this area including shopping, water activities, and restaurants that run the gamut from cheap and authentic to moderate and delicious to very expensive and overrated. The hotel itself was built in the 80s, but the property and grounds are pristine. The pool complex has everything to satisfy the entire family, from waterfalls to waterslides, to a grotto bar. The penguins, parrots, swans and ducks that grace the property are entertaining and make the HR Maui feel very tropical. Rooms are tastefully decorated from a fairly recent remodel and have flat-screen TVs. Beds are extremely comfortable. Service is efficient and friendly from check-in to check-out, but not over the top. Dining options have actually gotten better recently with the addition of Japengo (Pacific Rim) where the old Cascades was located. The space is beautiful with indoor and outdoor dining options, an outdoor bar an indoor sushi bar. Our food there was superb although service was a little slow, but I won't complain because they did not rush us and that seems to be the norm more than the exception at many restaurants these days. Umalu is another nice outdoor dining option. We had lunch here quite a few times. Food is good, but definitely on the pricey side for what you receive. Son'z at Swan Court was a great dinner experience and we highly recommend it for not only the food, but the service and atmosphere. It is now part of the same group that owns Nick's Fishmarket at the Kea Lani and Sorrento's. We had the breakfast buffet included in two of our paid nights. If you can get breakfast included, it is worth it if you are big breakfast eaters . . . there is plenty of variety, eggs made to order, an abundance of pastries, fruit and other hot items. Plus, the coffee is delicious! If you can upgrade to Regency Club, it is so worth it. Everyone who works in the club has the true Aloha spirit. It is probably the main reason we come back to the Hyatt Regency Maui so often. Even in the Regency Club, the breakfast and appetizer selections have improved greatly from a couple of years ago. One thing to note, however, is that alcoholic drinks are not included . . . The Regency Club was also recently remodeled. It is quite different from the RC of days gone by with its old-style Hawaiian feel. Now, it is ultra modern with more communal areas to eat and mix with other guests. Jury is still out on this one . . . The Cons: No leis at check-in. I don't know if they just overlooked us, but the couple who checked in prior to us got lei'd. The resort fee. Like other posters, I'd rather not feel nickel and dimed. Why not just include it in the rate? Towel Cards. It seems like everyone handing out towels has a different policy. Sometimes it is one towel per card, and sometimes they give you as many as you want. And the wristband - who wants a tan line on your wrist? Pool lounges. The first two days the place was mobbed. We had to get down to the pool by 7 am to claim chairs. The towel desk does not open until 7:30. We learned to hang on to two towels everyday until the end of the trip so that we could put them out early and go have breakfast. I also didn't see much monitoring except the first two days. Umbrellas. My biggest pet peeve. They used to have chairs with their own umbrella-like tops lining the outer parts of the pool and many moveable umbrellas that you could put up and down on your own. Now . . . fixed Palapas (stationary thatched umbrellas that don't tilt and you can't put them up or down). And there are not many of them . . . so shade is at a premium! Evening entertainment. From our main tower room we could hear the nightly entertainment until about 9 pm every night. Not great if you want to sit out on the patio and relax and listen to the surf or carry on a conversation. We could even hear the music over our TV. In general, we can always rely on the Hyatt Regency Maui to provide great service, beautiful atmosphere and comfortable surroundings. This trip was no different. We enjoyed every moment and look forward to going back.