My family just returned from 10 days at the Hyatt Regency Resort on Maui. The trip was one of the best we have ever been on. However, it was not because of the hotel. The Hyatt was fine, but for $500 a night I expect better than fine. I understand that Hawaii is expensive but I have stayed in many beach front Caribbean hotels for the same price and have never felt so "nickeled and dimed". There is that wonderful(?) resort fee of $25 which I find insulting. Just put the fee in the price of the room. It is taxed the same as everthing else, you have no choice but to pay it and it covers things like internet and the workout room. Standards these days. We had one front beach room and 2 partial beach view rooms. The rooms are clean, small, generic rooms with tiny bathrooms. The balcony was big enough for 2 chairs and a triangle table. Not much more. A positive was that they were quite sound proof so we did not hear out neighbors' conversations. Lots of pillows and the bed is fine. The housekeeping staff came at odd times of the day to clean so you never knew if the room would be freshened up when you returned at 11 or 4. The hotel promotes green living but the housekeeping staff still takes all the wet towels everyday even if you hang them so they won't. One morning my daughter was woken at 8am by housekeeping wanting to clean her room. Our AC was very noisy and maintenance came right a way and fixed it. They are so concerned about the minbar that the snacks sit on a pressurized tray and if you pick something up for more than 10 seconds it is automatically charged to your room! Guess I haven't stayed in a chain hotel in a while. The food in the restaurants was quite good. The waitstaff attentive and friendly. Drinks are very expensive and happy hour only discounts 1 beer and the mai tais (which actually came in a smaller glass so not really a bargain). The pool is large and never very busy. Guests have a habit of reserving lounge chairs with their belongings very early in the morning and then not using them til midday. The pool staff will go around and put timed notes on chairs around 10am. If the chair is not occupied in a hour they pick up the towels and belongings and keep them behind the counter. This seems very fair. I booked several day trips before we arrived through the congierge and everything was correct when we showed up. Big plus. 2 people in our party played golf at the Ka'anapli North Course which the hotel will take you to in a golf cart. Unfortunately, they did not feel it was a priority to pick them up after. After the golf course called 4 times, and waiting over a half hour, the men walked, with golf clubs, back to the hotel. The grounds are beautiful and clean. The Hyatt has several exotic birds that sit out in the fresh air daily. The view across to Lanai is lovely. Beach in front of the hotel is narrow but opens up wide in front of the Westin and Marriott. Surf is a little too rough for small kids. There is a walking path in front of all the hotels which ends at Black Rock and the Whalers Shopping area. There are several good restaurants and bars with live music. We went to the Hyatt Luau one evening and had a fun time. The show is entertaining and professional. Overall we enjoyed ourselves completely. We just felt that the hotel never gave anything extra to the guests.