Stayed for 6 nights in December 2010. The resort is nice with very friendly service, but the rooms are dated even after the renovation. However, it's clean and safe. They just need to replace some of the old furnitures and update the carpet and apply a new coat of paint. The appliances and bathroom needs major upgrade. The building looks very 80ish from outside and inside. The landscape is beautiful. Prices are fair since everything in Maui is overpriced anyway. The food is not bad, but needs to be more creative with the breakfast. It's exactly the same everyday and when you're paying $34 per person, you expect the menu to be a bit more refreshing. The room has a large wide flatscreen TV with internet access. We got the deluxe full frontal ocean view room. It's nice and clean, but agree with others that the bathroom is small and needs some major plumbing upgrade. There's no hot water at all. It's only luke warm or sometimes it suddenly turns cold. Complained about this and they send someone to look at it, but the problem couldn't be fixed immediately since it involves major overhaul of the boiler to keep up with the demand. Fortunately, Hawaii is warm enough to take cold shower, but this is unacceptable considering it's a Catagory 6 Hyatt. It has a very dated look The people there are very friendly, which did compensate for some of the poor quality and condition of the hotel. The hotel is large, almost Vegas style large but without the bling. The beach is alright, kinda small. Sands not very white and water not too clear. Another problem there is parking. The front lot is small and gets full very quickly, so you'll have to try the rear parking lot. The parking spaces are tight too, making it easy to get your rental dinged or scratched. Overall, we still had a good time and would definitely do business with Hyatt. They still offer great value with above average quality and service than many others. Hopefully the next time I return, they'll have updated and better maintain the place. During our stay, they were getting ready for the grand opening of Jepengo, so we didn't get to try it. However we did eat at Son'z at Swan Court and it was very nice and food was great.