Overall, my husband & I were very impressed & pleased with our recent stay at the Hyatt. Every single staff person we spoke to was extremely friendly & helpful. We had a partial oceanview room, and spent hours on our balcony having drinks, talking, reading & relaxing. The luau was a fantastic experience with great entertainment and great food - I'm a vegetarian, and there were a decent number of non-meat options, and my meat-eating husband loved the seafood, shoyu chicken and kalua pig. I would recommend getting the VIP tickets to the luau, as you get to sit up-front near the stage & get to eat first! The grounds and pool were beautiful & immaculate, and the room was very nice & comfortable (though the air conditioning could get loud once it hit to 70 degrees or lower, not a big deal...we just kept the room temp at 71 degrees!), the on-premises restaurant Umalu served great food in a casual environment near the ocean. I got a veggie burger & onion rings, and my husband scarfed down his fish tacos! They also have a gym open 24 hrs and a choice of valet or free self-parking. The concierge staff were also very helpful in booking activities for us (kite-surfing, whale-watching & a sunrise bike ride down Haleakala) and recommending delicious nearby restaurants that were off-premises. We also took advantage of & highly enjoyed the progressive martini happy hour! Our visit went very smoothly, from check-in to check-out. The only suggestions I would have are for the concierge when booking kite-surfing lessons. We only had one day to do this, at a cost of $300. When we got to the company that gave the lessons, we discovered that at least 3 lessons are needed before you can even get on the board, and we didn't have the extra days to take multiple lessons, so it would have saved us time & money had we known this. I don't fault the concierge, as I don't think he knew, but something to be aware of in the future. Also, there are a number of penguins in a little pond near the lobby. While I fully recognize that many guests probably loved seeing the penguins, as an animal lover, it made me sad that they were confined to a little space, when their natural setting would be the open ocean. I hope that management considers releasing them to their natural environment in the near future.