My husband and I spent 6 nights at the Hyatt Resort and Spa Maui on the second leg of our first trip to Hawaii. The hotel is absolutely beautiful - an open air lobby and atrium and gorgeous grounds, including a beautiful Japanese garden complete with swans, flamingos and koi. Our oceanfront room had stunning views of Lanai, the beach, the pool and the West Maui Mountains. The room was very large, very clean and nicely decorated. There was a good sized dressing area as well. Service at the hotel was OK. Prior to coming to Maui, we had spent 5 nights at the Hyatt Waikiki and the service there was outstanding. We booked through Costco and got an outstanding package which included breakfast. The Swan Court restaurant where we ate breakfast every day (there's also a buffet at the Umalu Restaurant next to the pool (without an omelet station) is beautiful - open to the pond and the Japanese garden. Breakfast was good, but dishes rarely changed from day to day. At night, the restaurant becomes Son'z at The Swan Court - a fine dining restaurant. We had our anniversary dinner there. Service was so-so, but the food was very good and they have an extensive wine list. However, despite the fact that they had asked on the phone if it was a special occasion and I told them that it was our 25th wedding anniversary, other than wishing us a "Happy Anniversary" when we came in, they did nothing for us and I found that disappointing. We also ate a few meals at Umalu, the poolside restaurant. The food is expensive and just O.K. The hotel sits on Ka'anapali Beach, but on a very narrow strip. If you're a beach person like I am, this was disappointing. There's one wide spot down near the spa at the far end of the hotel but it's away from the bar, market and restrooms, and you don't find people sitting there. There are two pools - one especially for children. The main pool is very large and there are plenty of lounge chairs. Access to the shallow end is under the grotto - a very bizarre layout. And the last step into the pool is much steeper than the others - not a good access. My husband and I loved the massages we had at the spa - it's a very luxurious facility. The hotel has a luau (every night, I believe) and the luau was fantastic - great food and terrific entertainment. Cirque Polynesia (not affiliated with Cirque de Soleil) is also on the Hyatt grounds, and we enjoyed the show (despite the rain). There are very nice shops in the hotel, including a mini Macy's with great resort wear departments for men and women. Whalers Village, a shopping complex with several restaurants in all price ranges, is a short walk (about 15 minutes) down the beach walkway. And if you have a car, it's a 10 minute ride to the town of Lahaina, where there are lots of restaurants and shopping.