My new husband and I have never traveled to Hawaii and couldn't wait to see what it was all about. After reading reviews on here and speaking to others we decided on the Hyatt Regency Maui for our stay on this island. After booking it, about a month prior to our trip we heard horror stories about children running around and as a result having the setting become less romantic. However, my husband and I barely noticed any children there then what would be expected at the end of September. Upon check in we were greated with a shell lei, mini photo album (which made my day), and a cool drink. Our room was beautiful but less then what we expected for our honeymoon. We stayed in the Partial Ocean view room and although everything was very clean, comfortable bed and sheets, and great view, the room itself couldn't hurt from a little upgrading. My husband and I however did appcreciate the in-room safe as well as the empty fridge that could be used. While there we only had the options of eating at umalu and swan court (sonz) due to construction and a recent closure of the Italian restaurant downstairs. However, umalu had amazing food and dinner at sonz was also amazing. Breakfast at swan, although plentyful and fresh, was occasionally ruined by the mass amount of birds that flew through the room. If you left your food for a second their would be at least 15 birds ON your plate. It did bother me that the staff was not the fastest in cleaning up after guests since this didn't help the bird problem. The buffet was included in our package so I can't complain that much. Food was very good overall. The luau at Hyatt was also a very good time and food was great. I was expecting there to be a long wait for food but they had several different stations set up so everyone was fed in a timely matter. The pool was great, but the ocean was a bit "eh". The beach (if you want to call it that) at the Hyatt isn't one where you can lay out on due to shallow rocks. You have to walk a good 10minutes down the path to reach the part of the ocean where you can enter the sea. It was nice how convienent other restaurants were to the Hyatt as well as shopping areas such as Whalers Village. My husband and I used several services at the spa which was a very nice treat. All the staff were very friendly throughout the entire experience. Beware though, try not to forget anything in your room b/c it's a trek back from the main part of the hotel. The parking situation also is NOT the best. However, if there are no self-parking spots available they will valet your car for free.