We checked in September 27th and out October 4th. First off the minute you pull up everyone there is very helpful. I will say they will nickel and dime you death if you let them. They place a $100 hold on your credit card each day, you can ask however to have this lowered to whatever you can afford. The resort does have $25 per day fee which does suck since it was $15. Every room has a snack tray that is weighted so if you eat anything or move it, it automatically charges your room. Make sure you get a print out of your statement we did have a lot of charges that were not correct. This is the only negative thing I can say about the Hyatt. However I would almost guarantee that all the other hotels are comparable to the fees here. The hotel is very cozy and beautiful, the grounds are gorgeous there are tons of shops inside, birds, flamingos, penguins, bars lots of private sitting areas around tiki torches and firepits. Breakfast is very expensive so I suggest tring to get this included other wise it will cost $60.31 however it is delicious. There are a ton birds that are flying in and out of the breakfast area but we never once had a bird land on our table, where you eat breakfast at half of the room is open to the outside, remember youre on an island. Anytime you eat outside anywhere you run the risk of a fly or bird landing on your table. We did the luau here which is called the Drums of the Pacific, and it was very good and there was tons of food and an open bar. The food tasted fine, we literally heard no one complain about it. I will say if you think you are going to get full on seafood here forget it. Hawaii apparently has a great deal of respect for there marine life so they only fish for specific fish each season so nothing gets over fished or endangered. Right now the only fresh fish the restaraunts serve is Mahi Mahi and Ahi. Drinks are very expensive at the Hyatt, like $12-$17 each they do have a happy hour and Martini specials though. We ended up going to the gas station and buying beer and vodka and hid it in our beach bag then added it to out orange juice. We did suspect that Maui would be expensive but we didnt realiaze how expensive, you can hardly do anything here for under $200 by the time tax is added in. If you plan on doing the Road to Hana you might wait if you plan to see waterfalls. Maui has not had much rain so majority of the waterfalls are dried up we did see a few but they were weak. If you do decide to do the Road to Hana we suggest taking a tour van, the road is extremely dangerous to drive youre up about 2500 feet and the road is very narrow with no gurad rails toward the end. So if you both want to enjoy it and take pictures you need to do the the tour other wise the driver will not see everything because you have to watch the road and drive very careful. We also did a dinner cruise with the Pacific Whale foundation and that was very nice. Definentley do Front st in Lahaina its a lot of fun, tons of shopping and cool places to eat right on the water. The beach at the hotel is practically washed away, we also went up a few hotels, however it was not much better, the tides come in very far everywhere. I really think with in a few years hardly any of the hotels will have much a beach, you could definently never lay a towel out on any of the beaches we saw. All in all our trip was great Maui is so beautiful, expensive but something everyone should experience. We do plan on returning and would gladly return to the hyatt. I would just remind your self if you plan on going here or any where in Maui that you have picked one of the most expensive islands to visit, so go with an open mind and dont be suprised by the costs of things here.