Having just been here for a week on the Cost-co special, I can say that most everything reported on this board is true. TripAdvisor vacationers are on the mark. I wont repeat what has been said alreadywill try to add new ideas/tips. The Hyatt resort is really kid friendly and great. Kids will not be disappointed. The water slides are fantastic and the hotel meals were delicious. My disappointment was with United (no food on the flight  buy it extra) and no luggage included (buy extra). United was courteous to give us a voucher for $250 for our NEXT flight, but we wont be going with them again. Cost-co offered a crazy special for this hotel, under $800 pp and mostly inclusive from LAX. It included a rental car, Hyatt 6 nights, and a ton of extras. Some we used more than others. We did not attend the hula or the cirque show 2 for 1, as previous attendees were disappointed. We did use the Ullu bottomless cups and most of the food we ate for lunch and dinner were charged to our room, and then removed with the $150 voucher at the end of the stay. That was quite a savings with kids eating free, so a lot of meals were included. You have to really watch the Hyatt and your charge card. Upon check out, we noticed several charged that were supposed to be free. Breakfast was included in our package, but they charged us for the kids (kids that eat free) each morning. Thanks to TripAdvisor, I was tipped off beforehand, and asked for a hotel statement the day before we checked out, so I could review the charges, and battle day before leaving. Hyatt Parking: with the huge group from the Cost-co special, there was little free parking, and no parking one night we returned back to the hotel late. When we asked at Valet, the nice guy said just this once Ill let you slide  just one night and so we did Valet that night with him. Surprise: That night valet charge ended up on the Hyatt statement tooit was taken off after we asked him about it again. At check out, we only used $120 of the $150 free credit, so we ended up w/ a $30 left over, so we went to Macys and tried to use it on some clothesbut no, it wouldnt work there. Macys doesnt count toward the credit, so I went to the weekend store and got a summer blue Hyatt bag $29. We liked parasailing with UFO parasail boat. They were very good. At 8 am, while walking to rent the snorkel equipment, we came across the beginning of the roasting of the pig for the Hyatt Luau that night. We found it quite interesting. First they heat the rocks, then put the pig on, then cover him w/ leaves, a wet white cloth, and then the dirt. Not something you see every day. We enjoyed lunch at the barefoot bar on the beach (toes in the sand) just north of the Hyatt and enjoyed the Maui Ocean Center aquarium near the airport. No big whales or dolphins, but it was one of the best weve seen. A diver goes in the tank 3 times a day to swim w/ the hammerhead sharks in a huge tank. Very entertaining. They also have an underwater walk-though tunnel to see the bat-rays, etc. Another tipinstead of paying the $50-$100 for the Hawaiian shirts to bring home, we stopped at Ross on the way to the airport. It was easy to find, and they had flowered Hawaiian shirts (made in Hawaii!) for $14.99. Now thats a tip!