We stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Maui because of the great Costco deal. We stayed there in late August of 2010. I rated this hotel as "Very Good" instead of "Excellent" because of the following. 1) Every night, the Hyatt has a luau and every night, self-parking is very limited starting about 430pm. Also, the parking stalls are just wide enough for a mid-size car to park...that's if the other cars are parked within their lines. Even then, only the most skinniest people can get in and out of their cars! 2) As I read the other peoples' reviews, they mentioned to request to be put in a room on the opposite side of the luau because of the luau noise. We were able to get a room away from the luau and were greatly relieved that we only heard the luau drums in the distance. 3) The Umalu restaurant was pricey, and the service was just so-so. The beef filet was very tasty and was a normal portion size. 4) The pool towel system is okay, Yes, you have to trade in a card for your towel, but Hyatt has to keep track of their towels somehow or else people would just not return them. 5) The beach just off the hotel is very rocky. 6) We had friends stay at the Westin Timeshare just north of us. Hyatt should do what that Westin did was have small wetted hand towels in the lobby so that you can cool down your face. I give big kudos for the Westin for this idea! 7) A good idea when booking your hotel stay is to say that it is your anniversary or something special. You may get a free bottle of champagne like we did...(well, it was our anniversary.) 8) The Breakfast Buffet included in the Costco deal is great. You just have to get to the buffet before 730am or else you will be waiting in line for a while. 9) We did not encounter birds swooping down like Afflred Hitchcock's The Birds on unattended tables like other reviewers put down. It is exaggerated. Yes, there were some birds, but the wait staff clean up the unattended tables fairly quickly to mediate the situation. Twice, I also saw an employee put bread crumbs out for the birds on the lawn across from the water pond so that the birds would not bother the guests eating. This was a good idea. 10) So, all in all, the Hyatt is improving. The partial ocean view room that we had appeared like it was refurbished recently, so I guess we lucked out. On the other hand, our other friends staying in an ocean front room in the other building said that their room looked dated. 11) The weight -sensitive snack tray in the room was apparent but was not a problem if you don't touch it. I was told that you have 6 seconds to put back the snack in the exact spot or else you get charged for it. Well, we never touched it, so it wasn't an issue. 12) Internet access was slow. Yes, I would recommend this hotel but it is not Shangri La. Hope this helps.