My husband, 16 month old daughter and I met up with my parents and my brother and sister-in-law here. We had convinced the family to stay at the Hyatt becaue my husband and I fell in love with it on our honeymoon in October 2006. However, it was not the same paradise as four years ago for several reasons: (1) I'm normally not a big drink person, but I had falled in love with the mixed drinks because they used to make them with ice-cream. This is no longer the case, so the drinks are no longer unique or special. They are definitely not worth the $12. I ordered one, and couldn't finish it because it just tasted like pure alcohol. It was so disappointing because I had really been looking forward to the drinks. (2) The towel guys no longer give away free pineapple slices, and they no longer make drinks. I had thought the free pinapple slices by the pool was a nice touch, but now all you get there is towels. (3) Cascades patio restraurant is closed, boarded up, and under construction. You can't see it, and all you hear is jackhammering and sawing. You used to be able to sit here at night, drink your Blue Hawaiian (made with ice cream), eat sushi, and listen to relaxing Hawaiian music play while looking out at the ocean. Now, you have to go to he overpriced new restaurant called UMalu. (4) The Hyatt took out that affordable convenience store and put in an expensive restraunt/bar called UMalu which we could not afford to eat at. There is no longer a place to pick up a cheap pre-made sandwich or yogurt for lunch. UMalu is nice, but caters to the ultra-trendy, ultra spendy. They have live bands play by the pool now, which is edgy and trendy, but I preferred the relaxing Hawaiian music they used to play. It seems to attract teenagers/hipsters, not quiet honeymooners. (5) Our room (facing the beautiful golf course/garden area) smelled like sewage and was not in as nice of condition as our room in 2006 which faced the ocean. The room was slightly smaller and the bathroom doors needed to be replaced. For $400 a night, it could have been better. Other than that, it was exactly the same and as beautiful as I remember. The hot tub, pool and grounds are exactly the same -- absolutely stunning and heaven on earth. There was plenty for my 16 month old to do, especially with grandma and grandpa there to help out! She loved the kiddie pool, sandbox, water fountrains, water slides, looking at all the birds living on the hotel grounds, the koi fish, and playing on beach.