We just got back from the Hyatt today. We went back and forth a LOT between where to stay on Maui, but were very pleased with our choice of the Hyatt. Pros: The resort lobby, shops, grounds are amazing---very upscale, elegant, and refreshing. There are many unique animals around the resort including a parrot that can say aloha! They have a luau every night that was fun, and we were able to watch it directly from our balcony each night! We stayed in the Lahaina tower, so if you want to go to bed early or don't like the luau music, then don't stay in this tower. The room view was my favorite part of the whole trip! It was jaw-dropping as we had a deluxe oceanfront room and we could see the palm trees/ocean while laying on our bed!! The balcony was actually pretty big and falling to sleep with the sounds of the ocean every night was priceless. The breakfast buffet had a large variety of food and our plan included it which was nice. Yes, there are birds that fly around, but come on, it is an open air dining area and it's not like the Hyatt can control every bird in Hawaii! They tend to stay away from people----they only "attack" the food that is left unattended. The pool was very cool---a separate little kids area and adult section separated by waterfalls and a swim up bar. They offer you cool towels, freezies, and have a pool waitress. Cons: The service at Umalu was pretty slow. One dinner we spent like $100 for the two of us, and didn't even get our water or soda refilled even once! We were so thirsty but our waiter was so busy or distracted that he didn't even refill our drinks one time. I think they need to higher a "water filler" like they have at Longboards at the Marriott next door. The only other thing is the beach/water situation. The beach is pretty rocky, strong undertow, and basically no beach! There is a small beach on the right front of the hotel, in front of the Napilli towers, but that is about it. But, I guess there could be pros to that? There isn't as much beach traffic, and you can sit closer to the actual water with a smaller beach. We did rent a cabana at the Sheraton one day and snorkeled down there----it took us like 35 minutes to walk down there, but that is always an option. Overall, I would def recommend the Hyatt to anyone! It was awesome and Maui is my new favorite Hawaiian island! We did things like sunrise on Haleakala, biked down the volcano, luau, snorkeling, parasailing, hiking to waterfalls, tour of the stars on the roof, etc. Hawaii is a magical place and really paradise in the pacific! Can't wait to go back arleady!