We stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 8 days/7 nights. We arrived and were greeted with leis and pleasant bellmen. Upon checking in we had issues with the front desk on the length of our stay. Everything worked out and we ended up with our deluxe ocean view room that we had booked. Our room had a great view with two large balconies. Our friends were down the hall and their balcony was basically just a walk out. Our room was spacious but our bathroom, particularly the area with shower and toilet were terribly small. I would constantly bump my leg on the door trying to get in and close the door. The bed was comfy and slept well most of the time, with the exception of the time change from Texas. The hotel itself is beautiful. Open and airy. Lots of Koi fish, penguins, parrots, birds and flamingos hanging about. Tropical and pineapple plants all over. Large beautiful pool with waterfall, a grato and pool bar; and kiddie pool with tube slides-one big enough even for the adults. Also a small hot tub. Self parking was crazy!! I'm not sure where most of these people were from, but they parked over the lines and crooked and my husband ended up in a fender bender due to way another car had parked. Note: use the back lot...people park much better there for some reason. We did the breakfast included when we booked and it is well worth it!! Otherwise you're paying $30 per person for breakfast that is good, but after the 5th day of the same thing...starts to get old...fast. FYI...if you don't arrive early (to the restaurant with the omelette station), you will have to wait in a line up the stairs. There is another restaurant with breakfast buffet w/o omelette station that where the wait is not bad. When we arrived it was happy hour at the Umalu bar...Mai Tai's $5 and beers $3...not bad right?! Well drink up during that time because otherwise you're paying $11 a piece for a Mai Tai!! AND...if you're at the pool during the happy hour, get your happy butt up and go to the bar, because your poolside service does not honor the happy hour...CRAZY!! We learned that the hard way!! Location is good. Just a walk down the way is Whaler's village with lots of restaurant's and shopping. The beach right off the resort is small, but if you walk a little way down, it gets bigger. We had a rent car and knew that there would be some travel involved to the places that we wanted to go compared to where our hotel was located...not a big deal to us. The hotel also has a $25 room fee per day (as of June 2010). We booked prior to this and it was $15 for us. Not sure what this is for, but I think it's ridiculous!! On our last night, we were truly tired and just wanted to order in and hang out in our room. We called Pizza Hut and the lady told me that I would have to meet the delivery guy at the front desk, no big deal, right? Well, come to find out, Hyatt does not allow them on their property PERIOD!! We had to walk about a 1/4 mile just to go meet the delivery guy!! All in all, it was a good stay, but if I were to ever go back to Maui, not sure I would stay here again.