At first, we did! It was our first trip to Hawaii, and decided to only go to Maui for our entire 6 day honeymoon stay. We chose the HRM because of its good reviews on TA. I've finally gotten around to posting my review of it!!! Play by play: Room: We had an oceanfront room which was very roomy until you hit the bathroom. Unbelievable small, basically water closet. For a hotel that exudes romance, I was surprised that the shower was really only meant for one. Loved the balcony, though. Spent some time there just listening to the sounds of the resort and the ocean. Location: Right at the end of the Ka'anapali beach hotel strip. Very close to other hotels, so you won't feel too secluded here. Definifely rent a car (if anything, a convertible). The airport is about an hour drive away and a lot of the great attractions/sites on the island are a good drive from the hotel. A car was a must. Food: We got the breakfast included deal at Son'z though travelocity and BOY was it worth it. My word, just amazing spread of food... the best we'd seen, that's for sure. I couldn't justify paying $60 (or whatever crazy fee their charging now) for it though. The sushi at Cascades was AMAZING... at least in December, when we were there. The Kobe slider at Umalu....... to die for. My word, I don't know what the put in it, but if you're a burger fan, you have to try it! Pool: Wonderful! Pretty darn cool waterfalls, and surprisingly, an amazing little slide! Beach: Ugh, walk a little further up the pathway (about 15-20 min) and hang out on Ka'anapali Beach instead. It is just too small for our taste. Activities: The spa was wonderful, but I can't say much else, since it was our first time at one. We got a couple massage and facial (for me), pedicure (for him!). The jet skis are fun, but waaaaaaay too expensive on the resort. Since the hubby had never jet skiied before we decided to splurge for him. Whaler's Village is just walking distance away... good shopping and dining there. Stop by Leilani's for happy hour drinks and Hula Pie! Also, snorkling within walking distance = Black Rock. It's ok... there are fish, and occasionally turtles. But more exciting, the cliff jumpers! You can join them too! We didnt do the luau at the resort... opted for the Old Lahaina Luau, since it is so popular, and it was our first time. Overall, great honeymoon getaway for a very reasonable price. Unless youre rolling in the dough and can afford the four seasons or grand waliea, this should be your number one choice!