Went to the Hyatt Maui for 6 days in April. All of the previous reviews are pretty well spot on. We had a deluxe ocean front room on the 21st floor which was a concierge floor. This was a great benefit as it included a continental breakfast, juice, sodas and snacks all day and then of course happy hour from 5p-7p which was cocktails and appetizers. There was then a dessert service after that. This was a complimentary upgrade that we received when we checked in. The service overall was excellent. Beginning at check in, around the pool, at the buffet (our breakfast buffets were included) until check out, the service was prompt and courteous. The views from our room were spectacular. The pool was very nice and we were out there for several hours every day enjoying mai tais and pina coladas. The people that say you have to get there are 6:30 am..........not sure what they were thinking. We never had a problem finding primo seating at 10am or at 1pm. The chairs are adequate but the towels are the thinnest, most worn beach towels I have ever seen. No prob....we brought some of our own. Like others have said, the location is 5 star but the hotel itself is dated. Low popcorn celings, worn furniture, small rooms and bathroom etc. This is what I expected when I went in and just what I got. If I had been expecting the Four Seasons or paid Four Season's prices, it would have been terrible. Back to the deal we got. I got the hotel for six night (deluxe ocean front) included buffet breakfast for 2, the resort fees and a $100 hotel credit along with an intermediate rental car for $1700 total. So with that in mind, and the fact that we were in Maui (paradise), we had a fabulous vacation. We snokeled Molokini, saw whales, went zip lining and went out for some pretty good meals. So despite the shortcomings of the hotel, the Hyatt Maui provdied us a base for a wonderful time. I would certainly recommend it to families as the children's pool is great and for a group of friends or couples. If it were my honeymoon and I were looking for something upscale, this is not the place. We used the spa and the fitness center on several occassions, both were top notch. In summary, if you get a great deal, this hotel has a lot to offer. However, if your are looking for luxury or as previous posters have suggested spending more than $200 per night....probably would not do it.