We stayed at the Hyatt Maui for 10 days towards the end of March and overall were pleased with it. We've been to Maui a few times before but this was our first time staying at this property and were pleasantly surprised with how much we liked it. Our check-in was quick and easy. We pulled up to the driveway and valet takes your car and park it for free until you come back later after checking in to your room. Great touch. We had contacted the hotel prior to our arrival for some requests and thankful that was granted (otherwise would probably have started off the vacation on a cranky note :) Noticed we didn't get the shell lei that others were given upon arrival. I guess not a big deal but we like these little touches that seem inconsequential to some:-) ROOM - Our bellhop was friendly and informative. He went over our room, and even called front desk to lock up the mini-bar fridge for us. There are 2 fridges in the room, one that is stocked up and one empty. All we needed was the empty one, and with small children it's a good idea to lock up the mini-bar fridge. Our room was exactly as what we had booked - partial ocean view. It was located in the Lahaina tower and overlooked the luau area. Not the best view but not the worst either. Some have noted that the luau noise bothered them. It didn't bother us at all since it was over by about 8 or 8:30 pm. In fact, we sat out there for a few minutes to catch the show. The balcony of the room though was tight. Not a place where I would like to lounge and relax. The room itself was decent in size. Although, the Hyatt Waikiki room we had was larger which is surprising b/c space is more of an issue in the Waikiki hotels. We did like how we had a full size couch rather than the chair with ottoman as we had in Waikiki. The bathroom was indeed small as most people have mentioned on this site. The vanity area where the sink is located is large and much better lit than Waikiki. Besides the bathroom in need of a renovation and re-configuration - the room was nice and clean. We also liked the walk-in closet with built-in shelves. The beds were comfortable enough although the pillows were on the small side. One thing we hated was the bedding! Ugh...it wasn't due to cleanliness or quality but rather why they couldn't just use a fitted sheet and use a proper duvet cover. Instead our duvet was placed in the middle of white flat sheets which inevitably came undone when you untucked the corners at the bottom. It was gross to find yourself waking up to no bedsheets underneath you. Because they didn't use fitted sheets, the flatsheets would unravel. So we had to settle for not untucking our "duvet cover "and lowered ourselves down the bed instead of trying to pull it up. Annoying... POOL/BEACH - this was the reverse of the Hyatt Waikiki (small pool but great beach). The pool here was outstanding. And it went on forever it seemed. There was a kids area - which we thought was by far the best we've seen so far. (We have stayed at the Sheraton, Westins, condos). We liked the kids area because it was shallow enough for even the littlest ones and it had a variety of things like a waterslide, turtles squirting water, a sprinkler-like area, and a sandpit. Right beside it, the pool continues to either the grotto section or the deeper areas - about 9 ft. It's hard to find pools nowadays that have depth like this. It was also where the big waterslide was located. So the main pool does connect thru waterfalls, bridges and the grotto to the other side of the kids pool area. Fantastic! The pool temperature was not as cold as I thought it would be. The pool at the Sheraton is frigid nex to this one! And if you do get cold, there is a great hot tub located by the kids area. Which I found too hot - but definitely a great place to be when the wind is blowing or if you get too cold in the pool. About the chairs, we actually went there at 7 am and got our chairs. But there was no need. You could get a chair anytime of the day but I can only speak for the kids area/ deeper pool section. Now as for the beach, it wasn't that bad BUT after seeing all the other beaches in Maui, and having just arrived from Waikiki where the Hyatt there has the best beach- it was disappointing. We're beach people so that was something to get used to. It's a good thing the pool was that fantastic which made up for it - plus we have always liked to try the different beaches in Maui. (If you are of the same nature, check out Kapalua Bay, Wailea beach, Kamaole beach, Makena, etc..) RESTAURANTS - we only ate at the breakfast buffet. This was included in our package. We really liked the idea of having breakfast included, it makes it that much easier esp. when travelling with small children. Staff were friendly and the food selection were plenty. It served all sorts of pastries, breads, the usual breakfast meats like bacon, sausages, and always had eggs benedict with a different twist each day. Had an omelet station (where you can also request for egg whites or fried eggs). All types of fruits - wish they had mangoes though! Great place for breakfast as it was located by the pond/lake area with waterfalls. Nice way to start your day:-) But fair warning, if you are afraid of birds, there are quite a few as it is an open-air restaurant. They are little ones though and generally don't bother you too much. As for the long line-up, we ate at different times and they all had lines. And if you come at 10 am, there isn't a line at all. However, we never waited for more than 15 minutes and honestly, it was okay as I brought the newspaper to read in line. Our dilemma was the tipping for this buffet. As mentioned this breakfast was included in our package - found out that breakfast was $30 per person. There is no way we would have bought this for ourselves if it wasn't somehow worked in to our package. I side with the camp that believes you really shouldn't tip at buffet restaurants. Esp when you fetch your own drinks! Only coffee was served to you but i don't drink that stuff. Oh and water was brought to you but they should just put that beside the juices, so you don't have to ask and wait for it. Anyway, it did bother me that I felt I was required to tip at 15%. They actually put a laminated note about gratuity - which i found tacky. I hear the voices that say that wait staff don't get paid enough, well, if that's the case then management should pay them accordingly. Dont' let the guests make up for their wages. It's just unfair to have to tack it on to your bill which is priced high enough for a breakfast buffet. And I firmly believe this for buffet service. Having said all this, we still tipped. Too uncomfortable if we didn't.. GYM - beautiful oceanfront location! I can work out everyday and feel inspired by the view alone. The gym was decent in size and a bonus was they had a group class room. The group classes offered were interesting (didn't have a chance to try it) and some priced well at $10. The only drawback for me was the flavored water. They had 2 water stations and each was flavored by lemon slices and orange slices. Ick. I wish they had the option of good old plain water. PARKING - the self-parking was free (or included in the daily resort fee of $15) and I believe located on both ends of the property. Since we were in Lahaina tower, we parked by the area there (right behind the gym or luau). We always found a parking space except for the one time we came home at 9 pm. Waited for 10 minutes for someone to come out and took their space. No issues with parking at all. LOCATION - this property was at the end of the strip of resorts on Kaanapali beach (with Sheraton on the other end). I think the hotels located on this strip have the best location in Maui. There is a nice path that leads you from one end to another. Great for walks or running. And along this path, you'll find an outdoor mall - Whaler's Village where they have restaurants and some great stores. Our walk from the hotel to Whaler's village was 15 minutes. Also if you don't feel like walking back after dinner at Whaler's you can catch the Kaanapali Trolley. It's a free service that shuttles you between the Kaanapali hotels and the mall. OTHER AMENITIES - this property has three towers and depending on what is important to you to be close to, you should consult the property map and/or the hotel. The grounds of the hotel was impeccable. The design of the gardens and all the animals are a sight to be seen. If you like shopping, then you'll love this hotel. They have a small Macy's plus other stores like sunglass hut, sandal tree, etc. They also have a laundry room. It is located in the Lahaina Tower - in the main lobby. Each load is $2 and they take quarters only. There is a machine that changes your money there. They have WiFi service for $10/day serviced by Tmobile. We had so much trouble with it. Very frustrating as it was hit or miss with the connection. Couldn't get it anywhere besides our room and that was only sometimes. At least front desk tried to make up for it by giving us a refund. But I do hope they find a long term solution to this problem. Or perhaps they should take a cue from Westin, where they provided their guests a room - business center - where they have access to use their computers for FREE. Time-limited of course, but at least it's there as a service which is valuable to those of us who rely on it. The bottom line is ..would we return to this property again? I think so! We do hope they fix the bathrooms though:-) We had a fantastic, family vacation and glad that we chose Hyatt this time.