My husband and I just returned from 8 nights on Maui, where we stayed 3 nights at the Hyatt and 5 nights at the Sheraton (separate review.) We have been to the island many times but this was the first time we have stayed at these hotels. The Hyatt was quite nice. We had breakfast included and a partial ocean view room. The room was large with a very comfortable king size bed and a queen size pull out sofa. Flat screen TV, a refridgerator and a mini-bar fridge. The bathroom was clean and basic, with a tub/shower combo. The balcony is quite small and you really had to be standing to see the ocean, but the views of the grounds, etc was really nice. The pool is great for both kids and adults; however, the water was quite cold. We also found it difficult to find lounge chairs by the pool. We were out there by 10am and most of the chairs were taken. I thought this was interesting since the hotel was not even close to being full. The one thing to note about the Hyatt is that they really don't have a beach. There is very limited sand and they don't offer chairs or food/beverage service at the beach. This was ok for us because we bought beach chairs when we arrived, packed our own cooler, and found a small spot of sand to hang out on. Bringing your own food (sandwiches, etc) and alcoholic beverages will save you a lot of money. Here is a breakdown of some of the prices. We did not eat dinner on property. Buffet Breakfast - $30pp including tax and tip Mai Tai - $11 Beer - $6 Nachos - $13 The bartenders at the pool bar are really friendly and definitely enhanced our experience at the hotel. The best thing is that they have a happy hour now from 4pm to 6pm daily. Mai Tais for $5, Beers for $3, Nachos for $8. We took advantage of this each night. This is a new thing they are doing because of the economy. I have never seen a happy hour offered on other stays in Maui. We did not have any issues with the hotel and felt the staff were really friendly and helpful. They offer free self parking and the resort fee of $15/night includes the fitness center and daily newspaper. The only thing we didn't like was the small beach and the limited availability of chairs by the beach.