My husband and I stayed here from 21-30 Sept for the second part of our trip (and our honeymoon) to Hawaii, having arrived from Halekulani Hotel in Waikiki on Oahu. We knew not to expect the same standard of hotel and quality as the Halekulani and so we beared this in mind when we arrived. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a gorgeous lobby with parrots, penguins and tropical fish and were truly stunned. However at check in, they had us booked in for a room with two double beds - not really necessary since we were on our honeymoon. Once this was sorted out, we were offered an upgrade to an ocean view room and given our leis as well as a voucher for our celebratory champagne. The porter who took us to our room was very helpful and told us of things to do around Ka'anaplili as well as in the hotel. The room itself was a little disappointing - mainly due to the bathroom, which is tiny! And the hairs that we found in the bath tub were very disconcerting, but this was the only time this happened during our stay. The dressing area was nice and spacious and the walk in wardrobe and the complimentary safe was a nice touch, as was the fridge for us to store our drinks and light snacks. The bed was very comfortable and we had absolutley no problemsd with insects etc and the lounge area was also comfortable with a large flat screen TV. The view was the best part of this room, despite the disappointingly small lanai with its tiny chairs and table. We were able to look down at the lush greenery and flamingos whilst also watching sunset every evening from there. The hotel itself was nice, and the surroundings lovely, the penguins (especially the baby penguin) were always a joy to watch. At the poolside we were always able to get chairs and it was a bit tiresome having to wear the wristbands everyday, but I usually took mine off if I wasn't going down the slide that day. The poolside itslef is very fun with waterfalls and the slide was scary at first but much fun thereafter! Kids will definitley be entertained. We ate Sonz every morning as breakfast was included in our package and the food was nice, the omelttes were made to order and always very tasty. The selection overall was varied and there was always something for everyone. Yes there are numerous birds but my husband and I used to alternate going to the buffet so that the birds wouldnt land on our table and start eating at the remains. We ate there twice in the evening and it was nice to see a server from the UK whom we talked to for a while and she gave us great tips on what to do and where to go. Umalu was probably our favourite place to eat by far. The quesadillas were delicious and the cocktails were all well prepared and moresome. The bar at Umalu was also our preferred place to have drinks in the evening and the bar staff were always great to talk to. We even got a complimentary drink on our last drink. On our last night we went to see the Cirque Polynesia show and this was a brilliant show. My husband even got himself up on the stage playing the drums. The only issue I have with the hotel is the size of the bathroom, the tub was small and you were always squeezed in there. Yes the decor could do with updating but it wasn't a real problem as the room itself was a nice size. The only reason I would not return to this hotel is beacsue the resort itslef is very quiet. You can get a free shuttle to Whalers Village but it is just as easy to walk (as we always did) and there are frequent buses to Lahaina until 8.45pm, but we didn't go there much as we preferred the restaurants around the resort area.