My husband and booked this hotel through our travel agent 10 months in advance we had a reservation from a partial ocean view to an ocean view...or something like that. When we checked in (after a really long flight full of honeymooners) the hotel didn't have our room right as our travel agent had made a mistake in booking. The staff was not helpful with this one bit and couldn't care less that this was wrong. They treated us like we were trying to trick them out of a room. The lady finally said they would put us in the same view room but with 2 beds, not the king we booked, as they had to save those for the people who had actually booked them (oh, you mean like us????) When we checked into the room we were really disappointed in the accomodations. It was just you're generic hotel room with 2 crummy beds and an Ok view of the far away beach but mostly the gardens below. Our hearts sank as we wondered if the trip we'd been planning for over a year was being ruined from the start. We spent the first day calling the travel agent, and talking with the manager of the hotel who finally agreed to hold a room with a king sized bed for us the next day (as they had already checked in all those rooms). So we stayed packed and upset that first day and had to stay out the next morning until 3pm when they had our real room ready and WOW, what a difference that made. The room with the king sized bed had a much better feel, even though the room size was the same you just had way more room and a little sofa and table in there. The view was amazing from the opposite tower. You could see the entire ocean, hotel grounds and the mountains. We spent lots of time on the balacony enjoying it all. We had breakfast buffet included in our package and that's the only was I would actually use the buffet. It was really good, lots of variety and well stocked and maintained but really overpriced for $30 each. Maybe splurge one day but find somewhere else the rest. It did seem like most people had it included though as it was pretty busy. They did get you seated fairly quickly and the location was beautiful, right on the pond with swans swimming around and birds flying all over the place. The staff wasn't overly friendly here and service was lacking and we were always left wondering do you tip during a buffet? The beach was our next stop but the beach infront of the hotel we were told in "non-swimmable" though we did see some people in there. There is a reef that runs right along the front with keeps you out of it for the most part and at times there is not sandy beach area there and the waves were kind of rough in that area. We went knowing this so it wasn't a big surprise for us. So we walked down awhile until we found nice sandy area. The only problem is that you have no chairs to use then. I don't know if the other hotels would rent to you or not, we didn't try to find out. Sitting on the sand with just the towel was hard in some spots because the wind blows the sand right onto you, like being sandblasted. We walked down to black rock usually (near the sheraton) and the wind wasn't a problem there and the snorkeling was the best there. After that we tried the pool, but good luck finding a chair. Very little shade available and even fewer chairs. I think my Ymca has more chairs around their pool. When someone finally would get up we'd hover over them until they left. Pool service was lousy if you can even get the ONE server to come over to you. We waited one hour one day and she never came over to us. Once we did get her attention the food and drinks were good but overpriced but who cares when your sitting in the sun. They do have someone coming around with free ice pops and cold towels so that was really nice. The pool itself is realy nice and not very crowded (makes you wonder where all those people who have their towels on the chairs are) Deep in some places and shallow in others. The do have a bar in the pool but it's not a swim up bar, you have to walk around to it in the pool. The slide is super fast and a little scary because it's in the dark. The pool itself is open until 11pm but we never saw anyone in it after 7pm, always meant to go but just ran out of time. We did eat dinner one night at the hotel and it was pretty good though expensive. The staff was very friendly there. I found the men on staff at the hotel all to be very helpful and attentive but the women all seemed to have a chip on their shoulder for some reason. There were alot of honeymooners there and I felt like that's who they really cater too. At times I felt like just another number the staff had to deal with. The truth is anyone going to Hawaii is going for some special reason or another and should be treated that way. All in all, this was a pretty nice hotel, the room was nice and quiet and had a great view, the cleaning staff always seemed friendly and left us fresh towels, extra shampoo, body wash and lotion. There are also lots of shops on the main level with everything from childrens items to bathing suits, gifts, postcards anything you might need, though bring lot so suntan lotion as they charge twice what it cost everywhere else! You really have no need to leave the hotel, but you will, there is so much to do there!