We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Maui for 7 days and for the most part it was a very relaxing, enjoyable vacation. We chose the Hyatt for the location and had gotten and excellent promotion through the Hyatt Gold Passport program. On our previous trip to Maui we stayed at the Rennaissance Wailea Beach, which has since been torn down. We couldn't have asked for a better stay at the Renaissance, but it was quite a drive to everywhere. This is what brought us to Kaanapali. The Hyatt sits at the southern most end of Kaanapali beach, which is nice as it is away from much of the hussle and bussle of the busy resort and shopping areas to the north. The resort is vast with gorgeous pools, gardens and facilities. Room: We had a partial oceanview room on one of the upper floors of the Atrium (center) town. The room was nicely furnished with a king bed, LCD TV, desk, ipod alarm clock, refrigerator, safe, sitting area and lanai. The outside lanai has a view of the Kaanapali South golf course to the left and the ocean/Lahaina harbor to the right. Straight ahead was the West Maui mountains and the Lahaina tower. You could tell that the hotel is older as I noticed some scuff marks and scratches on the wood on the furniture. However, the room was kept nice and clean. The bathrooms are on the small side and the tub/shower are very basic for a hotel. The sink had just a single basin, not two like many hotels. The walk in closet was nice with ample storage. The "Hyatt Grand Bed" is a platform style bed with no box spring. Allthough it was very comfortable, it was difficult to get used to as bed the only came up to my knees when standing next to it (I am 6' 3"). Overall the room was nice and comfortable, but it definitely a "hotel room", and I expected something a little larger and more upscale for a resort of this caliber. Ammeneties/Facilities: This is what really makes this hotel shine. The large open air lobby is gorgeous, with parrots, tropical birds and other wildlife exhibits. The penguins were by far the most fun to watch. The pool facilities were awesome. The main pool is large with depths from 3'-9' and connects to the smaller pool and kids lagoon via swim through cave, complete with a pool bar and waterfalls on each end. The 150' lava tube waterslide was extrememly fun and very, very fast. We enjoyed sitting by the pool many days, however there is not much shade. We did browse through the onsite shops which includes a Macy's, and various other shops. There is a convenience type store on site which was nice as we needed to buy additional sunscreen. They also sell souveniers, beer, wine & liquour but is a bit pricey. We used the self-parking which is completentary (valet is $12 per day). Other reviews I read are critical of the parking. We did not have any issues. The spots are small, and many people did not park between the lines which made tjhe spots tighter. However, if you are a decent driver and know how to use your side mirrors, you shouldn't have a problem. We did not use the spa or fitness facilites. I did jog in the morning along the beach path which was very nice. Beach: The beach directy in front of the hotel is narrow and can be a little rocky. However, it is still very nice. A few steps to the south is a beach activities desk with onsite Parasailing and Jetski companies in addition to snorkel and boogie board rentals. A short 5-10 minute walk to the north and the beach opens up to a nice wide white sand beach. If you keep walking just past the Sheraton is Black Rock with has some real nice snorkeling. Restaurants/Food: Our package included a complementary breakfast buffet at Swan Court. The buffet was quite good with various sections including cold and hot items. At times there was quite long line to be seated. Also, they do change a few of the hot selections daily, but I would have prefered more variety. For example, many of the items stayed the same which I got sick of quite fast. Some corned beef hash or grits would have been a nice addition instead of the same roasted potatos every day. We ate most of our other meals off-site as the restaurants onsite are expensive. We did however eat lunch one day at Umalu which was quite good. Staff: For the most part the hotel staff was very friendly and attentive. We had an issue with one of our room keys one day after returning from the pool and became locked out of our room. The staff person was very attentive and quickly came up to let us in and provided us a new key. However, at times some of the staff's friendlyness seemed "fake". Also, they like if you spend money at the hotel. A couple of times, I sensed attitude from one of the pool waitresses when I didn't order anything or if I brought my own drink to the pool. Also, the (Japaneese) hostess staff at the Swan Court breakfast seemed to give seating preference to their fellow Japaneese. Many times the Japaneese couples and families would be seating up front next to the water, where the Americans would be seated in a corner or the back, regarless of when they arrived. The front desk staff was friendly, however it would have been nice if they informed me of the guest facilites which could be used after check-out (i.e. to freshen up after using the pool before an evening flight) prior to checking out as we had a 9pm flight. The staff at the pool and beach activities desk were great. Overall, it was a great stay. The few critizisms above are minor compared to how much we enjoyed our stay. I would definitely stay here again. I have listed some tips below for future Maui vacationers: 1. Stock up on snacks and beverages at the Safeway in the Lahaina Canery Mall to save money. It is about 2 miles down the road from the Hyatt. We purchased bottled water, Gatorage and beer. It was much cheaper ($17 for 12-pack of local lager vs. $7 for 1 draft at the pool bar, or $2 for a pepsi from the machine) and convienent to have it in your in room fridge. 2. Check out the area restaurants. The hotel restaurants are quite pricey, but there are many alternatives just a short drive to Lahaina, or walk up the beach path to Whaler's Village which are just as good if not better. 3. Back in to the Hyatt parking spots. It is much easier to fit (straight) into the small spots. 4. Golf: As an avid golfer, I considered playing a round at the Royal Kaanapali course, but decided against it because of the cost ($190 greens fee + $85 club rental). I am now glad that I choose not play. Allthough well maintained, the course is very flat, has little vegetation, and runs alongside 2 main roads and the Sugarcane Train tracks. Throughout my stay, I only saw a handfull of golfers on the course, so others must have felt the same as me. If you want to golf, the courses at Wailea are much much nicer (and less expensive), but it is a long drive to south Maui from Kaanapali. 5. Take a drive up the northern Maui coastline. It is quite beautiful and much less traveled than the Hana Highway. Check out snorkeling at Honolua Bay, the Nakaele Blowhole and the various senic lookouts and pull offs along this curvey road which is just a short drive from Kaanapali. 6. A nice place to visit on your last day if you have an evening flight is the Maui Ocean Center. It is in Maalea, which is on your way back to the airport. 7. If you plan to use the wireless internet access at the Hyatt, sign up for T-Mobile hotspot ahead of time. This is who the Hyatt's service is though. You can get plans or pre-paid cards which will save you money (Hyatt charges $24 per day). I got lucky and found a promo code online for a 30 day free trial.