On my past two visits, I stayed in Kihei and Wailea. This time I decided to try another part of the island, and decided on the Hyatt...and it is now my new #1 favorite place to stay. The pool is large (but not huge) and there is a separate pool for kids as well. There were still kids in the non-kiddie pool, but I found them to be amazingly well behaved with not a lot of screaming, thrashing about, etc. Mostly the pool was full of people relaxing under the waterfalls, reading a book along the edge, or floating on a mat. I also thought the pool service was fantastic. They offer free water, otter pops, and frozen towels, and you never have to wait too long to be asked if you want a refill on your cocktail. If you do go to the Hyatt, note that there is a different drink on special every day, and it pays to ask what it is. Drinks are normally $11-$12, but the "specials" were only $8 a piece. I used the gym on a daily basis and was very pleased. There was a good number of treadmills, bikes, and elliptical machines, in addition to a fitness studio and lots of weight machines. I also took a few of the fitness courses at a cost of $10/each and really enjoyed them. I also indulged in a 90 minute hot stone massage with Helena my first morning there...fantastic spa experience. The ladies locker room is on the small side, but extremely nice with wet and dry saunas, a jacuzzi, and showers. The relaxation room post-massage was located oceanfront and I could have easily stayed in there for half the day. Parking (self parking) was free but the parking spots were ridiculously small. I loved that I could walk to Whalers Village in about 13 minutes. There is also a free trolley that runs between Whalers Village and the Hyatt - you can pick up a schedule at the concierge desk. The grounds of the Hyatt were really lovely - just a gorgeous property. The rooms themselves did not have the same "wow factor" that the grounds had. I had an ocean view with a great view (in the atrium tower), and I was impressed by all of the storage space (drawers, small walk in closet, etc) as well as the extra empty minifridge so I could stock with my own stuff. The carpet did probably need replacing and the quality of the furnishings was just slightly above average, but it was extremely clean and well equipped/laid out.. Overall, I was more than thrilled with the Hyatt, and am already looking forward to my next visit.