We stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 6 nights in October for our honeymoon. The hotel is amazing as well as the staff. Everyone is very friendly. We had the breakfast buffet included in our package, and I would highly recommend this for anyone who is considering this option. The reason being is that if you're staying in Kannapali, there isn't much option for breakfast unless you want to take a walk to Whaler's Village. There is a small food court as well as a few restaurants @ Whalers Village. Or you could get in the car and drive to Lahaina which isnt' too far away either. There is not much beach to this hotel. If you want to be at a beach, stay at the Sheraton instead. The pool is the cool part of the hotel. Very nice grounds with tropical animals all over. The rooms are decent, although it probably could use another renovation. No complaints though. In terms of activities, I do recommend visiting the little activity shop right by the buffet. One person can help you coordinate all activities for your stay. Definitely do the sunrise at Haleakala and if you're adventurous, you must do the bike down. It's amazing and definitely scary at first, but you get the hang of it after you pass a couple of curves. The view of the sunrise is unbelievable...you have to dress warmly though!! The view from the bike down is a definite can't miss either. We also drove to Hana as well and also took the boat ride for the snorkeling adventure at Molokai. We also visited the Spa at the Hyatt and I do have to admit that it was extremely pricey for the service we received. I think it was over $400 for the both of us to get a one hour couples massage. I'm not sure if there are any other hotels that would offer something a bit cheaper? We didn't do much research on this. We're total foodies so the places that we loved to eat was Mama's Fish House. Yes, expensive, but the food is wonderful. If you're a sushi person, go to Sansei. Old Lahaina Luau is definitely an experience you don't want to miss, but the food is average. I've heard some folks say that if you go to Aloha Mixed Plate, the food the serve there is leftover from the Luau! Aloha Mixed Plate is SUPER cheap, plus you get a nice view of the beach. Don't expect fine dining though. One place I would totally avoid is Lelani's in Whaler's VIllage. We were advised to go there from the person that coordinated all of our activities at the hotel. This was the only suggestion that we were completely disappointed with. I think we would have rather eaten at McDonald's. The bill was over $100 and the food sucked so bad. I had a side of brocoli with my fish, and I swear they just reheated frozen brocoli!!! I will never forget that. If I'm paying $30+ for a dinner entree, I would at least expect fresh vegetables!! All in all, Maui was such a wonderful place to go for a honeymoon. The only thing we didn't get to do was head down to Wailea. I hear the Fairmont there is superb. If we go back, I think that would be where we would like to stay.