We stayed at the Hyatt for 7 days for our honeymoon October 5-12, 2008 and we thought it was wonderful for what we paid. The open air lobby has parrots, penguins, and cranes which was a surprise. We received an upgraded ocean view with a bottle of champagne because it was our honeymoon which was an added benefit. The pool was amazing, although, you have to get out there early to claim a chair close to the pool and the attendants will take your towels if you leave them there more than an hour. The kids pool was fun even for adults with their waterslide. The rooms are updated and very "Hawaiian" and the bed was especially comfortable. The restaurants there are slightly over-rated but convienent. The breakfast buffet at the Swan Court is expensive but you have a great view (especially romantic at night) and there are a lot of choices. One downside is that there are a ton of birds flying around for scraps because it's also open air. The food for dinner is limited but I would suggest any fish dish on their menu. If you come for your honeymoon, this is the location for the "honeymooners reception." My husband and I were told that this is where we enjoy free cocktails and hor deurves. The truth is that they hand you one glass of wine or champagne and then you are seated with other honeymooners to enjoy 3 pieces of items featured on their menu. It's not open bar and it's not enough to equate to an appetizer--so skip it. The best part of the hotel is it's location. There's a sidewalk that will take you past all the other resorts and to the area's shopping center. The hotel was worth what we paid, $1500 for the week but when we go back to Maui, we are going to stay in Wailea. It's a lot less touristy but a lot more expensive. Tips: Buy a A3h gold card for $30. I got the tip from frommer's--the 1st of every month, they sell excursion tickets for 50% off! We both snorkeled for $90, we both biked for half $45, so it cost $30 but saved us $150. Recommendations: Stay in Wailea, play a round of golf at Kapalua-(twilight rates are about $100 cheaper) and have dinner at the Pineapple Grill, watch the sunrise and bike down Haleakala, skip the Molokini Crater (there aren't that many things to see underwater, rent a car and only drive about half of the road to Hana, there's nothing there when you get there and it will make you car sick.