Stayed for a week in mid-October. My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon and liked it so much we came back 2 years later. Could not have made a better decision Grounds - awesome, as many others have mentioned. Unbelievably well maintained, beautiful gardens, just a relaxing environment from the minute you walk through the door. Only drawback (if I had to nitpick) is the sheer size of the place. It's huge, but they use the space very well. Shops are nice to have, as is the Expedia desk on-site Rooms - we were in a partial ocean view near the water side of the hotel on a high floor. Could see a lot of ocean from the balcony and the rest was golf course / mountains. For as little time as you spend in a hotel room in Maui, it was more than sufficient. Rooms are clean and pretty big, bed very comfortable, and it was nice to have both a couch (which I believe is a pullout bed) and an empty mini-fridge. Pool - as good as any hotel I've ever seen. Large, clean, plenty of chairs, right next to the ocean, and the waterslide is fun (even for adults). It's a definite plus to have the kids' pool on the other side of the grotto. Provides a great natural buffer from noise. The new uMalu restaurant is open and is a great improvement. Food is great, the place itself looks great, and prices aren't any more outrageous than any other pool-side service at a decent resort. Half price bloody mary's from 9-11 are a nice touch and they're very good Location - path along the Kaanapali hotels is nice and Whaler's Village is a pretty painless 20 minute walk. Lahaina is an easy drive, and if you're a golfer you are very close to the courses. Service - everyone was great to us. Did not walk by one Hyatt employee that didn't smile or give an "aloha." I've traveled a lot and have never found hospitality like in Hawaii. They get it. Food - Cascades good but not as good as the last time we ate there. Still love the setting and sitting in the chairs near the bar for a drink. Sushi was very good, steak just OK. -Sonz was just not worth the price. Service was great, menu looks very enticing, but the pasta dishes were just OK and the value is not the best -uMalu (see above) - huge upgrade from old Pavilion restaurant and it's finally done. Fits in beautifully with the property. But $4 for a Diet Coke? Really? Parking - yes it can fill up due to the luau, but getting the valet for free is fair compensation, right? If this is your prime complaint you had a great vacation. Overall - heaven. Honestly, unless you are staying at the Four Seasons everywhere you travel I don't know what else you could want. The Hyatt gets it right in just about every respect. Should make a great stay for just about anyone Few suggestions - stop at Kmart or somewhere similar on your way in from the airport and pick up drinks, snacks, sunscreen, etc. Will save you a few bucks (do not buy this stuff in the hotel sundry shop. Prices are laughable) Check out Wailea for half a day - Shops at Wailea are very nice, Longhi's has great food, you can park at the Four Seasons and wander through it and the Grand Wailea next door to see how the upper class vacations (I'd still take the Hyatt). The drive down is not bad and we found it worth a few hours Drive up the northwest coast and around to the natural blowhole. Can be a poor man's (without the waterfalls) Hana trip for those with motion sick spouses