Our family of 4 stayed here for 6 days 5 nights. It has been over 10 years since we have stayed here for our honeymoon. We thought the entrance/lobby seemed older but was still very beautiful. Breakfast was wonderful, exactly as I remembered. There was a line, but we got seated very quickly. The view was beautiful, and the buffet was a nice selection. Children 4 and under gets to eat the buffet for free. So, my younger son ate for free and my older son just ordered off of the kids menu. The rooms were updated, and well organized. Ours had two beds, a queen, and a double, and it was very comfortable. We each received a lei upon arriving, and we got upgraded to oceanfront. The room had a refrigerator, as well as a walk in closet with a safe. There are free self parking spots, but only if you get there by 7:30-8:00PM. After that, good luck finding a spot! We had a very hard time finding parking one night, but my husband was able to get complimentary valet because there were no spots left. So, it really is a non-issue. The gym is great! Its a bit far to get to (you need to walk on the beachwalk in order to get access to it), but they had very nice new machines, and a great ocean view, too. The gym is covered in the $15 resort fee. Since we were paying this fee, we figured we might as well work out, and come home looking hot! Haha. The hotel is located about a 10 minute beach walk to The Whaler (stores and shops), as well as a 15 minute beach walk to Black Rock (a famous snorkeling destination), so it is a convenient location! And you can check out all the other hotels along the way, as you walk. Here are my negatives about the hotel We thought the pool was extremely crowded. When we went (at end of August), it was packed! I felt the chairs were pushed side by side (touching) next to each other, as well as pushed right up against the pool, as well as all the way out to the walkway. I felt as though I was in a movie theatre trying to get through to my seat. I could be a little biased since we had just arrived from the Hyatt Kauai, which had a more spacious and relaxed pool area. The pool is still stunning after all these years... it just seemed much more crowded than back then.. The Hyatt Maui pool was cold! It was not heated enough (at least not in comparison to the wonderful Hyatt Kauai pool), and there was only one Jacuzzi and the temperature of the Jacuzzi was only warm (like bathwater). The Jacuzzi needs to be hotter! And the Jacuzzi is situated near the kids section, so there are a lot of kids in it. I can see how couples might not like it, but my kids sure did! I did not like the kids pool section because we had a bad experience on our first day there. There was an unsupervised unruly kid who kept throwing sand or splashing at my childrens faces. Then there was another young kid who tried to submerge my little 5 year old sons heads underwater as my son was trying to swim and tread water. The parents were either on their cell phones, or just didnt care. Unfortunately, after that incident, and seeing how crazy crowded it was, we tried to avoid the pool during peak times, or swam on the other side instead. Don't let me put you off though, we did see lots of honeymooners who looked very happy swimming around. . But in comparison to the Hyatt Kauai, I thought the Hyatt Mauis public areas were definitely more stunning. My children really liked the Hyatt Maui - they loved the pool, the penguins, the cranes, flamingoes, and macaws.