We stayed at the Hyatt Maui for 6 days from 6th Aug to 12th Aug, my husband and I and our two teenage daughters. To be honest we were a little disappointed when we first arrived at the hotel but to be fair we had just spent 4 days at the Grand Hyatt on Kauai and the two should probably not be compared. After settling in we throughly enjoyed our stay here. We had a Deluxe Oceanfront room on the 20th floor which overlooked the pool, beach and construction site so we had a good view of what was happening. Our room bathroom area and lanai though not large were perfectly comfortable. We had a queen and a double bed in the room but requested a roll away bed to avoid any sleepless nights ( the Grand Hyatt had two queen beds) All the beds including the roll away were very comfortable. The pool is well designed with waterfalls, a cave with a bar in the middle and a children's area and water slide on the other side.We were never bothered by the construction, they have live music by the pool when the men are working and it seems that they have gone to a lot of trouble to minimise noise. My one complaint was the amount of pool chairs stacked side by side right up to the edge of the pool making it hard to get in and out of the water. Guests would "reserve" chairs first thing in the morning by putting their towel's out on a chair then leave. There were signs warning guests not to do this. We ended up sitting / lying on our towels on the grass behind the path as there never seemed to be any "available" chairs, we were happy to do this as we had some shade and some space. The gardens are lovely and the birds ( swans, flamingos, penguins and parrots ) a delight, especially Roger the parrot who waves goodbye with his claw. All the staff that we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. As many reviewers have mentioned a lift was out of order while we were there but we never found this to be a problem, a lift always came straight away. As for the beach in front of the Hyatt, a short walk down the beachwalk to Whalers Village and the beach down here is great for swimming. We had breakfast at Swan Court and there always seemed to be a line but it did seem to move rather quickly.