We just came back from a beautiful 2 weeks in Hawaii staying for part of our trip in Kaanapali at the Hyatt. We chose this hotel because we remembered it fondly from 14 years ago when we stayed for our honeymoon and knew they had a great pool area for our children that would not be too deep everywhere. There is a large enough section of the pool that we didn't have to worry constantly about our 6 year old not being able to touch the ground and have found this to be an issue at another major chain in Kaanapali. However, we had our reservations due to the pool restaurant construction as well as the recent reviews. After coming from the Four Seasons in Wailea, my expectations were quite high and I must say that the Hyatt really delivered. First of all the construction of the pool restaurant is not as bad as people have said - they do a good job of making it look presentable - it was not noisy and with 2 kids we spend most of our time on the other side of the pool (it was really a non- issue). There is so much to look at at this resort, that honestly, you won't even think about it. The slide is extremely fun- absolutely MUCH better than any other hotel's slide in Kaanapali - and we have stayed at other places. The hotel elevators were NEVER an issue so they must have corrected that! Every staff member was really courteous, friendly and helpful and they were always out maintaining the grounds. The grounds are still as beautiful as they were years ago and so well maintained - I must say that you really feel like you are in a Hawaiian rainforest (but with Art). The children loved the birds and penguins, the rickety rope bridge as well as the bridges through the gardens. The only thing I would say is that although the rooms are well decorated, the furnture and tiles do need to be refreshed as you can see some scuffs etc. The beauty of this place far outweighs that little negative (which I am sure they will correct ) Overall, if you are looking for a wonderful Hawaiian experience in Kaanapali, definately choose the Hyatt -there is no comparison. I am still floored at how well they kept it up over the last 14 years - it is still so beautiful and you will leave Hawaii with beautiful memories.