We just returned from spending one week, not long enough, at the Hyatt Regency in Maui. We traveled with a corporate group of 350 people. I have read other reviews of this resort prior to our trip on Trip Advisor as well. I have to agree with the comments and observations on the aging of the hotel rooms. They could use a makeover, however, the beds are extremely comfortable. The overall cleanliness of the room was okay. The popcorn ceiling had stains on it (dont ask policy on this one). The bathroom was clean but tired looking. The view from our 7th floor Lahaina tower room was spectacular. We saw so many whales off our balcony we didnt sign up to go whale watching! We were not upset with the rooms because we were in MAUI! Who spends time in the rooms anyway? Honestly we saw the rooms in the early mornings, at dinner time to shower and at bed time. The staff were very, very friendly and helpful. The lobby area is incredible and beautiful. The overall impression of the hotel property is almost overwhelming. The Hyatt has the best property on the Island, with the exception of South Maui, Four Seasons or the Grand Wailea Resort perhaps. I cannot say enough good things about the hotel personal and upkeep of the grounds. The Restaurants were okay, not really worth the money. If you go to Lahaina town I have two strong recommendations. One is to book a show at Warren & Annabelles Magic show. This is a must!! Its perhaps the most entertaining, funny 4 hours my wife I have ever spent. The other is to eat at Kimos. They have the best food, especially Prime Rib and FRESH fish. We also ate at many other restaurants in Lahaina as well, but we went back to Kimos. Watch out for the Thousands of art galleries that line Front Street in Lahaina Town. Did you ever wondered where all of the used car salesmen go when they retire? We saw some beautiful art pieces, both paintings and sculptures. I wish we could buy all that we liked but that would be impossible. The negative aspect of gallery looking is the harassment of most, not all, of the sales persons. We looked at a bronze sculpture of an African women. I think the gallery was asking $8,600.00. Within the first 10 minutes of entering the store the salesman was closing the deal. The first offer is cheap wine followed by make me an offer and give me your credit card to show the gallery owner youre sincere. 10 minutes of entering the gallery! We had to leave the gallery. This was experienced at most of the galleries we entered. Do rent a car and do the drive to Hana. If you are not comfortable with windy small lane roads maybe dont do the drive but take one of the many small bus tours. Its worth it. The best way I can describe the experience is imagine turning your steering wheel back and forth all the way about 1200 times there and another 1200 times back. Its crazy. We left on a Sunday morning around 7:00AM. We had the road to ourselves but coming back we saw the traffic heading our direction. Theres about 60 one lane sections of the road and most go to one lane on the turns! Watch out for the locals that drive this road daily. They drive fast, aggressive and dont much care if your in the way or not. Go to Maui and enjoy. My wife and I will return again.