We took our entire family to Maui for our 25th anniversary in June 2007 and it was a great time had by all. I always read trip advisor reviews before booking any trip and value the information so decided it was time to write one of my own. There were 8 adults and 1 two year old vacationing. We had 4 king rooms in the same tower but we were on two different floors. It would have been nicer if we could have all been on the same floor but at least two families were close together. We did finally get two rooms joining which helped with the toddler being able to have a little more roaming room. The only problem we incurred was we were to have all king rooms and upon arrival one of the roooms was double beds. They could not find another king room that day in the same tower so that family had to wait until the next day to be moved. I do have a concern that we booked this a year in advance with this request and they apparently do not take into consideration any of that when selecting rooms. I will agree with all the other reviews in that the furniture is very niched up. They were remodeling the lobby floor while we were there including painting and carpet. There were some workers during the day but it appeared much of work was done during the night. The grounds are beautiful and my daughter and I walked down the beach through many of the other hotel grounds and we felt we made the best hotel choice. There is a kids pool area and our grandson loved being there. Many days we could not get him off the water slide. The beach is small but room for our grandson to play in the sand. The wider part of the beach if at the other end by the Sheraton. We walked there one day but our family enjoys the pools. We never had any days where we could not find enough pool chairs for the entire family. We always liked to be by one of the trees for shade so the baby could nap out of the sun and we all could still enjoy the sun and pool. The breakfast at Swan Court is very good. Like any other buffet many of the choices are the same daily but they did try and have a few different times on it. Our rooms were booked with breakfast for two included (Sunshine special). The pool side restaurant had good choices and family visited frequently. Whaler Village is a nice walk down the beach and we visited the shops and restaurants there also. Great shopping so allow some time one day for this. Some of our group didn't realize all that was there and on the last day before flights were rushing to get some shopping in. We also went to Front Street on several nights and there is a nice selection of restaurants there also. Go early as they all have long wait times during the dinner hours. With a little one waiting didn't always work for us. As far as parking we always just went to the back of the hotel by the luau entrance and even with two cars we always found a parking spot and there are elevators in that lower lobby area which made taking a stroller up very easy. Our daughter had read about the natural pool in one of the booklets and four of us ventured off to it. We all had a blast. You have to climb down some rocks to get there and even grandma made it down and back up. Since this was a anniversary trip I wanted family photos and we did this with the photographer that was at the hotel and we had a great experience. You can get all the pictures on a CD and they even made four so each family could take one back. We would definitely stay here again.