my wife and i visited maui for 6 nights as part of our honeymoon which started in san francisco and ended in waikiki. thankfully we went in this order as we may have been disappointed slightly. First of all i have to say that we walked a couple of times down the entire beach and the hyatt has the nicest grounds and facilities in the area. The beach area is small in front but 30 yards to the right in front of the spa area is fine and big. We never had a problem getting a lounger at pool on the days when it wsnt raining and here in lies the problem. Once it is raining there is actually nothing to do but eat and drink. We were there during really bad weather when it was recommended we dont even leav the hotel for our own safety. Now i know the weather is beyond the hotels control but amenities are something they can fix. Fot example i knew in advance of the resort charge for tennis etc. but how can they charge for these if it is physically impossible to use them on their recommendation. For the money they charge they could easily fit in there huge grounds a covered pool and sports area. Roomwise the rooms were lovely just a little worn little scratches here and there.(no lcd tv for $600 a night???) Maids were lovely even got a thank you note for a tip i left(little touches) which actually cheered me up while it rained. We did have a little problem with the front desk when we arrived they charged $300 to our credit card (for incidentals but didnt tell us). When we went to use our credit card in few shops it was declined as our bank thought it was being misused as a $300 charge twice appeared half way across the world. thankfully they remedied this by removed a lot of our in room charges. Whatever u do make sure u get the breakfast included in your package.(what a breakfast!!!) Every morning we started with cereal, then a buffet grill and an omlette then a pastry or muffin. you wont have to eat til dinner again. We only eat dinner once in the hotel on S'onz our final night and it was the best meal i ate on the entire holiday in all three locations. Overall with a little tlc and a slight reduction in price this place could be brilliant and headng towards 5 star but until then 4 out of five but it is still the best in the area.