My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt January 11-18th. We were on the third (and final) leg of our honeymoon and had just come from the Grand Hyatt in Kauai. While I tried not to compare the two hotels, it makes it easier to notice the subtle differences that would have made this hotel a 5. Pros: We stayed in the Napili tower (from the lobby you go to the right). (FYI -there are three tower - the Center one is the Atrium and it has the lobby, one to the left (if you are in the lobby looking at the ocean) is the Lahaina tower, and the one to the right is the Napili tower. We stayed in a Partial Ocean view - and in my opinion they could have sold it as an ocean view -- room 808. (we checked out some partial ocean views in the Atrium tower - not as nice a view). The wildlife is fantastic -- there are 5 penguins, 2 african cranes, and number of flamingos and swans! Hands down the best part! Service was always friendly and accommodating -- although not always competent. Food (has both pros and cons - so I gave it its own category) Meals were great. I especially likes Son'z. It isnt cheap, but the drinks were STRONG and the waiter was good. You can share any meal w/o a charge -- and its big enough for two. For example -- My wife and i split the mahi-mahi which came with mashed potatoes and asparagus. we each got our own plate with a potatoes veggies and a pc of fish. We ate twice at Cascades and it is ok, although like everything, overpriced. The biggest con is the fruit flies -- especially at the buffet breakfast. While all the food tasted good. To me there is something disgusting about seeing flies over everything - including the plates. I did ask a waiter about this and she said it should get better in a couple of months. Had I directly paid for the breakfast I would have been irrate! (but i didn't -so i just grabbed boxes of cereal and was happy) Cons: Nothing that negative, but the person at the front desk was new -- so she had absolutely no authority. When i inquired about upgrading rooms, she had to keep going in the back to find out the answer. I just dont get why that person in the back wouldnt come out. The resort fee is ridiculous. There are 0 amenities actually included with it (unlike in Kauai where at least to valet parking is free). It's actually kind of insulting that they list a newspaper and in-room coffee as stuff you get for the free-- when its free for Gold (basic) Passport members! (valet parking is $12/night -- come on!) The So-So's: The pool was ok, but not that impressive. The water slide is a nice touch, but if you are in beautiful hawaii why make it a completely inclosed dark tunnel? The lounges by the pool are comfortable, but you will get to know your neighbor VERY well since they are so close to one another. The artwork throughout the lobby is mismatched and some what in disrepair. (I took the art and garden tour of the hotel --not worth the 20mins -- and the guide pointed it out). Valuable tip -- There are two convenience stores inside the hotel (Lamonts) and you can get a bottle of soda there for $2 while its 3.50 at the pool. You can also buy single bottles of beer there for 2.50 - instead of the $6-7 at the pool. Just pour it into a cup and you will be fine. Think about -- you can drink 3x as much for the same cost (plus no need to tip anyone). Overall If they clean up there act a bit -- this could easily be a primo resort. (just do something about the fruit flies - like cover the food so they do get on it)