My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for a week and had a great stay. This was a 3 year anniversary gift to ourselves. The following is a pro/con list of our experience: Pros - Very friendly service, we felt that each employee at the resort truly had our best interests in mind. - Great pool - Kaanapali beach "boardwalk" for walking up and down the Kaanapali coast, visiting other resorts, restaurants, and the Whaler's Village shops - Our room (terrace view) turned out to have quite a nice view of the ocean if you walk out on the porch... or maybe I should say the Lanai? ;-) - Kaanapali location is very close to many restaurants, shopping areas, and activities. Lahaina is only a 5 minute drive away and has loads of these amenities. Cons - Pool was VERY crowded, which makes it difficult to find 2 lounge chairs next to each other. We had the best luck by getting towels right before breakfast and using them to save 2 chairs by the pool and then coming back after eating. - We were awakened 3 separate nights during our stay by construction in the Macy's store in the lobby/atrium area. Our room was on the 14th floor which is actually the first floor up from the lobby. Workers in the store were nailing up drywall at 1:00AM on these nights! We woke up to the sound of pounding nails. I stepped outside the front door to try and determine the source of the ruckus. I was joined by a few of our neighbors. We all called the front desk and asked if they could shut down the construction. The front desk employees were very nice and knew of the noise and put an end to it within 10 or 15 minutes. But the question I kept asking myself is who approved hammering nails into drywall at 1am while guests are trying to sleep?? Notes - Since I was paying the travel agent rate for our room I'm not a good person to judge the value of the our room. It was a great value to us, but this does not apply to most people. In summary, we would definitely stay at the Hyatt again and recommend it to any of our friends! The beautiful grounds, pleasant staff, and great location more than outweighed the issues of the construction noise and crowded pool.