Stayed at the Hyatt Regency Maui for 5 nights for our one-year anniversary. Booked rooms/car rental through Costco and got an okay deal. Maybe saved $100 vs. booking directly with hotel and rental company. A bit about my travel style - I like to stay at nice resorts, but never plan on staying in the room too much. I'm easy going and I try to be positive so it takes quite a bit for me to be unfavorable towards a place. We booked a Terrace View with a King bed (the lowest price) and at check-in got upgraded to Garden/Mountain View (second lowest price). The clerk was pleasant, but he did not ask if we were here for a special occasion and I was too shy to request anything. No problem - just would have really nice. Our room was on the first floor of the Atrium Tower. The view was of a roof that is undergoing construction and the lanai sliding door wouldn't open. We didn't mind about the sliding door because we wouldn't have used the lanai anyways because of the view. I thought the room itself was great for two people. We loved the COMFORTABLE bed and small empty fridge to put in our own drinks (we didn't touch the other fridge that held sodas/beer etc., - thanks for the advice everyone!). Other Pros: *Beautiful grounds - loved walking through the property *Activities Desk - nice customer service, very convenient too book snorkel cruise and offered at a 30% discount *Beach - I know that a lot of people hate this beach, but I didn't mind that there wasn't a place to lay out. It was a lot less crowded than the other northern spots. I enjoyed being able to hop back and forth the short distance between the ocean and my pool lounge chair. If you really feel like you must lie on sand, it's a short 5-10 minute walk. *Gym - fully stocked with great cardio machines and weights *Sonz restaurant - very good, although expensive Cons: *Upon check-out we discovered a $189 charge from one of the restaurants we never ate at. Clerk said she would find the ticket - left us waiting for 20 minutes. She couldn't find it and promptly removed the charge. I was just irritated that we had to wait so long and getting stressed while she was back there because we had a flight to catch. And then it made me question their security over charges made to rooms. Can anyone who overhears me give my room number and name make charges to my room? Answer - most likely yes, so be careful. *Maid service isn't regular *You're encouraged to wear a bracelet that identifies you as a guest when you're at the pool and it's required if you want to go down the water slide Overall, good experience. Just nothing special to make me rush right back. Instead, it makes me want to check out other places in Ka'anapali or Wailea.