My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Maui for the second part of our honeymoon (we stayed at the Hyatt Kauai for the first part) The Kauai property is amazing and therefore any hotel after that is at an unfair advantage. However, overall, we very much liked the Maui Hyatt. We were originally given a room that faced a construction site. We sucked it up for a few nights, but then decided that for what we were paying this was not going to cut it - after speaking to a manager on duty, we were immediately switched to an upgraded room, no questions asked (other than why didn't you say something sooner) The activities concierge desk was staffed with very knowledgable staff who gave us some good suggestions about where to go, what to see, etc. (though we spent most of the time at the pool anyway) The pool was impressive, but it was a battle to find chairs every day. They time stamp empty chairs so that when people leave behind a towel and try to reserve the chair, they come back to find that the hotel has taken their stuff and given the chair to somebody else. Even with this system, it was hard to find a place everyday and that caused unnecessary stress. For the most part, waiter service by the pool was prompt and friendly - though the house rum was awful and my husband hated the mai tais. The bed in the hotel was ridiculously comfortable and ,but for the amazing buffet breakfast waiting for us, we wouldn't have wanted to get out of bed in the morning. The breakfast was delicious and there's nothing like starting off your day staring at a beautiful waterfull and swan filled lake. The biggest con for this hotel was the number of people staying there. There were tons of families with lots of children and parking was a big headache. If you chose to do valet, you could wait fifteen minutes to get your car. If you parked yourself, you had to circle the lot multiple times before cramming yourself into one of the tiny spots available. If we returned to Maui, we'd stay in a less populated area (I imagine most of Kanapali is crowded), but we did really enjoy our stay at the Hyatt.