My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Maui for 6 nights back in early November 2006. I was checking the reviews and was wondering if I was staying at the same resort as some of the other reviewers. As a travel agent, we tend to be a bit more critical of properties than the average guest since I am looking at from my client's eyes---- ie: is it worth the money, will they be happy at the resort, how is the service, food, rooms, etc. I can say that since we stayed there, I have put other clients at this resort and will continue to do so. The Pros: 1. This resort is absolutely gorgeous. We did travel agent site inspections of about 8 other resorts in Maui during our stay, and this is probably the most beautiful on the island (Grand Wailea may have more of a wow factor). The open air lobby is a tropical rain forest complete with parrots, penguins and garden pathways. It truly has the WOW factor. 2. Check in and service- we arrived about 3pm. Yes, it is about a 50 minute drive from the airport but in Maui, none of the hotels are close to the airport. We were given a lei greeting and check in was a breeze. We were escorted to our room by a very friendly bell hop who showed us where all of the restaurants were on the way to our room in the atrium tower. 3. The room- deluxe oceanfront room on the 15th floor- simply stunning view overlooking the pool and the ocean. The lanai was a nice size with plants on either side for more privacy. The walk in closet was a very nice size as was the bathroom. The in room bathroom amenities were very nice and always replenished. Coffee and tea service in the room was nicely presented. 4. The BED- to die for. Never slept so well in my life. 5. Hotel service- let me explain that this is something that I would have also done for my clients but since it was for me, I really got to see how the hotel would handle this. The pillows and duvet in the rooms are down and I am highly allergic to feathers. I emailed my contact at the hotel and requested to have all down removed from the room with the room aired out prior to our arrival. Had this not be done, I would be in allergy hell so I would know right away. We got to the room, it was down free and extra (non down) blankets were placed out for us. No complaints there at all. 6. The pool is gorgeous with waterfalls, grotto bar and water slide. Pool towels were plentiful- all you needed to do was show your room key and they would give you as many towels as you wanted. Keep this in mind for when you are going to the beach in other parts of the island. Lounge chairs were always available (remember we went in lower season- although there were tons of conferences going on and the attendees brought their families) The chairs all had sun canopies which I appreciated. There were waitresses to bring drinks and food throughout the day. The only Cons: 1. No turn down service at night- was a bit surprised at that with a hotel of this caliber and we did receive it at the Waikiki Hyatt. 2. Beach is very small (there is only room for beach chairs on either side of resort). 3.The pool area might be a problem for people with hip or knee issues- this in not an infinity pool and does require using a ladder or deep steps to get in or out. Yes----food is expensive- you are in Hawaii for goodness sake. Yes---parking can be a bit tight but if you can't find a spot in either of the 2 lots, the valet will take care of parking your car for free. Do you really want them to build a parking garage to block your view? Yes---there is a $15 resort fee which covers parking, fitness center access, tennis and in room coffee and tea, etc. Of all the hotels that we visited while in Maui, the only one that didn't charge a resort fee was the Four Seasons. If you didn't know about it before arriving, shame on your travel agent for not telling you- or shame on your for booking on line and not researching it thoroughly. Yes---this is a resort that will have families because of the gorgeous pools and Camp Hyatt. All of the hotels in Maui will have children. If you don't want to see any children while you are on vacation, I can recommend some great adults only resorts in the Caribbean or Mexico. There are none in Maui. There are others that may not have as many kids but, that will also be based on the time of year that you are traveling. I have sent many honeymooners and families to this resort and will continue to do so. I have heard only 1 complaint from clients and, I would say that it was more due to the time of year that they traveled than the hotel's fault. They traveled during the spring break vacation and were not pleased about the amount of kids there. I would be happy to answer any questions you might have about the resort. I can be reached at mindy@myvacationlady.com. Sorry that I haven't had time to post our pictures on my website yet. It is in the plans to do shortly. I would recommend this resort and would go back again.