Stayed here for two nites when I was in Maui in mid-December. We were in Maui for a week and since we knew we would be out every day, we spent our first 4 nites at Lahaina Shores (see my review there and trip report) and then 2 nites here. Hotel Impressions: Check in wasn't bad, we got there at noon though and our room wasn't ready yet so they held our luggage while we lounged by the pool. My friend had something stolen from her bag though--just jewelry she had bought, so don't leave anything of value in an easy to reach bag compartment with the bellhop!!! it wasn't anything that important so we didn't make a big deal of it. Otherwise service was friendly and accomodating. Our room was nice, we had partial ocean view and it was very clean and roomy. The grounds at the hotel are pretty well maintained, and hardly any bugs! They also have live animals on the premises--ie penguins, flamingoes. The hotel overall is nice and clean but... Since it was the holiday season, the pool was definitely crowded. It was hard to find chairs but we did. We only went to the Hyatt to have one 'relaxing day' during our trip but we didn't even really get to enjoy it cuz there was so much other stuff we wanted to do before we left! But i did manage to spend a couple hrs lying on an inflatable float around the pool. They also have a big slide. The pool is huge so the pool wasnt crowded, it was the pool lounge area....and i hate that people would get up to leave for the day but leave their towels behind cuz then u dont really know if the chair is taken or not. The Drums of the pacific luau was fun. Partially cuz the hula boy dancers are hot ;) This is the only luau with a fire dancer and altho he messed up a couple times, he was hot so who cares. hehe. The food was pretty good. I guess it varies cuz one person at our table who's been there a few times said this time the food improved. HOWEVER my friend had a stomache problem afterwards but i was fine... it is a buffet though so thats bound to happen. But, if u want to skip the dinner and just see the show, u can if you are a guest. after dinner they open up the entrances and anyone can just drop in and see the performance for free. we had complementary breakfast (we booked thru expedia) and breakfast was great! u sit in a nice open area and its buffet style with fresh fruit and lots of other food stuff. didnt eat at the hotel otherwise though. all in all, we had a short stay here and it was nice. i would prob come back again but only for a short stay, since there are tons of things to do in maui. i checked out the Sheraton at black rock and i thought hyatt was nicer.