OK, admittedly, we are a difficult to please family. The Hyatt came close to surpassing expectations but ultimately falls a bit short. First the positives: The lobby is beautiful and different than most hotels. It is full of exotic animals and has a nice tropical look. The kids (11 and 15) loved interacting with the animals and loved the fact that penguins were in the lobby. Service was above aveage. The hotel outsources its concierge and activity desk to Expedia and the Expedia employees who work on commission are eager to please. They know the island and follow up with you as if you are the only guest in the hotel. Service is consistently excellent throughout all departments. The pool is above average with more than enough swimming area, three waterfalls, a cave, volleyball nets and a fun but intense slide. We usually ate breakfast at the hotel and an occasional lunch. The breakfast buffet and ala carte menus are available in a restaurant by the pool or in a nicer restaurant with a view of the grounds. The later is pricier but offers a more elaborate buffet. We also had lunch at the pool restaurant and were pleased with the selection, taste and limited service (you self order and the waitress brings you your food in a pretty timely manner.) Vallet parking was smooth and the car was always waiting for me when I called ahead. Price was $12 per day and this avoided having to search for a spot after returning from an outing. Well worth it. Pleanty of shops in the hotel including a Macys. Hotel is located at the south end of the beach with a nice beach walkway to restaurants and shopping in what they call Whalers Village. Good excursions including a surfing lesson in Lahaina (next town south) two days of golf in Kapalua (over-rated and over-priced but still a must) a sail with Paragon (many good sailing/whale watching and snorkeling trips are available) wife spent two half days at spa and enjoyed and we took an all day trip to Hana by tour van which was nice but too long. We also were sold tickets to a show in Lahaina (Broadway style) depicting the history of Hawaii. This show (name escapes me) was one of the highlights of the trip. Ask the concierge and go. Also did the Hyatt's exclusive tour of the stars on its rooftop which was good but not great but a good way to bond w the kids for an hour. Took a day trip to the Aquarium on last day and liked it as well, explored the town of Paia and Waiela (Fairmont and Four Seasons and Big Beach) all worth the drives. OK now the negatives -remember we are tough to please and overall I would rate this hotel an 8 out of 10. We stayed during the Christmas week (12/23 to 1/1) and paid $550 per night for a pretty standard room which was classified as a partial Ocean view. It was on a low floor and was comfortable but nothing great. If your not going Ocean front I would go for the cheapest room. The partial Ocean view is nothing more than a glimpse of the ocean. With resort fee and tax it comes in over $600. Over-priced by any standard. The Hyatt is not a Four Seasons or Ritz. We also went to The Luau at the Hyatt on New Year's eve. Nothing special. Second time at a Luau. Fell asleep and paid $537 for myself, wife and two kids. Avoid this like the plague. Checking in on Saturday night was a bit of a problem as the cars go 20 deep and block the entrance to check in due to the hotel's very active night club Spatts. This was a Saturday night issue only. Two biggest problems with the property: A) The unimpressive Beach and the additional $40 they extort from you if you want the privilege of a "Cabana" which is really a set of two lounge chairs on the beach with a movable shade covering. These cabanas were difficult to rent during this busy period leaving many people with no ability to lay on the beach (Hyatt does not let you move a pool lounge chair to the beach - as they say Maui does not allow it.) You are allowed to buy a chair at Whaler's Village and bring it to the beach, but I did not see any guests doing so. This is way too expensive hotel not to have comfortable spots on the beach for its guests. In addition, the beach is very narow and nothing to write home about. If you are a beach lover (I am not) this hotel is not for you. A related problem was the game of musical chairs at the pool. The lounge chairs are gone by 9:00AM but the pool staff will find chairs for you if you ask them. They will generally bring them to a spot further away from the pool than most desire. The pool staff also tags chairs and attempts to enforce a no show for an hour lose the chair policy but the staff doesn't take the policy seriously. Simply put, they need another 100 chairs and should use the $600 a night to invest in them. B) Although I can afford this hotel and have stayed at RC and Four Seasons, I was offended by the nickel and diming at the Hyatt, including $12 to print boarding passes at the business center, absurdy mark-ups at shops in hotel for sundries, $10 to rent a tennis raquet despite $15 resort fee, $25 per person buffet breakfast with 12 being the oldest age for a kids price, $40 for beach chairs if you could get them and $537 for a Lual. In closing the hotel was very nice aand we had a good experience, but it was anaverage value, which is generally the price you pay forvacatioing in peak season.