We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Maui over the Christmas 2006 holiday, and while we thought the hotel was really lovely, do not book here if you want to avoid families and lots of little children. The place was knee deep in both. Since we would have preferred a bit more peace and quiet, this was a bit of a disappointment. However, a couple of comments to share: positive and negative...at the suggestion of other reviewers, we upgraded our room from a mountain view to a room on the Regency Club floor. It cost us an extra $145 PER NIGHT, although that also included an improved view (1/2 mountain and 1/2 ocean...very nice). What you also get for that is pass key access to the club lounge...continental breakfast in the AM, snackies and drinks during the day, and cocktails and nibbles in the evening. We probably saved a fortune in breakfast buffet costs and bar charges taking this deal! The lounge coffee maker was broken one morning, and the food was not particularly inspired, but the staff in this lounge were absolutely terrific....Friendly...willing to chat, make evening restaurant bookings and recommendations. Also with the Regency Club floor you get nice spa toiletries, towels get changed twice a day, and the A/C worked!!! We also liked that we were located in the main atrium...right at the center of things. Also nice was the lei and shell greeting by the bellman...and a great overview commentary and welcome. The staff here really are very nice. The only problem with the room was a leaky toilet, but since it didn't affect the worx, we weren't too bothered about it. A great power shower! The comments we read about the atrium lobby are true. It is a feast for the eyes and ears...birds, penguins, music, all out in the open...there is no roof on the atrium lobby, and the sun streams into the courtyard in the morning and you wake up to birds chirping and singing. Idyllic. There are also some nice shops in the hotel. A really nice Macy's. Travel agents. Jewellery shops. Gifts, sundries...fun to walk around and browse. There is a lovely beach walk between the hotel and the Whaler's Village and we walked this stretch of path quite a few times. The Westin and the Marriott (timeshare) are other hotels enroute. The beach at the Hyatt is virtually nonexistent and the pool area is always crowded...with LOTS OF KIDS...but we always managed to find lounge space on the grass overlooking the ocean. The food in the Hyatt Regency generally was not all that impressive. We ate in Spats twice, once in the Swan Court, and once in Cascades. It was pretty expensive. So were the cocktails around the pool, but the bar staff were also very friendly. The lunches we had in the Pavillion were pricey, but appetizing. Downtown Lahaina is close to the hotel. You can take a bus from the Whaler's Village for $1 each way, or grab a cab. There are lots of nice restaurants and shops to browse around in town. We highly recommend David Paul's. It was a feast for the culinary senses. We also ate at Lailanis in Whalers' (recommended). Avoid the Rusty Harpoon unless you like sports bars. Nice shops in the Whalers. Be prepared to drop some big bucks here. Hawaii ain't cheap, but the weather is what we went for, and we both came back brown and rested. I think the next time we go, we'll head for Wailea Beach instead, though....possibly the Four Seasons.