After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, we chose the Hyatt Regency Maui as the place to go for our diverse group (1 senior, 1 child, and 6 adults with various ideas of what a vacation should be). The Hyatt definitely did NOT disappoint! We made sure to call in advance to book our 4 rooms in a block. We had 1 deluxe ocean view and 3 partial ocean view rooms all on the 7th floor in the Lahaina tower. The deluxe ocean view, which faced towards the center of the property, was fantastic! The partial oceans also had beautiful mountain/ocean views, but we often kept the sliding door closed due to the excessive highway noise and the daily 3+ hour drumming coming from the nightly luaus. If you get a partial ocean, ask for a different tower! If it wasnt so noisy, I wouldve given the hotel 5 stars instead of 4. Again, the Hyatt met all of the needs of our diverse group. Our kid was happy in the pool and at the beach, our senior enjoyed walking the lush grounds and shopping downstairs (Macys right in the lobby of the hotel!), the active adults enjoyed snorkeling right off the beach, and the less-active adults enjoyed lounging poolside or in one of the beachside cabanas. Daily breakfast buffet at the Swan Court (we had the promo deal) was to die for. Eggs benedict, pancakes, assortment of breads/pastries, scrambled eggs, bacon, variety of sausages, made to order omelets, papayas and fresh pineapplejust to name a few of the offerings. Plus, the breakfast offerings changed somewhat from day to day. Very attentive service. Also had dinner at Cascades (gorgeous setting  excellent service - decent food) and Sonz (overpriced, powerful flavors). Lunch at the Pavillion (self serve, great Mediterranean salad, huge portions). Housekeeping came at the perfect timearound 11 AM daily. Just late enough to let you sleep in, but early enough so that you could come back to your room for a mid-afternoon shower and nap. Beds were extremely comfortable. Down pillows and bedding and a pillow top for the mattress. Rooms were very clean and zen-like with an Asian feel. Stayed here November 24-28th  definitely worth the price (package deal through Expedia).