Aloha, My wife and I and our 2 kids (ages 8 and 5) just returned from 6 nights at the Hyatt over Thanksgiving. The grounds are beautiful. The main hotel area is basically one large open air atrium. It's lush, beautiful, well groomed and maticulously maintained. Is it five star? If 1 star is the lowest and 5 the highest, and the hotel is graded on a curve compared to other hotels on the island, it is 4 stars. The Four Seasons, Grand Wailea, and Kei Lani are just a cut above. If the Hyatt was on Oahu, it would be 5 stars. Nevertheless, even under this possibly unfair test, the resort grounds are great. The problem with this Hyatt is the service. To be fair, I notice service far more when I am travelling with my kids than I do travelling alone on business or with my wife on romantic holiday. As all of you travelling parents know, travelling with kids is stressful and difficult, so good service can make a vacation, and vice versa. To begin, the hotel did not deliver the room which was booked and confirmed prior to departure. We booked a room with a king bed and a sofa bed, and we received the resort's smallest room with 2 double beds. 4 people in a room is tough enough, but this room, with 2 side by side beds, left no room to move at all. We also paid the additional cost for a partial ocean view room, and we got a parking lot view. The bellman took over a half an hour to deliver our bags, which is unacceptable. If it was just my wife and I, we would have gone to the bar, had a mai tai, and enjoyed the surroundings, but we had 2 small kids in tow, and we had been travelling all day. A romantic walk around the gardens to kill time was not happening. To the hotel's credit, they moved us late the next day. While this was appreciated, we spent an entire day without unpacking, which is tough with kids. Another problem was with the maid service. I don't know if it was the location of our room or what, but they always came late in the afternoon. Again, this is unacceptable when travelling with kids as the late afternoon is when they either nap or clean up to go out to dinner. Getting a knock at the door at 4:00 from housekeeping when the kids are in bed is not appropriate. There are other issues as well. For one, while the family pool area is fantastic, there are no where near enough lounge chairs. If it were just a couple lounging in the sun, it doesn't matter as much, but with kids, you need a "home base" and it must be within eye shot of the play area. Also, the wait service in the family area is horrible. The servers admit that they are short staffed in that area, and that one of the reasons is that they sell much less alcohol in the family area so it does not get the attention that the adult area gets. The ladies were very polite, but they just couldn't cover the ground necessary to properly serve 100 families. At the breakfast buffet, there was little variety from day to day. There was no variety on the kids menu. They also were slow to clear plates to make room for new servings. Not a big thing, but a 5 star resort should do better. On the other hand, everyone was very polite. The valets were great. The family pool is terrific. Overall the place is nice. It's an upscale resort with all of the trimmings. We prefer the Kaanapali area to others on the island, and this is the best resort in this area. But a resort that bills itself as a 5 star family property should pay more attention to service.