We stayed in Maui for several days while my husband was running in the Maui Marathon. I researched the hotels in Kaanapali area with attention to those being teenager friendly, ameneties and relatively quiet in light of the hustle and bustle of the marathon atmosphere. The hotel was clean, but not spotless. The rooms were somewhat dated and I would have liked the room to be larger especially since our teenagers were with us. The bathroom was especially crowded. The bathroom amenities and towels were first-rate as was the bedding. We had an in-room coffee machine. We opted for the Regency Club floor, partial ocean view and were entirely happy. The Club breakfast room offers fruit and juices, an nice espresso machine, hot cooked oatmeal, cereals/milk, bagels, toast and bottled water. We would take several waters for our trips away from the resort. At around noon they provided beverages and snacks and in the evening they have appetizers, alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks, veggies trays, and cheese/fruit trays with crackers. We aren't big eaters and found the fare entirely adequate. We ate at Cascades once and found the food to be average. The Swan Court was expensive and often had a line to get seated. The pool area was very nice. There is very little "crowd control" and I suspected that many of the lounge chairs were being occupied by guests from other resorts or locals. The chairs became scarce at about noon. You can rent a cabana on the beach and even have a massage in one of the beach spa cabanas. The waiters/waitresses were great...friendly, prompt, and engaging. There is a food area and bar where you can purchase sandwiches, burgers, et al and very expensive. There is a narrow beach in front of the hotel, not safe for swimming and not large enough to sunbathe. Immediately north about a 15 minute walk away is the very nice Kaanapali beach, great for swimming, boarding and sunning. Whaler's Village, a shopping and dining area is about a 20 minute walk. The best part of the resort was the Fitness Center, nice machines, free weights and treadmills...open 24/7 for those of us from east of Hawaii who are still waking up to our time zone. The resort sports a Catamaran, the Kiele V. We took an evening cruise and snorkel trip with the crew and were duly impressed. Michael and Amy were especially admirable crew members! Overall, the staff was friendly and helpful. The staff in the Regency Club was especially helpful in offering the local's perspective in things to do and not do while on the island. The hotel is nicely placed away from the activity at Whaler's Village and in close proximity to Lahaina for shopping/eating.