The Hyatt definitely exceeded our expectations. We did extensive research on where to stay in Kanaapali- and upon checking out other properties nearby, were extremely happy with our choice. The Hyatt is upscale yet tropical- they take great pride in the uptake of the hotel, especially the beautiful gardens. While this is a large resort, there is never a shortage of chairs by the pool- or on the lawn nearby over looking the ocean. We walked the entire beach walk and definitely thought that the ambiance and beauty of the property far exceeded the others- the Westin was a distant second, but seemed much more hectic and not as lush and tropical. The Sheraton did not look that nice, even thought had a great location on Black Sand beach- you can easily walk there from the Hyatt- so we were actually happy to be away from the crowds that snorkel there during the day. The rooms were very nice, with the exception of the check-in experience. We arrived late from the West Coast and were met by a rude front desk who informed us that there were no more Partial Ocean view rooms left with king beds. This was quite annoying to argue about at midnight after a long trip- particularly after I confirmed our view and bed type numerous times via phone and received email confimations from the hotel the week before arrival. She was quite unapologetic- to the point of rude- definitely no "aloha spirit" there. Upon complaining the next day- we were informed that they do not guarantee bedding type only view (this seems ridiculous...). However, this front desk associate was much friendlier and offered to upgrade us to a deluxe ocean with a king for no extra cost- but we would have to wait until the following day. It was worth the wait, since our room on the 18th floor of the Napili Tower was fabulous- with a gorgeous view and breeze, even being set above the pool- we could hear the waves crashing at night. The rooms are very well kept and incoroprate some local flavor while still being high end. The beds and linens were great and housekeeping was very prompt and did a great job. We ate breakfast in the room every morning on our lanai - storing some light yogurt, juice and fruit in our mini fridge that we requested. Otherwise the service was good- not excellent, but given that this a larger resort there is no hand holding here like the Four Seasons. However, there is an activity booking center on-site and Jeffrey at the concierge desk was wonderful- giving us some honest local advice. This resort offers a multitude of restaurants, but there are so many other great ones nearby in Whalers Village and otherwise (Sansei, Hula Grill, Mama's, etc- that there is no need to stay at the hotel every night). We had the breakfast buffet at Swan Court a couple days, which was pricey but good. The pool food is good and we thought rooms service (definitely worth a sunset dinner on the lanai if you have an ocean view) was very tasty and worth the cost. The gym at the Hyatt is excellent- providing cold cloths, chilled lemon water and some great views from the machines. The pools and waterslide were fun (even for us with no kids!) -- the only thing is that pool chairs could have been upgraded, since quite a bit of them are broken and did not have any cushions. Definitely utilize the beach walk for some excercize or a stroll to dinner. Also, we never utilized the valet and never had any problems using the self park. Enjoy, the Hyatt is definitely the pick of the crop in this part of the island!