I should have posted this back in September of 2005, shortly after I returned. But I've been so busy with my new job that I was unable to. My wife and I love to travel, but with the births of our sons, we've scaled back a bit. This was the first major vacation for my whole family. We split our time in Maui between this hotel, and the Grand Wailea. We chose these two hotels because of their water features which are important for those of us with kids! This hotel is wonderful! My wife was born and raised in Hawaii so we've stayed in the islands quite a bit. This is one of the best hotels in Maui, IMHO, due to its prime location in Ka'anapali, and some very nice amenities. Given my exposure to the Hawaiian culture (I even drum now for a Hula troop run by my wife's sister), I can honestly say this hotel has a lot of the Hawaiian flavor. Being there felt like I was distinctively in Hawaii. It's not the newest of hotels, but they do a great job at keeping it up quite nicely. It was very clean and decently maintained. The rooms were not elaborate nor luxerious compared to other hotels in which we've stayed, but were very comfortable for my wife and me and our two boys (ages 3 and 1 at the time). The pool and grounds were fantastic! The grounds were very lush and very Hawaiian! (As opposed to other hotels which have Hawaiian themes, but are still very "European". Walking on the "rope bridge" through the gardens reminded me of my drive years ago along the winding road to Hana (in Maui). They also had live birds and a wonderful coi pond which captured my boys' attentions and imaginations. I can't stop raving about this hotel, and I've stayed at some of the best in Maui (The Ritz in Kapalua and the Grand in Wailea). While the rooms and infrastructure really aren't even on the same page as the Ritz or the Grand, all of the other intangibles move it right up there with this five star hotels. Great job! We'll be back and will take this over the Ritz. The Grand is another story altogether.