We stayed at the Hyatt for six nights during our marriage and honeymoon in Hawaii. If you are looking for a very large resort experience, this is a beautiful place to stay. As the other reviews have stated, the lobby, pools and grounds are very beautifully landscaped and well-kept, and I have to say that the entire hotel was spotlessly clean. We didn't spend much time at the pools, but they are large and expansive, and every day I noticed that there were ample pool chairs available as well as chairs that sit on the lawn overlooking the ocean. The staff of the hotel were all very pleasant and really made us feel welcome. This resort is located at the end of Kaanapali Beach, so it is a bit of a walk to get down to Whalers Village and snorkeling at Black Rock. We loved the walk down the beach path, especially at night when the moon was full, but just some info for anyone who may not enjoy walking. Also, you have to walk about five to ten minutes to get to the wider, larger area of swimming beach, as the beach in front of the Hyatt is rocky. I saw several people snorkeling in front of the Hyatt, but we walked down to Black Rock to snorkel. Easy entry and a lot of fish! Also, about the children thing that I saw in many reviews: yes, there are kids here, but I think you will find that with any resort that is not adults only. We like kids and enjoyed watching them play, but the hotel certainly wasn't overrun with them and we did not find that they disrupted our "honeymoon" time at all! There are two reasons that this resort lost a circle for us: One is that the hotel decor is a little dated...it seems to have not been renovated in a long time. But as I said, it is impeccably clean and well-maintained. The second reason was just a glitch we had with our room assignment...if you do stay here, ask to be put in one of the two towers that have been renovated. There is one tower, to the far left as you are facing the hotel, in which the carpets have not been changed out and are very stained (we checked two rooms with the same problem before being moved to a different tower). The staff was most accomodating in helping us rectify this problem and even gave us entry to the Regency Club for the rest of our stay to compensate us. We are not the complaining type, but the state of the carpets in that tower was pretty disappointing, especially when we were paying for a full oceanfront room. They said they are scheduled to renovate that tower as well, I just don't know when. Our new room was much better with a beautiful view of the ocean. We didn't eat at the hotel much, but did enjoy the breakfast buffet that was included in the price. I wouldn't pay $50 a day for it if it wasn't worked into the price, however. We mostly ate down in Lahaina, which is only a five-minute drive away. Check out Aloha Mixed Plate right next door to the Old Lahaina Luau on Front Street if you want amazing local food! If you go there during the Luau hours, you can hear the Luau going on, as it is right next door. The prices there were incredibly low for wonderful food. We skipped many other high-end restuarants we were planning on visiting to eat there several times! Hula Grill in Whaler's Village was also delicious and a fun atmosphere. Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt very much! Personally, I preferred the condo experience we had in Kauai before coming to Maui, but that's just my preference. We spent most of our time out seeing the islands and don't really like to hang around the hotel much. But If you're looking for the amenities and activities of a large resort, it would be hard not to love this Hyatt. Aloha!