Just returned from group reward trip to Hyatt Maui. We really enjoyed the trip to Maui and Hyatt. The staff was always pleasant, quick service and attentive. The grounds were beautiful and the view (ocean view from Napili Tower 3rd floor) was great. If you stay there you would want 3rd floor or much higher as top of palms would block your view. We overlooked gardens, ocean, pool, and waterfall. The room did appear somewhat dated in decor but well maintained. We really liked the small walkin closet and robes. The lanaii (balcony) is pretty small, but we felt if we wanted to be outside we would be sitting at pool or grassy area by beach or restaurant/bar. The pools are very nice. The kids pool had lots of things for them to do and slide. The adult pool was large. The chairs are fairly close together, but we usually sat out in grassy area overlooking beach/ocean. It was much quieter there and we did have good waitress service as well for the bar for drinks. Can't really say too much about the food since we were with a group and ate mostly buffet style. Transportation to airport was provided by group but costs if you have to do it yourself if you don't rent a car. If you haven't been to Maui before you really need a car to get around to the many things Maui offers. We enjoyed the location in Kaanapali as we could walk to restaurants up the beach. The Hula Grill was fantastic! we ate there twice. Food is very expensive no matter where you go. In Lahaina we ate at BJ's Pizza (best price lunch, salad and individual pizza for $7.50). Banquet for group was excellent at the Hyatt. Presentation was fabulous. Hubby golfed at the Plantation. He said it was difficult course, but loved it and views were awesome! I had a massage at the Hyatt spa. Very nice, large spa. Just be warned that men and women are mixed at different times in robes. Men and women give the massages, so if picky ask for what you want. If you would get a chance they do have beachside massage area. Fantastic views and surf sounds would make this a great way to get a massage. Went to Hyatt in Kaui last year, did like the actual grounds there better, but views on Maui are priceless. Went to Maui on family trip 6 years ago and if we did that again I probably would not be able to afford Hyatt. Would do the condo way again due to high food costs. There are many choices for condos. We stayed just North of Kaanapali then and liked the location there as well. Can't wait to go back to Maui no matter where I stay!