Have just returned from a week's stay over the New Year with my family - husband and more-or-less adult children(16-24 years). We booked the trip through our travel agent and had two rooms which included buffet breakfast. We were greeted courteously and helped by the staff immediately upon arrival. Our rooms were clean and nicely appointed. We had a lovely, comfortable king-sized bed and the other room had a queen bed and double bed. The hotel managed to put us in rooms right beside each other. Refrigerators were brought in as soon as we asked. Even though Maui was completely booked, the service at the hotel was polite and timely. We had gorgeous buffet breakfasts at Swan Court every morning. We picked up a few things from a grocery store in Lahaina for lunches and snacks so our only other meal expenses were from dinners in Lahaina. We didn't eat in the hotel or in Whaler's Village but did eat at Hard Rock Cafe, Compadres, Cilantros, and Cheeseburger in Paradise. All of these were fine - Cilantros is more of a diner and there is no alcohol license but the Mexican food was really good. All of the restaurants easily accomodated the various dietary needs of our group without fuss. I would avoid Bubba Gump's like the plague - the last time we were in Maui, we ate there and the whole place reeked of mildew and the food was barely palatable. Still, we saw people lined up in big long lines almost every night! I didn't have the book but I think looking at something like Maui Revealed might be helpful - something similar is how we found Compadres and Cilantros. I have to laugh at reviews that complain about the beach at the Hyatt - yes, it's kind of rocky but all you have to do is walk a short way down the beach to the Marriott beach and there's a very nice area for swimming, boogy boarding, and surfing. A little bit more of a walk and you are at Black Rock which is a great place for snorkeling - we saw all sorts of fish and a few big turtles! We went with Paragon for a catamaran sail to Molokini for snorkeling. It was kind of windy, making the snorkeling a bit choppy but it was still great - saw lots of fish and two small sharks - maybe reef sharks? We saw flying fish along the way and quite a few whales - complete breaches and even a whale tail or two. The way back was a gas - we got going about 21 knots. Again, I have to laugh - there were some families whose kids sat with MP3 players plugged into their ears the entire time. Many people didn't even get off the boat to snorkel. And then I heard one guy whining that he didn't think the snorkeling was very good - he had been in the water for maybe 5 minutes! I could just imagine the review he would write. Amyway, the trip was expensive but good. I would happily return to the Hyatt. I like it's location on Kaanaplai - it's at the end furthest away from Whaler's village so is nice and quiet. The grounds are beautiful and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!