We just returned from a 7 night stay at the Hyatt in Maui. I booked the trip through Hotwire leaving from Phoenix. For three travelers it cost us around $4000 for air, car and hotel. We are Hyatt gold (platinum) members. Let me start by saying I called Hyatt prior to leaving to see if I could use our points to upgrade to a suite and because we didn't book direct through Hyatt, no upgrades allowed. We called the hotel prior to arrival to see about paying for an upgrade and again no luck. Apparently the hotel was sold out during our stay of Dec. 20th through the 27th. Even so I heard conversations of others that did get upgraded. I believe if I hadn't booked through a discount company we may have gotten an upgrade. We were more than willing to pay an additional charge. Upon check-in the front desk attendant did leave the desk for quite some period of time to see if we could get a room with two beds as opposed to a room with one bed and a sleeper sofa. We didn't see that room, but what we ended up with was a room on the 8th floor (top floor of the tower) with a partial, pretty good ocean view (room 813) with a queen and a double for our 13 year old son. Nice enough room, but a little tired looking. I generally pick newer properties when we vacation in hopes of fresher, nicer rooms. For example, the Hyatt in Huntington Beach, CA is only 3 years old and we love that property! I'm guessing there might be larger rooms if you upgrade to the Regency Club or of course a suite. We were hoping we would at least be able to upgrade to the use of the Regency Club to take advantage of the free breakfast, but Hyatt didn't see it that way. This was our fourth trip to a Hyatt property in 2005. All that said, the property is beautiful for a hotel that's over 20 years old. It was very busy around the pool area, but again we realized the property was sold out. And yes, food is expensive. What are you going to do? It's Hawaii pricing. The breakfast buffet by the pool is around $19.00. And don't try to throw an extra bagel on the plate or they'll ask 'how many in party?' as if I'm feeding two off of that plate! The staff is friendly for the most part. The concierge desk staff also work the Expedia.fun activities desk it seems. (A little commission going on there?) If traveling with children that love to be on the beach I'd recommend a property a little further up the Kaanapali strip of hotels. The beach in front fo the Hyatt is very narrow and difficult to get to. If you enjoy walking this Kaanapali area is perfect as you can walk the beach for 20 to 30 minutes one way. Beautiful in the early mornings! We noticed that snorkeling excursions as well as helicopters rides were worth shopping around for. Prices varied greatly. Do drive up to the Kapalua area and have lunch at the Plantation Clubhousse. Gorgeous setting.