Originally, we were staying at the Maui Prince Hotel but decided to upgrade because it is on the far southern end of the west coast and didn't seem like there was much to do nearby. Plus, it didnt have a "resort feel" to it. Arriving at the Hyatt on our Honeymoon, we discovered how beautiful the grounds were immediately. The flowers, trees and animals were perfectly arranged. Unfortunately, we had to wait in line for the valet to accept my key for the car(valet people were hard at work but there was only a couple of them for all of the guests, also it costs 10bucs a day + tip each time which I felt a little obligated to do...it worked out to about 16-20bucs/day). Each time we used the car we called down in advance to have the car pulled around, it was never there...plus a 15-20minute wait due to staffing issues...I felt bad so I tipped them anyway. Also, we had to wait in line for 25 minutes to check-in(not very pleasant when you have just taken a 13hr flight). Seems like a consistent problem because everyday we walked by there always seemed to be a line. We received Leis when we finally reached the desk as well as a complimentary bottle of champagne when we get settled in..which was very nice! ROOMS: Very nice. They didn't have any king sized beds(even though our package was for honeymooners and requested a king) so they gave us a double and a queen which actually was ok with us, oh well! Othewise, the rooms were great. The minibar was nice to have in the room but I would prefer to have just an empty fridge so we could put things in(the mini bar was stuffed). The resort fee for 15bucs is RIDICULOUS. You get a free paper,1hr at the tennis courts, free local calling(so I can call all of my friends in Maui=0), coffee maker in the room, entrance fee to the gym...Didnt include internet access. They have an outsourced internet company if you need access with their computer...$5 to sign in + $1 per minute. A bit pricey for me but you can go to Lahaina at one of the internet shops and do it much cheaper. POOL: Very nice. The water falls were great and the slide was soo much fun. All adults in this line...yep that much fun! They make you wear a wristband for some reason as well...so dont forget! There was shallow as well as deep parts in the pool and a separate pool for the kids(very nice). There wasn't any problem getting chairs by the pool assuming you were there before 10am. Otherwise you would have a tough time. Other than that, it was so nice sitting by the pool having some expensive drinks($9-$11 for frozen drinks) POOL BAR: It was located between 2 waterfalls under a rock structure( sounds cool but not once you see it). 3-4 people there at one time the most, otherwise empty. And you had to get out of the pool to get a drink. They need to redesign that area of the resort. FOOD: BREAKFAST: Swan Court($23.95 buffet) was open only for breakfast at the time and you had a long wait if you got there any later than 700am. Otherwise there were between 35-40 people in line and a 30-45min wait...nice once you got in(landscape and food were very nice) but not worth the wait after just getting up. LUNCH: There is a place next to the pool where you can get sandwiches(PB&J $6.50, Tunasalad $8.50, and burgers($11)...etc. Otherwise, you can get served at your chair by the pool which was nice. DINNER: A couple of restaurants on the premise which were nice but not incredible. The italian restaurant SPATS was good and had much to offer. The waiter was very helpful with our bottle of wine and we enjoyed the atmosphere. There is a long walkway that extends behind a bunch of resorts that borders on the beach that has quite a few restaurants(Leilani's,Hula Grill, Rusty Harpoon(food and service very poor)and shops(Whalers Village). A wonderful evening stroll to and from dinner. I highly suggest going just before sunset...an amazing view! As for gathering places to meet other couples...it really doesnt have any. We had just come from the Marriot in Kaui and thought how nice it was to bump into other couples at the bar and talk...not so much at the Hyatt. There is a small bar next to the pool but it has only 5 chairs up against a wall with a TV overhead that you cant see. They need a central location for a swim up pool bar...resorts that have this makes afternoons soo much fun. BEACH: Narrow. You will have to walk either way for the beach to get wider which wasnt a big problem at all. WATER Warm and clear but you can only walk out into the water for about 10ft...then the rocks hurt your feet but you can go either way and the beach to avoid it. LOCATION: Great for traveling to Lahaina. About a $12 cab ride. Great bars, food and tons of shops. Also tons of activites there! The Hyatt is a beautiful place that you will enjoy to the fullest if you arent concerned about money in the least bit. Otherwise, it starts to wear on you after droping between $350-500/day(drinks +food). I hope this helps! If you have any questions, please shoot me an email and I wil help you as much as I can! Mark PS: Everyone should buy Maui Revealed! Excellent book that tells everything you need to know...we bought 3 of them for 3 diff islands...very objective and exact.