We stayed at the Hyatt for our 20th anniversary from August 16 to 23. We admired the pool at the Hyatt 20 years ago when we stayed at the Sheraton, so we decided to stay at the Hyatt this time around. Amenities We asked for a refrigerator upon arrival and one was promptly delivered to our room. We stored soda in there and it was great to have it. As many people have mentioned, the daily $15 resort fee is a bit ridiculous. It covers a paper delivered to your room, the coffeemaker/coffee in your room, 2 passes to the fitness center on the grounds and local calls. Can I pass on this stuff and NOT pay the fee? Service The service was good and workers are very polite. Another guest checked us out of our room by accident one day and they solved the problem within an hour. We were greated with a congratulations on your anniversary and promised a bottle of champagne (which never materialized.) The only problem was when a worker walked into our room around 3:30pm without knocking and caught my husband with no clothes on after his shower. I was sitting on the couch in the room when it happened and she just backed out of the room without a sorry or anything. (She was probably embarrassed.) We asked the front desk about it (when we straightened out the accidental check out thing) but we never found out who she was. So, we were paranoid from then on if we heard a noise by the door! Rooms Our room was in a terrible location! Room 103 is right across the hall from the hotel doctor and the elevator. Patients were lined up in the hall to get into the doctor and kept stealing our paper in the morning. Our room view was of the parking lot. Where would they have put us if we werent celebrating a special occasion? The room itself is a good size, with a sofa to watch tv. But the bathrooms are tiny. You cant shut the door without edging out of the way. Nice walk-in closet, though. Grounds & Pool The lovely grounds have wooden plank walkways that take you through lush foliage give you a breathtaking ocean view. The pool is divided into a kid area and an adult area by a giant 30ft lava rock formation. There is 30ft waterslide that comes out on the kid side. You have to ask where it is because it is blends into the scenery so well that its hidden from view. Beyond the pool area are more tropical areas with exotic black swans, which are nice to stroll through. Beach The beach is narrow but you can walk down a bit in either direction and it widens. When the tide is low you can see a lot of coral and rock about 10 feet from where the beach breaks. Activities They advertise surfing lessons but no employee was able to successfully get us to them. Each person would point and say its right by those cabanas or its right over there and we would get there (well ahead of the appointed lesson time) and no one would show. Further inquiry yielded no results. Personally, I was curious to see where the lesson would be because the water directly in front of the hotel would be too dangerous due to the coral being less than a foot from the top of the water. No volleyball games or activities like we usually participate in. Kids The hotel has Camp Hyatt for kids. Plus, the kid pool is terrific to look at and swim in. There were more kids at this hotel than any other on Kaanapali. It was like Disneyworld in terms of quantity of kids. Lots of families brought their children and there were more of that crowd than couples without kids, which I found interesting considering the price of this hotel. The Hyatt on Maui is a great place to stay if you have kids, since the hotel really caters to them. Snorkeling Snorkeling in front of the Hyatt is dangerous in low tide. There is coral and fish but a wave could scrape you against the coral. We went to black rock by the Sheraton several times and it was as great as we remembered with lots of fish and giant sea turtles. We drove many miles in both directions and would pull over where we saw lots of cars parking. We snorkeled at some terrific sites and saw turtles at several of those sites. The water everywhere on Maui was crystal clear. Excursions The Hyatt has a travel facility at the hotel. We went on a trip taking us to both Molokini and Turtle Town for (gasp) $170 for two people. Molokini had a nice boat ride but tons of snorkeling boats there and very few fish. You see much more by the Sheraton or driving on your own (for free.) The turtle thing was a bust with only one turtle popping out of the water AFTER everyone got back on the boat to leave. (Almost like it was saying goodbye.) A few people saw one turtle while snorkeling but most saw none. The boat ride is pleasant and the views of the islands are nice during the ride. Food and Drink Some drinks that I had at the Hyatt were really strong (Mai Tai) and some were medium (Hypnotic Martini) and some were really weak (Pina Colada, Lava something) but all were tasty and were priced around $9 or $9.50. We never ate at Swan court because their Italian restaurant Spats was serving dinner there while they refurbished its original location. We had a few lunches by the pool that were good, but very expensive ($30 to $40.) We ate three times at a restaurant two towns over called Roys which had unbelievable gourmet food. I found out that theres a Roys in Chicago, which I will visit soon. That food was expensive but worth every single penny and included high end service too.