Maui is an unbelievably beautiful island to begin with, but Hyatt Regency Maui makes it even better. We 5 of our 10 night anniversary trip at the Hyatt Regency Maui. It was better than expected. Upon check-in we were upgraded from a terrace view to a golf mountain view. The view of the mountains are not quite what the oceanviews are, but it was well worth it. Our original room was only "ok." It was very spacious with a little love seat that allowed us to relax a bit, in addition to the bed. There happened to be some type of bug issue in our room. There are some type of pineapple bugs that were in and around the bathroom area. After one night, we called several times and finally we were moved to another room. In this transition, we were upgraded again to partial ocean view. This view was great, although there was no balcony to walk out on and sit. This was a bit disappointing. The resort itself is amazing. It has several restaurants with a little bit of something for everyone. The Swan Court (yes, real swans) restaurant is great, and has a wonderful view for a breakfast setting. The buffet style breakfast is perfect to start the day. The pool is probably the greatest asset to this hotel. It is large, with tons of seating capacity around. The wait staff was very quick and courteous in taking drink orders. There is a waterfall within the pool that is gorgeous. Underneath where the waterfall lands in the pool, you can actually swim to a bar that is beneath it. This poolside bar is very neat, as you can sit right in the water and have your drinks. There is a very fun slide in the pool that is certainly not just for children. We slid down it once and ended up doing it another few dozen times. Lots of fun and a definite way to get a smile and a laugh. If your trip is a special event for a loved one, I highly suggest you do the oceanfront candlelight dinner for two. You are set up dinner in a little thatched hut on the water, with tons of candles and a perfect setting for dinner. You have your own personal waiter who takes care of your order ahead of time, so you can enjoy the sunset and the food/wine. The food is 5-star, and the setting is just perfect. They certainly know how to make for a special night. The only setback we encountered, other than the room situation, was the beach. For three days, we were under the impression that there was basically no major beachfront sand. If you walk out from the resort, the water is in a cove of sorts, without waves. There is only a few feet of sand... What we didn't know is that if you walk around the corner 100 yards or so, the beach opens up. This, of course, is the beachfront for other hotels, which beckons the question on if it would be better to stay somewhere else. My suggestion is that you should definitely stay at the Hyatt Regency Maui for all of the non-beach amenities such as the dining and the pool, and know that there is only a very small walk to spend time on a lucious beach.