My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Maui from 5/16-5/22. I was concerned about this hotel before we went there because of some of the reviews on this site. After our experience there I realized most of the negative reviews were just picking on little things. The only negatives 2 pina colada drinks at the pool was close to $20 and if you're looking for a beach this is not the place. When we arrived we had a deluxe ocean view room which they upgraded to a deluxe ocean front room which had a view of the pool and of course the ocean. We headed to the pool and found it not to be crowded, keep in mind we were there during off season. The pool is excellent and the water slide is great. It lasts for about 5 secs then dumps you into 9 ft of water. To save a spot at the pool, grab your towels at the pool activities desk and lay your towels out on a chair. Do this at about 830 then grab breakfast and be back at the pool in an hour. If you're not back they'll remove your towels and assume you've left. Breakfast at Swan court can get crowded so eat at the pavillion by the pool its the same food and less crowded. As for the beach, you can rent a cabana for $30 an hour. I don't recommend doing that too expensive. Just walk towards whaler's village where there is a nicer beach. Also don't rent snorkel gear through the hotel $15 a day. Go to West Maui Sports $2.50 a day located behind Safeway or Snorkel Bobs $9 for a week for your snorkel gear. Since the beach was not good at the Hyatt, My wife and I went to the beach at the Sheraton Maui to Snorkel (Black Rock) which is a 20 min walk from the Hyatt or a 5 min drive. If you can't find free parking the hotels will charge $20 a day to park. Just a little tip, park inside Whaler's village. They'll give you 3 free hrs of parking if you buy something $10 or more. So buy something you're going to take back to the mainland. Then hit the beach. When your 3 hrs is almost up return to your car, drive out, then back in. Go back to a store, buy something like a maui t-shirt, then get the ticket validated again for 3 hrs. There you go 6hrs of parking for the beach and some gifts to bring back with you all for $20 or pay $20 at one of the hotels and all you get is a walk through their parking lot. Snorkeling at Black Rock was good we later went north on route 30 to Napili bay to snorkel, very nice calm water. During our stay I got sick, what was great about the hotel is that there is a doctor on site (Doctors on call). The staff at the hotel was very nice, I have no complaints about the staff. The room we had was clean and comfortable. I recommend eating out because the hotel restaurants are pretty expensive. Try the Aloha Mix Plate Grill right behind the Lahaina Cannery Mall and the Hula Grill at Whalers village. I also recommend the Pacific Whale Foundation if you want to snorkel Molokini and Lanai Island, just be advised that the water you'll be snorkeling in will be deep between 45-20 ft. Kinda wierd if you've never snorkeled in that deep of water before but you do get use to it. Well we had a great vacation at the Hyatt. Just have fun and don't worry about the small things......bye