Was pleasantly surprised with our stay at the Hyatt, although there were a few negatives. No check-in line upon arrival and met with a lei greeting. Paid with Hyatt certificates, told we were getting a partial ocean view, but for $50/nite could get a full ocean view. The partial ocean was a parking lot view in the Napili tower (anything on the outside of the Napili tower is over the parking lot) The ocean view room was in a great location, but dirty. The couch and rug were very stained-would not pay $450 (we were there for 8 nights) for a dirty room so went back down to the desk and told them we didn't want either room-rather we'd like an "inside"(facing the pool, ocean) room that wasn't all the way at the ocean end because we didn't want to pay the extra and was clean. They didn't have anything non-smoking,king until 2 days away, so we looked at a queen/double and a smoking king. We chose the smoking king, because it has the couch and coffee table, which the queen/doubkle did not. You could smell smoke occassionally in the hallway but not at all in the room. The rooms were very nice/minimalistic, but nice, with a low bed and really thick mattress, single sink, walk in closet. Bath area dark, but nice. The room wasn't very clean, lot of dust on the mirror and the sliding glass doors to the lanai had handprints, but I guess that's what you get at such a busy hotel. The pool, grounds, lobby are gorgeous. The kids section of the pool was a little too big and the swim through cave and cave bar were a little yucky. No beach in front of the Hyatt anymore, but you can walk down aways to a wider beach- the beach at the other end of K'anapali in front of the Sheraton was very nice. Saw a whale breeching out of the ocean when we walked down there. Whaler's Village restaurants good, but always a wait. Breakfast at the Hyatt is wonderful, but expensive. The other negative besides cleanliness was noise. The Hyatt has a lot of functions/weddings and they set them up on the lawn by the ocean by the Napili tower and they go past 10 p.m. Nice at first when you're getting ready for dinner, but the loud music gets old after awhile. Would say the Lahaina tower, inside would be the quietest place to stay. Atrium tower has tile floors and is over the open-air lobby. Hallways are very dark. There was ample parking, but not near the Napili tower as functions park in that lot-many times we had to park in the back behind the Lahaina tower. This review sounds a little negative, but just trying to give you a realistive view of the property. Overall, the Hyatt is beautiful and the staff was very helpful-waitresses by the pool brought water, rec'd a fridge in the room right after requesting one, and once the maid didn't restock our coffee, called down and they sent some up right away. Would stay here again-debated about Ka'anapali or Wailea, but those hotels were too expensive, enjoyed West Maui alot.