We literally just came back from Maui this morning. At first we went to Hyatt Waikiki and we thought that was a nice hotel but the Maui Hyatt is beautiful. The staff was very friendly, I will admit when we first got there we found ants in our bathroom but once we brought it to the attention of the front desk they quicklycleaned and gave us a $50 resort credit. Cascades has great drinks and the ribs are out of this world. We did go there for a complete dinner one night, it was rather costly but the food was good. We had breakfast at the Swan court every morning because it was included in our stay, the food varied on days but the view was very nice and again the staff was friendly. We went to the laua at the hotel and it was nice however we found that people who went on one of those time share presentations got there tixs for $51 where we paid $150. And if you do go to the laua don't pay the extra $ to have vip all the seats give good views just make sure you get on line for the laua about 20 mins before they tell you to and you'll get a good seat. The pool was very crowded but keep in mind we went for easter week so I think you get the idea. The chairs were pretty much always taken or reserved but what the beach staff does is they give you an hour time limit to reserve a chair and they even put a paper on your chair to stamp the time so if the person is not back within the hour they reassign the chair. or you can just ask them to help you find a chair and they are very helpful. The bathroom was dark and I expected a better shower, the toilet seemed to always fill to the top as if to overflow but then it always went down. The bed was so comfortable, the balcony was small, we stayed in the lahaina tower but it wasn't like we were on it too long so it didn't matter. The gym was cool remember to bring your door key with you. Also there is a heliport on top of the hotel so if you want to take any tours ask if the helicopter leaves from the hotel. Also if you go whale watching see if you can leave from lahaina instead of driving down to the harbor, it'll save you time. All in all we definitley want to come back but just not around the holiday time, it was well worth the money that we spent. Also i remember somone in an earlier review complaining about the parking, it really wasn't an issue for us, our room had it's own parking which was the lahaina tower so we always found a space and if you do valet as long as you get the car before 11pm it's free. have fun!