Stayed at the Hyatt Feb 9th-15th and had a great stay. I read all the reviews and was a little concerned about some of the negative comments I had read - but none of those affected our stay. We arrived in the late afternoon and, despite a small crowd waiting to check-in, all was handled promptly and we were in our room in minutes. Our Terrace room was very nice - clean, well appointed, spacious, walk-in closet and good sized bath/dressing area - and actually had a great view of the ocean from the balcony. We had a complementary mini-fridge delivered within minutes of our request. We had a package deal that included breakfast in the Swan Court every morning, too, which was a great selection of fruit, breads, eggs, meats, cakes, pastries and cooked-to-order omelettes; maybe not worth $23/person, but great if you can get it as part of the package. I agree with many of the reviews I've read and some of the negative comments - but it really depends on what you are expecting. The beach is very narrow - not really conducive to lying out on the beach or playing in the sand. As others have stated, it's a very short walk to areas of larger beach, too. If hanging out on the beach right at your hotel is a priority, this is probably not your best choice. The restaurants may well be overpriced. We only ate at the Swan, which was included, and around the pool, which was no worse than what I've paid at resorts in other places. A few minute walk to the Whaler's Village area or a few minute drive to Lahaina offers plenty of restaurant choices that were reasonable. If you plan to eat meals regularly at your resort hotel, I would expect it to seem pricey. The pool area is packed with chairs; at full capacity, I'm sure it seems overcrowded. We regularly went out for activities and siteseeing in the morning, then never had a problem getting chairs by the pool or in the lawn to spend the afternoon. The pool area is nice, and much larger than some of the other resort hotels along this strip. Cool water slide, cave bar and children's play area, too. Parking is difficult, but never a problem. They pack 'em in like sardines, but we were always able to self-park. Sometimes it was in the overflow lot at the far end of the hotel, but we never forced to valet (and the hotel was at full capacity). All-in-all, the facilities and service were everything we expected. We were very pleased with our choice to stay at the Hyatt and would recommend it to others.