My husband and I spent almost 2 weeks in Hawaii. We started the trip with 2 nights on Waikiki Beach, Oahu then spent 5 nights in Kauai, and finished the trip off with 5 nights at the Hyatt in Maui. We read all of these reviews, and they were exetremely helpful and truthful. Yes, the beach in front of the Hyatt is a little bit of a bummer because it's just a thin strip, but once you see the grounds of this resort, you will want nothing to do with the Beach! Or, maybe because we were hiking and exploring for 8 days in Oahu and Kauai, the poolside--no sand--relaxation was just what we needed. You can certainly find a chair by the pool - it's just not going to be lining the pool unless you get up early in the morning. The drinks are wonderful, and they are served with an orchid in them (Yes, Very expensive...expect to pay $20 for two drinks, which includes a $1.50 tip) and the food at the Swan Court is wonderful. We told them it was our Honeymoon and they upgraded our room (which was beautiful, and the beds are as wonderful as everyone says they are) invited us to a Honeymooner's Reception at the Weeping Banyan for FREE cocktails and a spread of cheeses, fruits, veg's. They sent us a bottle of champagne the following night and let us check-out late the last day, upon request. This resort has EVERYTHING -- even a Macy's! There are so many restaurants that we didn't get to eat at them all, b/c we wanted to get out to other places. We went to the Hyatt's Luau, which was really neat. The Hyatt is one of the only shows with a fire-dancer. Overall, we loved this resort. It is very expensive...but, so is all of Hawaii. If you know that up front, you'll have a great time here! The service is impeccable. The bell boy gave us a tour of the resort before showing us to our room! In Kauai, they gave us nothing extra for being on our Honeymoon...but at the Hyatt they treated us like royalty. The one thing we didn't realize was that was kind of cool, kind of cult-like, is that just about EVERYONE visiting Maui is on their Honeymoon! Advice: If you don't have the extra money to really enjoy yourself, go to the Carribean. Hawaii is amazing, but we could have gone to the Carribean 5 time's for the price that we spent to visit Hawaii.