My wife and I stayed here for 6 nights (Oct. 9 - 14) on the second leg of our Honeymoon and have mixed feelings. Ok, this is tough. The pool is massive, and the grounds are amazing. However, the beach in front is rather weak. It's a thin strip of sloped sand and there is a reef just offshore. This is why they overcompensate on the pool. If you envision yourself relaxing by the ocean all day, do not stay here. In fact, they charge $30 for the high-end chaise lounges and do not have many others to use on the beach. Another complaint is the pool gets crowded. Trust me. Have fun finding a place to sit. As for the cleanliness of the hotel, it could be improved. The decor of the room was nice, but everything seemed a bit dinged up and worn. We also had to notify staff of a dead bird that had flown into a window. They got rid of the bird, but failed to clean the smear on the window. Other hotels wouldn't miss that. Restaurants were pretty good but they didn't blow us away. Maybe we were jaded because we stayed on the Big Island first and enjoyed some fabulous restaurants, but they were missing something. Even Swan Court needs some remodeling, if you ask us. Not as romantic as we thought it would be. The staff were friendly, upgrading us to a Deluxe Oceanfront Room and sent a bottle of champagne. We also had a convertible and breakfast included in our room rate. Make sure you get the breakfast included, food is pricey. Save your money for lunch and drinks at the pool if you do decide to stay here. Plus plan on getting charged a $15/day resort fee PLUS $10 for valet parking. Hey it's Maui, so I won't complain about prices, but that seems a bit much. The spa and fitness center are awesome, and definitely top notch. We took a trip up to Kapalua and saw the Kapalua Bay Hotel. This is an amazing hotel, but the weather at the Hyatt is much better, trust what you read. Kapalua gets rain showers and mist in the afternoon. Overall, it's a big, fun hotel with lots to do and only minutes from Lahaina, but if you want lots of sand then be careful. The Sheraton has awesome beach frontage, but I noticed a lot of families there, so beware Honeymooners. The Makena and Wailea resorts have great beaches, so investigate those options before you book this hotel. I give it a 4 out of 5 because it does have a huge pool and a lot of dining and activity options, but lacks the quality beach frontage and could be cleaned up a bit. One more thing. They provide lunches packed in coolers for the days you are going to be active (Road to Hana, Surfing a secluded beach, etc.). It's a very nice touch and worth it. Not cheap of course, but neither are groceries or delis in Maui.