Background: We spent 10 days at the Hyatt for our honeymoon. We consider ourselves to be fairly picky/discriminating when it comes to accomodations, food, and beaches. Impressions: We thought the Hyatt was great. It's located on a nice part of the island -- Ka'anapali beach is nice, and the beachwalk that runs about a mile form the Hyatt up to Black Rock past the restaurants is nice. The Hyatt is definitely one of these nicest looking hotels on that beach. The lanscaping is very nice, the pool is great, and the ocean views are great. We had a partial ocean view room, meaning that from inside the room, you saw the adjacent building and part of the moutain, but when you step out onto your (little) terrace, you can see the ocean. The room itself was nice with a TV, minibar, pull-out sofa, desk, etc. You can even get a mini fridge delivered to your room for no cost. I'm sure you can get a nicer room at one of the more expensive resorts, but who cares? We spent most of our time outside. The food is very good. We ate at Cascades Grill several times for the fish and sushi. We also ventured off the property several times to try out other restaurants, but Cascades was just so convenient. We also ate at the Swan one night, and it was also very good. The breakfast buffet there is incredible. Other positives include the gym, spa, water slide, good concierge service, and friendly staff. Negatives: As others have reported, the beach in front of the hotel is just ok. It's pretty narrow, and the water is not as clear as other places. Plus, there are some rocks that can be a little hazardous. However, you can walk 15 minutes up the beach past the Marriott towards Black Rock and there is a great beach. The water is clear and calm, and there are restaurants, bars, and chair/cabana rentals right there. There are also a couple of public parking lots on either side of Whaler's Village if you don't want to walk. In front of the Marriott, there is some decent surf where you can take surfing lessons...The beach in front of the Hyatt is fine for lounging with a book and a cold drink. Parking -- at certain times the two parking lots can become full, especially during the luas in the evenings. This is annoying, but we discovered that you can do valet parking and tell them that the lots are full, and they will not charge you...Well, they're not supposed to. If they do, just tell the front desk to take the charges off when you check out. Expensive -- yes, it is expensive, but all of Maui is expensive, esp. the resorts. You can save money by shopping at the Wal-Mart near the airport and avoiding things in the resorts. Other tips: We did the bike ride down the volcano at sunrise, and we highly recommend waiting and doing the mid-day ride. We had to leave the hotel at 2 am and it was cold, plus we couldn't see much of the volcano anyway. Sleep in, wait til it warms up and the sun is out, and do the mid-day ride. Pack some fleece, esp. if you do the morning ride. It was fun, and anyone can do it. We didn't do a luau, because they seem so cheesy. You can look over the fence, and check out the one at the hotel. Signing up for activities through the hotel concierge service is expensive. You can get much better rates on the bike ride, water activities, etc. by going into Lahaina or away from the resorts. In Lahaina, there is lots of competition to keep rates down. The activity companies along the Kaanapali beach are expensive. For instance, if you drive to the surfing beaches south of Lahaina, you can rent a surfboard all day for $25-$30. It'll cost you that much PER HOUR at the resorts. Lahaina is a cheesy tourist town with tons of souvenir shops, but there are some good restaurants there. Before you leave, drive East on 36 past the airport to Hookipa beach to check out the wind surfers and kite surfers. Mama's Fish House is there too -- it's very good, but very expensive too. One last thing: rent a convertible...and pack lots of suncreen...and apply it everywhere! (The back of my knees are burnt from surfing.) Can't wait to go back!