Just finished a 5 night stay at the Hyatt in Maui from May 20th to the 26th. The staff is incredible, a free upgrade to partial ocean view, they attended to almost any need we had and were always helpful with a smile. For some reason we even received vouches (up to $100 off) for our next plane flights as well as a $100 coupon for meals at our next Hyatt stay. These both seemed to be part of a promotion. The Hotel is beatiful, complete with lush gardens and well groomed grounds. The pool area is fantastic with waterfalls, slides and plenty of beach chairs. The grounds offer areas where penguins, Koi, Parrots and even large swans frolic. This environment gives the hotel a very tropical atmosphere that takes you out of this world. We had buffett breakfast included with the room which was fantastic and highly recommended! Complete with omelette bar, fresh fruit, oatmeal, danishes, muffins, bacon, sausage and of course Kona Coffee! We never had to eat lunch and therfore spent more money on our dinners! We also ate at the Grill/ Sushi bar Cascades which was very good and not too horribly expensive. The only downside to the Hyatt is the beach. Off to the left is great snorkeling complete with Turtles and exotic fish. At one point during Kayaking we were able to see 3 turtles coming up for air right off the hotel. However, directly in front of the hotel is a large reef which makes swiming impossible. When you first arrive you will notice most people only go about 10 feet into the water. Prestine beaches are available a quarter mile north towards the Sheraton, but it is almost annoying carrying everything down the beach. Overall the Hyatt was amazing and I would highly recommend staying there, especially if being near the beach but laying by the pool is more your style (resort types). If price is no object, I would definitely recoomend the Four Seasons, Grand or Kei Lani in Wailea. After spending a day at the Wailea beach, the Hyatts beach could not even come close to this incredible cove. I will be saving my nickels and dimes for next years trip to the Four Seasons.