I just got back the other day from my honeymoon in Hawaii and we stayed for 6 night at the Hyatt Regency Resort and Spa in Kaanapali Beach, Maui (it's not in Lahaina as another review says, but 5 mintues north). I actually loved it. The staff were extremely friendly. My cousin sent me a flower arrangement and it was brought up with my luggage, which was brought up right as we got to the room. The bed was so comfortable and was changed daily. We had a partial ocean view but we didn't mind (we never asked for full ocean when booking the trip...I mean we knew we'd be at the beach all day so didn't need the view in the hotel too). The room was roomy too. We didn't get the complimentary champagne on the first night but then again we were so tired the first night from the flight that we wouldn't have drank it anyway. It came the 2nd night (the first full day there), and was waiting for us after we came back from dinner. We loved the buffet there. We had it as part of our vacation package, so we didn't have to pay. It was expensive ($20 each I found out) but the food was great. And there were pancakes, but not every day. It alternated between that and french toast. Omlet bar, where you ordered your own omlet. Tons of fruit and breads and other great food and cereals as well as OJ, pineapple and mango passionfruit juice, coffee and water. The pool was awesome - and we didn't feel it was that loud. Then again we didn't arrive when there were any school breaks so there weren't too many kids there. There were some but we weren't too bothered by them at all. I was surprised that that grotto bar wasn't a "swim up" bar - you did have to get out to get a drink but it didn't bother me either. I dind't use the slide but my husband thought it was great. It is a tunnel/slide though - which might be a bit scary for young kids to go on alone. There is staff at the top to make sure no one goes too fast after the one before them and that no one too small goes on it. I was surprised that there were no lifeguards at the beach! That bothered me a bit. But the surf wasn't rough. But there should have been lifeguards anyway. For the record there were no lifeguards at any of the beaches where there were hotels on the beach, at least in Kaanapali beach. They did have signs up saying they didn't have lifeguards and to swim at your own risk. The beach in front of the Hyatt was not very wide at all. As for the coral reef, yes there was more by the Hyatt than the other hotels near it but it's not like you can do much about that, other than watch your step. For good snorkeling, walk up the beach sidewalk to the Sheridan, where Black Rock is. It's about 3/4 mile up from the Hyatt along the beach. There are lounge chairs out by the pool, some with canopies on them. And waitresses walking around to get drinks or lunch for you. The poolside restaurant was very good - and Cascades - one of the restaurants - was excellent. I didn't think they were outrageously expensive, on par with NYC prices (where I'm from) so if you're not used to that then I guess it can be pricey. But the food there was worth it, I thought. As for surrounding areas, Old Lahaina town was cool - seaside village with tons of stores. They all sell the same stuff, mostly, hawaiian clothing. And tons of art galleries. The Old Lahaina Luau is great - very authentic. Roy's Restaurant which is about 5 miles north of Kaanapali Beach is not recommended - the portions are very small (so much for nouveau cuisine). I also got my haircut at the Hyatt Spa. I loved it! I forget the lady's name but she's Argentinian and she did a great job on it. Expensive - but I didn't care I wanted to splurge. You can do a 3 hour scuba diving course (it's not the PADI certification just an introductory course) which my husband loved. One caveat, the parking stinks. We didn't want to use the valet every night but ended up having to 3 of the 6 nights. And some idiots used up 2 spots for their precious car rentals which I complained about. But they were very helpful and had security go out and put some ticket/warning on those cars (hee hee). All in all we were very happy at the Hyatt and recommend it.