This hotel is nothing fancy, so if you're looking for that, you'll be happier at the Marriott or Hyatt. However, the grounds are really pretty. The pool is whale shaped and basic. No waterfalls. The beach is great and fairly large (by Maui standards). We saw whales from the beach and there is snorkeling right there. We did not see any sea turtles, but we heard they've been around. We had both a "partial ocean view" room and "ocean view" room. From the lanai the partial ocean view had a nice view of the pool, the gounds and a bit of the ocean. The beds were so-so. The shower/toilet/sink/in room coffee maker were all in the same room. The ocean view room we upgraded to upon our return was located in the building FARTHEST away from the water but we could see more of the ocean through the pretty trees on the lawn. Again, nice lanai. In this room the shower/toilet were separated from the room with the sink, and the coffee maker had its own little nook/space outside of the bathroom. The room itself was bigger and the beds were more comfortable. If you want to be able to sit on your lanai with an unobstructed view, make sure you request an "ocean FRONT". We had breakfast at the restaurant. The buffet was very good (@ $20 per person) and had a lot to offer. We did not eat dinner there and cannot comment on that or on the nightly show. They also have a deli where you can get food items and drinks to go (and coffee for $1). They also have a nice little gift shop. Most of the employee's were extremely friendly. I think the very best thing about the hotel was that it was within easy walking distance to many restaurants and (expensive) shopping at Whaler's Village. Other reviews have stated that it is alot cheaper than the Hyatt and Marriott, which is probably true. I would definately recommend this hotel and would definately return.......I might check out prices for the Sheraton Black Rock hotel and see what their rates were as they had a really nice pool, and they share the exact same beach as KBH.