spent 10 nights here feb 1 through feb 10th with two other friends,paid for a partial ocean view but apon arrival was given room 143(back of resort next to the parkade).was told the resort was full but we were moved the next morning to room 268(kawai wing),we were very happy with this room,our friends were closer to the ocean in room 280 but had a poorer view (because of foilage.the resort is definitely 70s dated(thought i saw Jack Lord hanging by the tiki bar)but still retains a certain charm.(just don,t take a walk down the beach walk trail to the left and see the sparkling new resorts). The beach is what kannapali is all about and i would say that the k.b.h. has both the best beach and the best location in the entire area.The aquatic life here is unbeliveable!!we took the whale watching tour(trilogy) that leaves directly in front of this beach and it was well worth it,but we also saw tons of whales from shore with a mother and calve breaching right in front of us not more then 600 feet of of shore!!we also saw giant sea turtles swim right by us not 30 feet of off the shore passing right by swimmers who never noticed them! Just a word about the surf.it ranged from gentle rollers on day one to 6 foot crashers by day 8.alot of people seemed oblivious to the power of these waves with bad results which included many getting hurt(although not seriously),wardrobe malfunctions,and even little childern getting dragged out into the water!I,m not saying stay out of the water,but a little common sense is in order. the hula entertainment seemed to get better towards the weekend and was then worth watching.the tiki bar was worth checking out and is almost allways full.if you are 20 somethings and are looking for late night partying,this resort or kannapali in general is probably not for you as by 10.45 p.m. this place gets very quite as does all of kaanapali (including whalers village).try lahaina? In general,we loved this place.we always look for value when we travel thereby allowing us to travel more often and that is what we received here.the staff were nothing short of fantastic,the food above average,and if relaxation and beauty are what you are looking for,this is your place! p.s. take in the magic dinner show(again located on site).it was truly entertaining(and funny)and the family that does the show has a true passion for there craft. The true mark of a good resort for me is wether i would return,in this case it is a big yes,enjoy.