Stayed at Ka'anapali Beach Hotel for a week during Christmas. This is a great hotel at a great location for the price. Its not 5 stars but its clean and well maintained. The place is comfortable in the common areas inside and out, not over-crowded or oversold. The grounds are landscaped nicely and kept up. Every day at the crack of dawn staff are out picking up anything that fell on the grounds over night and straightening the lounge chairs of which there were plenty. Our room was in good shape, clean, fresh, furnished well, nicely decorated with Hawaiian accents and not worn, everything worked, and had a mini-fridge and safe. Its not newly built or newly renovated so there will likely be small imperfections to be found but you have to look for them. Sure, there are some places that could use a spot of paint here and there but they do attend to these things. They were actually painting some railings in the parking garage on the day we left. Hotel is made up of three interconnected buildings and one remote building with no elevators. The center building has only ocean view (straight ahead through the grounds) rooms (except lower ocean facing floors) with exterior corridors. Other buildings have interior corridors with rooms on both sides, ocean views at an angle and ocean may not be visible from deep inside the rooms, rooms on the opposite side are probably lowest rates with views of adjacent properties. What really stands out it the way all of the staff goes out to make everyone feel welcome and at home, and yes with the Hawaiian flare. We found Christmas presents in our room on Christmas. This was a return trip and with that we got a confirmed no-charge room upgrade with our reservation. We also opted for a package that included rental car, breakfast buffet, local phone calls, and room safe. This package basically gave us the breakfast, phone calls, and safe (normally $1.50/day) for free (after pricing car options separately). In addition, we got a welcome gift on the first day (nice big fruit and cheese platter) and another gift on the 6th day. The hotel gives out a kukui nut lei to guest when they leave and all of the staff have them as well. The nuts are brown to start and the staff gets a white nut for each year of service. Returning guests are asked to bring back their leis on return trips to get a white nut on each return. The hotel treats the staff as family which is evident by how many have been there for so many years and treats the guests as family as well. If something isn't quite right they will make it right and you won't get the "it's not my job response". The breakfast buffet was mid-sized but nothing too fancy and drinks are included. Would not have paid extra for this, or used it if not for the package but it seemed fine for many people eating there. There is an option at additional charge (with the package) to order cooked to order items. Likewise did not opt for the even larger Sunday Champagne brunch on this trip for about $40 pp. Had dinner at the Tikki Terrace restaurant once. Food was good and presented well and only a little pricy compared to similar offerings and quality at the offsite restaurants nearby. Sandwiches and burgers at the Tikki Bar were mediocre; prices are high but typical for the Maui area. Some may find the nightly free Hawaiian hula show on the terrace a bit corny but they try to keep it authentic rather than just another tourist event. Pros-Nice hotel for the price, great location, great beach No required hidden fees or resort fees Cons- Parking and Internet is extra charge but typical for this area. Internet is wired. Beach chairs, umbrellas, cabanas for the beach are available for extra charge