I highly recommend this hotel for families, couples, and singles looking for a great Maui beach location and good value. Our daughter said she wouldn't choose it for a honeymoon because the other resorts can offer more ("lots of free honeymoon stuff", amenities, upgrades, perks, etc), but she liked it for our purposes (clean & comfortable place to sleep, shower & change for our beach, snorkeling, & sight-seeing; nice pool; delicious breakfast buffet). This hotel is the first (so oldest) of Kaanapali's resort hotels, but the beach is the best of any of the resort hotels at Kaanapali, plus close to Black Rock Point coral reef for some great snorkeling (including sea turtles, fish, & eels). The staff are super friendly and helpful - very "ohana" (a family) and proud of their long association with the hotel. They are also proud that the Kaanapali Beach Hotel is "the most Hawaiian" - and it's true. The big name resorts could be located anywhere in the world (they're always the same). This hotel is Hawaiian and offers Hawaiian activities so visitors can learn about Hawaiian culture. Our room was pleasant, clean, and comfortable (included a small fridge, too), not luxurious - but we came to spend our time outdoors. The rooms are no smoking and some of the buildings don't allow smoking on the balconies, either (thankfully). The garden grounds are lovely and beautifully maintained. The pool, tiki bar, snack hut, gift shop, etc were pleasant. There were plenty of chaise lounges at the pool, but if you require one at the beach, you have to rent it (also availble to rent are umbrellas & shade loungers - they give a discount for multiple day rentals). Towels for the pool & beach are provided at the hut (don't use your white room towels). The daily breakfast buffet is excellent (don't miss it) and we always chose to eat outside under the canopy (excellent choice). Skip the croissants & sweet rolls for their Hawaiian bread and their bread pudding which were like dessert. The pineapple & papya and scrambled eggs were fresh & delicious. Every evening had live music entertainment with dinner - we enjoyed dancing with each other and watching hula and other entertainers. We also enjoyed it from our balcony (lanai). The weekend also had live music at brunch. Go down to the beach at sunset - lovely. Sit on the beach after dark for some great star-gazing (we saw shooting/falling stars)! Go down to the beach for sunrise - look & enjoy both directions as the sunrise is actually behind the hotel & mountains beyond, but the clouds over the ocean also reflect the sunrise colors. The departure aloha ceremony is a nice touch - don't miss it (on the hour from 8-noon every morning). You won't have to buy yourself a bead lei in the souvenier shops, either. We'd definitely stay here again!