My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon in Maui and spent our entire time at the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel. In case you are wondering, this is the friendliest hotel on the planet! First, I would like to point out that this hotel has the best beach area of all the hotels on Ka'anapali Beach. As you go further down the beach gets smaller. And if you are a fan of snorkeling Black Rock (located right next store in front of the Sheraton)has excellent snorkeling. Go in the morning though because the waves get rougher as the day goes on. This hotel is perfect if all you are looking for is a clean place to shower and lay your head at night. If you are a "hotel snob" then you will hate it here. This place is simple, yet clean and the grounds are beautiful! The staff are among the friendliest people I have ever encountered. Our room attendant, Suzanne, was amazing! She talked to us everyday and always greeted us with a big smile! She always asked us how our day was and she was genuinely interested. I am a very practical person, and I would rather spend money elsewhere when I travel then on the hotel, where I spend very little time. This hotel was very reasonably priced for what you get. And you can't ask for a better location! I am not bothered if its is "outdated." I am not buying the place, I am simply renting it for a short period of time. We paid for a garden view room and we actually got a partial ocean view room which was a nice surprise! The ONLY problem I had with this hotel was the bed was very uncomfortable. But, that wasn't really a problem because we were so tired from the day's activities that we both slept well. We did get the breakfast package and I thought it was really good! It was nice to get up and go right to breakfast everyday. We ate in the TikKi Terrace one night for dinner and the food was also very good. They do have entertainment every night, but we really didn't sit down and watch any of the shows. You are also very close to Whaler's Village, which is a shopping area with a few restaurants. You can walk there from the hotel. Also, Lahaina is very close. This is where a lot of the shops and restaurants are. It takes about five minutes by car from the hotel. We had a car the whole time as well which was nice because we drove everywhere! We didn't have to take any tours because we had a car. If you have a car, definitely wake up at 2am and go and see the sunrise at Haleakula. Amazing! The road to Hana was very pretty as well, but if you get motion sickness or car sickness do not do it! Its $9 per day to park the car (w/o valet), but all of the hotels charge for this. In short, if you are like me, a practical person, who just wants a clean and quiet place to stay where you are not on top of other guests and also appreciate great customer service and a great location, then stay at the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel. If you enjoy blowing your money on material things then stay at the Grand Wailea (which is not close to anything) or you can send your money to me and I will make sure it goes to a good place :) Enjoy Maui!!!!