My husband and I visited 4 islands on a 35th anniversary trip to Hawaii. We wanted to stay at this hotel because it was "the most Hawaiian hotel." We began our trip in Oahu; then stayed a few nights in Kauai. When we pulled up in front of this hotel, my husband said, "Now THIS is Hawaii!!" We were in the Maui building and it was a perfect location! We were on the second floor, so we had a view of the pool and the grounds and could see and hear the music every night from our lanai. (If we were to stay here again, we would ask for the 4th floor; you can see the ocean from there.) Our room was old Hawaii, but that was exactly what we wanted. Beautiful Hawaiian quilts. Even though it was an older hotel, it was clean and nice. The staff was wonderful! We especially liked the people downstairs who helped with excursions and the older gentlemen who booked my husband's golf at the Royal Kaanapali. Always very helpful and very kind! Everyone catered to what we wanted right down to the gift shop people. (We even had a gift from the hotel in our room since it was our anniversary...what a nice touch!) In one instance, I wanted to know how to say something in Hawaiian. The young lady was not sure, but she found out and made a point to find us and tell us the answer. The welcome breakfast was entertaining and informative. We had ideas of what to do since I had done a LOT of research before we came, but they also gave us helpful hints. The pool was nice. The dinner we had at the outside restaurant was fabulous! Music every night was great and entertaining. The magic dinner theatre was great! We loved the fact that each morning there were local vendors in the lobby. We were able to get real Hawaiian gifts for our family and ourselves! We had purchased breakfast vouchers, and we were unable to use 2 of them because of early morning activites. I would probably not purchase these again as we were not able to give them to anyone so they were wasted. The pool was great! Swimming in the ocean was fun, but it was winter and the waves were big and strong! The snorkeling was a little rough because of the wave action, but the view of Black Rock and the nightly diving ceremony was phenomenal. All in all it was an EXCELLENT value, and we would stay here again!