My wife and I stayed here in August for six nights. In summary, a decent older hotel located in an ideal location for a very reasonable price. Our room was called partial ocean view. Yes, we could see the ocean from the balcony through some trees but the view could have been a bit more ocean and a bit less of the grounds but we weren't in the room much anyway. Our room was decently decorated with comfy bed, old style tv, decent bathrroom, and small closet with a safe. The room was clean and the housekeeping staff cleaned it daily. I suggest getting a room facing the interior grounds otherwise you may be facing The Whaler next door with extensive remodeling going on which is loud. The grounds were very pretty with a nice green lawn and many pretty shade trees. You can grab a couple lounge chairs and find a shady spot to relax, read, etc. This is a nice feature and not sure if other hotels in the area allow you to do this. The pool was smaller but is was clean and we only used the pool once since we the ocean was just steps away. The gounds and pool area were never overcrowded and we were always able to find a lounge chair. Our vacation reservation included daily buffet breakfast which we enjoyed each morning. Plenty of fresh fruit daily and breakfast choices such as eggs, pancakes, waffles, bacon, cererals, pastries, etc. The food was good. One of the best features of the hotel is the location. Right on Kaanapali beach. A very pretty beach with a friendly sand bottom so don't have to worry about cutting your feet on coral. Walk not even five minutes to the right and you're snorkeling at Black Rock. Walk not even five minutes to the the left and you're at Whaler's Village for shopping and restaurants. If one just wanted to relax and enjoy the hotal and beach you wouldn't even have to drive a car during your stay. The hotel also provides daily free Hawaii'n classes such as hula dancing and ukelele lessons which we enjoyed. Most of the staff were friendly and helpful though a few could have been a bit more friendly. This hotel is not a luxury 4 or 5 star hotel. It is a nice 3+ star hotel in an excellent location for a very reasonable price. You can get a good deal through Costco and include the breakfast buffet and a rental car. We would stay here again.