We went to Hawaii for our 40th anniversary, spending the first three nights in Honolulu and six nights at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel on Mauil. It's an older and not a luxurious hotel and the rooms need some updating but all in all it was an enjoyable place to stay. It's on a beautiful beach and the grounds are well maintained. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We stayed in an ocean view room that also overlooked the whale shaped pool. Our room was spacious including the bathroom and there was a small lanai. As I mentioned above the rooms do need some renovating but they were clean. There was entertainment every night on the Tiki Terrace. The Hawaiian music and hula dancers, especially watching the children, were enjoyable. The night of our anniversary we went on a dinner cruise. The food was good, not exceptional, but the ride itself and watching the amazinng sunset was well worth it. We rented a car which is definitely needed on Maui and intended on driving the famous Road to Hana. After speaking with other people, they suggested going with a tour and I'm so glad we did. We were picked up at our hotel early in the morning and returned almost 11 hours later. The driver was well informed, made numerous stops along the way, lunch was included and we spent the day with very nice people from other states, from Paris andeven Australia. We are so glad we let someone else do the driving, there are a lot of uneven and winding roads. It's a great trip, you really get to see Maui with the beautiful waterfalls and flowers. We did drive ourselves to see the Haleakala sunrise. Driving in the middle of the night, up this winding mountain 10,000 feet definitely is an experience. It's quite cold up there, a jacket and a blanket from our room barely kept us warm but feeling like you are on top of the world, watching the sun to come up was amazing. Don't know if I would do it again, but glad I did. I got to also spend my birthday on Maui, going to the Old Lahaina Luau. Very authentic and very entertaining. It was a wonderful evening. We also attended a dinner show at our hotel featuring a great magician, a show we highly recommend. The Kaanapali Beach Hotel is a lovely place to stay. On the day of our departure we were invited to a farewell ceremony with other departing guests at which we were presented with leis made of beads. It was truly a warm and memorable moment, marking the end of a wonderful trip.