We just got back from staying at KBH and I have to say I agree with all the reviews. I think for the price, this is one of the best places to stay. I like avoiding all the one-ups-manship that can happen in upscale hotels (get enough of that in Los Angeles). But there are some downers... The bad: -The facility is definitely a tired one (the bar/restaurant area is screaming for a rehab; it's very worn out and can be a bit of turn off to staying for the entertainment). -Parking garage is dirty, and tight, so drive carefully if you park yourself. -While not at the Motel 6 level, you definitely feel that you are on the downscale side of hotels. -The Mixed Plate Restaurant is listed on all the hotel info, but has been closed for two years according to the lady in the hotel's market. The good: -We were in two different rooms due to a loud child next door in our first room (not the child's fault, he was on mainland time, which translated to loud chatter at 3:00 in the morning). The front desk was extremely helpful in changing our room. The second room seemed to fresher than the first, so it's possible that there is some replacement of worn drapery etc. that happens. -The breakfast buffet was much more than adequate. The coffee was good, there were many choices in juices and fresh fruits, the hot foods were just fine. -The daily craft items for sale in the lobby were quite interesting and handy for souvenirs. The GREAT: -The staff was wonderful. Malahini was delightful (she does lovely hula dancing, and teaches you how to cut pineapples, string leis, hula dance); Michelle at the front desk was cheery and helpful. The concierge lady (sorry I don't know her name) was helpful with info. The restaurant was well run with constant service. The rooms are cleaned promptly and efficiently. -The beach was one of the best of all the hotels in Kaanapali Beach Resort area. The beach rental stand was very fairly priced, for snorkel equipment, boogie boards, cabanas, etc. -LOCATION! A short walk to all the other hotels and shopping at Whaler's Village. Check out the Sunset Cliff Diving ceremony at the Sheraton. It's a fun time to watch the torch bearer run through the bar area lighting torches and stopping for posed photos. Fun! Oh, and a short drive to Lahaina, with lots of shopping, restaurants, and historical sites. All in all, if you want to spend your money on luxurious settings, this is not the place for you. If you want to spend it on all the other activities on the island, and the great restaurants, then this is the place to stay without breaking the bank. Remember, other than the pool and rooms, you can take advantage of what all the other hotels have to offer!