We chose this property because it was the most "Hawaiian" hotel in Hawaii and it was more affordable than a lot of other properties in Maui. At the end of our stay not sure why they give themselves this title as it wasn't as "Hawaiian" as we thought it would of been. Our room was nice but we had to change rooms a few nights later because we were given the wrong one. (make sure you get what you pay for). The only thing I could say about the rooms that we didn't like is that it seems the rooms are not noise proof (both in the older and newer sections) of the hotel. You could hear people in nearby rooms talking and using the toilet and showering at all times of the day and night. The resort has nice gardens and very close to the beach. The food at the snack bar wasn't great and the hot chips (fries) were absolutely horrible and I threw them in the bin. Breakfast here was buffet style and served in two different places. The variety wasn't too bad but the quality of the most of the food was highly undesirable. The quality could of been better and I am not usually that fussy but most of the food was so mass produced, so oily, fatty and just overall poor quality. Some of it was ok. The service at breakfast time was hit and miss depending on who you get. We had one waitress that asked us what we wanted to drink and when we ordered it we never got it even after requesting it 3 times. In the end we gave up and asked someone else. Funny enough at the end of our breakfast you could tell she still expected a tip - I don't think so! Activities here were good. We enjoying the lei making classes but book in advance as unfortunately some activities aren't on offer every day. The nightly entertainment was pretty good while eating dinner. Most staff were quite friendly. We had dinner here a few times and the quality was much better. Its not cheap but it was nice to have a decent meal without leaving the resort. Other times we ate out of the resort as it was cheaper and more options at the nearby shopping village. At the end of the stay we got some lovely 'nut lei' to take home. We were told that the lei won't get through Australian customs. We thought that would be the case but once we arrived home we declared them and was able to take them home so that was a bit of a nice surprise. Internet access is not cheap here. Overall we enjoyed our stay here for a nice relaxing time in the sun.