The Kaanapali Beach Hotel sits on a beautiful beach in west Maui. The gardens/grounds are beautiful. While the place sits in a huge resort area, we felt comfortable being there. Its within walking distance to Black Rock for some great snorkeling (swimming with turtles and tropical fish) and the Whalers village for some shopping and dining options. The main restaurant was closed for construction. Breakfast buffet is expensive. The Tiki bar has good drinks and pupu's but I've had better mai tai's elsewhere. Bar staff could be friendlier and not look like they don't care for their job. I booked the hotel in advance (garden view room) requesting an airline discount (DH is a pilot). I was informed we would receive, complimentary upgrade based on our availability at time of check-in with our airline discount. At check in, the young woman told me that the hotel was full when I asked about the complimentary upgrade. We were given room 167 which we were extremely disappointed. There was no garden view room to speak of and in fact the lanai felt claustrophobic with the small hedges dividing the lanai and a building on the other side of the hedges facing the lanai. This room faced the exterior of the complex. I called the front desk from the room and asked for another garden view room. The same young woman told me there were no other garden view rooms but that we could upgrade to a pool view room for an additional cost. I said, If you have available rooms then shouldnt we get the new room under the complimentary upgrade? She stated, Thats not always the case. I explained to her I had my email from the reservations manager, which included upgrade comment. She said we could move to room 160 (same building). The view from room 160 in the Kauai building was much better, as it faced the interior gardens, although it did not have a pool view at all. In fact, when we came home I looked at their web site that had the photos of the various room categories. Room 160 is a garden view room, not a pool view room. Room 167 was actually an Aloha Value room that faces, exterior lawns or surrounding hotels. We understood the policy of upgrading based on availability at time of check-in, but the first room wasn't what I reserved in the first place, and in fact there was availability. At the minimum we should have received the garden view room, 160. This kind of service, or lack thereof, is so disappointing and a letdown. Here they advertise being the most Hawaiian of hotels and having grown up on Oahu, I do know what the Aloha spirit means and I know customer service. We didnt receive that kind of Aloha treatment. In fact, I wrote a letter to the manager and have never received a response. What a shame. It would be nice to say we will return there on our next trip to Maui, but it wont be the case.