We really enjoyed our stay at KBH. We would definitely stay there again. Here's the main reasons why: KBH is right on Kaanapali Beach. This is one of the nicer beaches in Maui - that means no rocks or stinging jelly fish - only bright white sand and blue water. This is probably the number one reason we'd stay again (that, and the price). The grounds are gorgeous and the pool is a good size. You can grab a beach lounger and pick a spot anywhere on the grounds - shady or sunny, near the beach or near the pool and relax. Compare this to the Whaler next door whose swimming pool is the size of a postage stamp and all the loungers are crammed in around it. The staff were very friendly. I didn't pass one without a smile and an "Aloha". Our room was comfortable and perfect for travelers who are there to see Maui and don't want to spend too much time in or money on a hotel. We didn't even pay for a room with a view (cheapest option) and even though the lanai directly faced the hotel next door, with just a quarter turn to the left you could see the ocean. I spent a lot of time on the lanai. Ample parking at $9 a day. The Whaler next door charged $11 and our friends staying there often had difficulty finding a spot because the owners on the condo side of the Whaler leave their cars there all year round. We didn't eat at the restaurants, but our friends ate at the Tikki Terrace and said the food was incredible. Expect to pay ~$25 an entree though. The other great thing is that it's just a short 5 minute walk to Whaler's Village. Shops and restaurants galore! Be sure to eat at Leilani's on the patio and try the double kobe burger. You could skip the barefoot bar at the restaurant next door though - the food wasn't great and even though it seems novel to eat in the sand with your shoes off, it's really more hassle than it's worth. Also - be sure to stop in at YogurtLand. We went there 3 times during our stay! There were a few things that didn't bother us, but that might bother others. We didn't have a tub in our room - only a stand up shower. They gave us 2 double beds - but may have switched us to a room with a queen if we had asked. Local calls were $.75 and they charged us to use the safe. Also, internet was ~$10.00 a day. We got around this by using WiFi hotspots around the area. The Molokai building does not have an elevator (not sure about the other buildings). Only 3 flights, but keep this in mind if you have mobility issues. Otherwise, if you are planning on going with the "no view" option, the Molokai building is probably the best way to get a partial view. Some of the other buildings overlook the parking lot. Oh yeah and there's entertainment every night. And they give you a free lei when you leave - one of the ones with the kukui nuts - so don't buy one as a souvenir.