We spent last week at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel in an ocean front room (Kauai wing) with our teenage daughter and her best friend. We'd been to the hotel nearly 20 years ago, and have since stayed at many other properties on Maui .. but I chose the KBH for specific reasons. You can basically get the ocean front room here for pretty much the same price as a room overlooking the parking lot at one of the more upscale resorts in Kaanapali. For us, there is nothing quite like falling asleep with the sliding doors open and the sound of the ocean waves hitting the shoreline. And waking up to the birds singing in the trees. I was OK with the fact that the bedspreads could be updated and the shower drained a little slowly. The room was clean. We all fell asleep listening to the ocean....it's hard to put a price on that! The grounds are spacious and lounge chairs are plentiful. We've been to high-end resorts with great pool areas, etc. .. but you have to rush to save a chair early in the day and then you're wedged in with hardly any room to move. At KBH .. you have this massive lawn area and you're free to pull a chair under a tree or wherever you want. It's lovely and perfectly relaxing. Our girls did the paddle surf lessons from the beach shack .. and loved it. They saw turtles, a monk seal, and many tropical fish right there at Black Rock. We walked over to Whaler's Village to eat a few times (Leilani's has their famous Hula Pie .. don't miss it!) and shop. Also walked down the foot path to the Hyatt Regency for their Drums of the Pacific Luau - - which was great. The valet parking was only $11.00 per day (unheard of for this area!) and the guys there were genuinely kind. The free classes (we did lei making, hula lessons, notecard making) are fun! The music each night ends by 9pm, hardly a nuisance. It's lovely!! The lobby area hasn't changed much in 20 years .. but who cares?! You walk through it occasionally, you're not sleeping in the lobby! If you decide to book the Kaanapali Beach Hotel .. enjoy it for its perfect location, charming employees, amazing views (ocean front .. so worth it!), affordability, spacious grounds and ambiance.