I stayed at the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel for the first time in April 2010 with a pool view room, booked through Expedia. I have already booked my next stay here for this May 2011, also through Expedia. This hotel offers a "Lei Aloha" program, where repeat guests get some perks. But this only applies when you call for reservations (no third-party bookings, such as Expedia, and doesn't apply even to online reservations on their own website). Although the perks were enticing, the room rates were much more expensive when calling the hotel directly, than even from their website, so I declined to take advantage of this program for my next stay. I was impressed with the grounds, the gardens, the old Hawaiian artifacts, the lack of a resort fee, and the free activities (due to time constraints, I only participated in making a carnation lei, and in one ukulele lesson). I had been hearing from other travelers that the staff here was superb. There were about 4 staff members who I felt were consistently pleasant and went out of their way for me, but the majority of the staff members were just ordinary hotel works, and some were even rude (such as some of the valet drivers). I stayed in the newly renovated Kauai Wing, with great views of the pool, the ocean, and the West Maui Mountains from the 4th floor, and only a 30 second walk to the ocean. The first floor of the building was still being renovated during my stay, but construction noise was minimal. The room was nicely decorated and adequate for my needs, and housekeeping promptly took care of any issues I had (such as my coffeemaker not working or extra towels). The walls are paper thin, the elevators are older-looking, the pool is basic (although nice for kids, since it is whale-shaped), but I enjoyed my stay here, nonetheless. There are small touches everywhere that are charming, such as the ceiling fans shaped like whale tails, and even the cheesy Polynesian window stickers all over the place. The grounds were immaculate, with a variety of Plumeria trees and Hibiscus bushes. There were loungers and picnic tables in the gardens, so you can take advantage of the beautiful gardens, if you were tired of the beach. The restaurants here were expensive, as are most of the restaurants along the Beach Walk. I had a breakfast buffet at the Tiki Terrace once, and wasn't impressed at $22. I do hear the Terrace has good dinners, so I might dine there for dinner during my next stay. I did stop for drinks at the Tiki Bar Happy Hour many times, and loved the staff there. I also ate at the Tiki Grill once, and found it to be convenient for taking back to eat on my lanai, or taking onto the beach! There is another restaurant here, but I didn't eat there. Luckily, there is a mini-fridge in the room (in the closet), so I stocked it up with as many snacks, drinks, and deli items as it could hold, from Safeway. I visited the onsite convenience store for coffee every morning ($1 for a small cup), and browsed around the main gift shop once. There is also a jewelry store and salon on the grounds, but I didn't visit them. The Welcome Breakfast is a pretty nice overview of Maui, if you've never been to Maui. The Checking out Ceremony is beautiful and makes you want to book another stay right then and there. There is an Activities Desk there, to help you plan your stay, and I never felt pressured from them. The location and ambiance is what makes this place a winner, to me. Having only been to Oahu before this, this location was a great mixture of quiet and busy, that is hard to explain. Centrally located on Ka'anapali Beach, literally only steps away from Black Rock and Whaler's Village (I know, this sounds like it came from Maui Revealed, but it is true!). Parking is super cheap, compared to neighboring hotels along this beach ($9/day for garage, $11/day for valet...compared to $20 and over at other hotels). I chose valet, because I hate looking for parking, and I don't want to lug beach stuff through the garage to the main building. You can also check your account balance from the TV menu, as well as check-out from the TV. I was surprised that this hotel offered this. This place is also great for kids, if you have them. Big gardens to run around in, a free kids' program, a shallow pool. There is a Trilogy shack right on the beach of the hotel, where you can rent snorkel gear and sign up for snorkel tours (one leaves right from Ka'anapali beach, so you don't have to even drive to the harbor). And there is a lady who sells beautiful photography right next to the Trilogy shack! I would definitely stay here again if I were staying in West Maui. Great value that is also filled with great charm! Come here for the charm, not the frills (no room service, older looking buildings and rooms, despite the renovations). Don't come here if you usually stay at the Four Seasons! Aloha!