This was our first trip to Maui. The staff at this hotel bend over backwards to ensure you have a wonderful vacation. Chantel at the Tiki Bar made the absolute best margarita. After 7 hours on a plane, standing around for like what seemed forever waiting for our luggage at the airport, being frustrated with Alamo and the rental car we received, and being over dressed on a hot humid day, we were far from relaxed. Within 10 minutes of experiencing one of Chantel's margaritas, we were instantly transported into relaxation/vacation mode!! We paid a few dollars more for the beach front room at the Ka'anapali on the 6th floor and it was worth every penny. The only thing between us and the beach was a walking path. The number of people who were dedicated to their morning jogging ritual along the pathway at 6:30 a.m., was something to rather marvel at. We didn't join them - it was a vacation! Our morning ritual included coffee on the lanai, watching the whales. It was spectacular. We met people from all over the world at this hotel. The Ka'anapali host a very friendly, intersting and nice clientele. Hi Mary and Susan from London, England if you're reading this!! We loved the different local bands who entertained every night from 6 - 9 pm on the outdoor stage. There was also authentic hula performances nightly as well. We never even bothered going to a luai and from the comments we received from others who did, really didn't miss a thing. Every morning, until noon, there were local artisans offering their products in the lobby and in the courtyard. It was so interesting to talk with these people and see their creations. We learned a lot about the history of Maui itself, from these very talented people. The hotel also offered lei making lessons, ukulele lessons, garden tours - all for free. You could rent beach cabanas, boogie boards, surf boards, etc. right on site. The food was a little expensive. We never included breakfast in our package, which we had the opportunity to do. They have a wonderful breakfast buffet that included hot items, cold items and an array of fresh fruit until 11 am and it often was our main meal of the day. It would have been much more economical to spend the few extra dollars when we booked our package, than what we paid daily for this buffet. The lei ceremony on our last day, was a perfect end to our vacation in paradise. We can hardly wait to go back. Before we travelled, we anticipated that we would get a condo for our second trip to Maui. Not the case anymore. This is the only place we can imagine coming back to. Is there anything we would change? We'd come in mid-February instead of mid-January and I'd take the ukulele lessons!! ;D