We stayed here in room #360 in the Kaui building for 9 days Oct 15 thru Oct 24th. We were in Maui for our son's wedding and our 40th anniversary. The location of this hotel is perfect! It is so close to excellent snorkleing at Black rock and everything thing you need is right there. We were able to see huge turtles and Eagle Rays and lots of colorful firsh. The Tiki bar for drinks and the Tiki grill for food. Just a short walk to the Hula Grill, Leilanis' and Whalers Villiage for great shopping and nightlife. You can watch the nightly ceremony at black rock with the torch lighting and diver. We were upgraded from a pool view to a partial ocean view room and we had a lovely view from our lani. Although the room was comfortable, it did not meet our expectations and it was in the updated wing. We were ok with it but it was kind of old fashioned but had everything we really needed. The bed was comfy but not cushy. The linen was very basic not lux. The location of this hotel and the friendliness of the staff here makes it still a good choice for the traveler that wants to save a little money on hotel cost but stay in the best area on Kaanapali beach. We enjoyed watching and talking to (long Hawaiian name "mr smith") who did coconut palm weaving..and we loved the nightly hawaiian free show on the stage. The daily buffet breakfast was good and convenient. We got tired of the buffet and only on the last day discovered that the voucher for breakfast would go toward the regular menu for 9$. A waffle is 14.95 with fruit on the menu. As for the room number..the higher the number the closer you are to the oceanfront. Our room was a bit noisy from the lani because it was right above the walkway to the elevators. The room was very soundproof when the doors were closed. We could totally block out the music from the show by closing our sliding door. The hotel is used for tour groups and the lobby is crowded when the buses come in. The grounds of this hotel are extremely beautiful and well kept. The plumeria trees are everywhere! The beach is a short walk from your room anywhere at this hotel. You can relax on the grassy area, by the pool or on the beach. Overall a very relaxing vacation. We would return to this hotel in a heartbeat! If you like magic shows..don't go to the one on the premises of this hotel..instead go to Warren and Annebells..it is absolutely amazing experience. Our dining experience here was just ok. The prices were high and not a very extensive menu.The food at the Tiki Grill is convenient for a day of relaxing and not wanting to walk or drive anywhere but it is expensive for what you get. This is a middle class hotel in a upperclass area. Internet is 10$ a day. Beware of end of stay costs as one needs to plan on the cost of parking etc.