I stayed for 8 days at the Ka'anapali Beach hotel and had a great stay. On first impressions my family and I thought we'd make a mistake booking here, especially as a customer was complaining about a mouldy shower as we waited to check in! But we couldnt have been more wrong. The rooms are spacious and were equipped with all the things you could need. The rooms were cleaned and tidied every day. In fact, you can see that the staff are constantly renovating the hotel whilst trying to maintain a traditional Hawaiian feel. The service we recieved was fantastic- if we asked for extra towels, new lightbulb, etc. the staff had already done it by the time we got back to our room! The hotel is right on the nicest part of the beach and they provide free use of sun loungers and beach towels. You do have pay if you want a lounger on the beach itself, but its not really necessary as you're only a few steps away. The hotel also offers free activities every day such as lei making and hula dancing, as well as a hawaiian show each night. The only downsides to the hotel are that the pool is not very big (but the pools didnt seem very big at any of the hotels) and you had to pay $1.50 a day to use the in-room safe. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant every morning and also ate dinner there a couple of times, and the food was beautiful with very good service. 5 minutes walk down the beach is Whalers Village which has restaurants and lots of great little shops. But my favourite place was Lahaina, which you can get to by a 10-min bus ride from Whalers Village. Its a lively shopping street, with more reasonably priced souvenirs and a better choice of good places to eat. We hired a car for 2 days but some of the roads in Maui are only for the bravest drivers and to be honest, the area around the hotel and Lahaina were the nicest places to visit with lots to see and do. I think overall this a fantastic hotel for people who cannot afford to pay the 5-star prices, but want to visit the beautiful island of Maui.