First thing, is keep in mind that my ratings, and certainly those of others on this site, are based largely on 2 factors which are keeping the ratings high: 1. location, 2. price. I picked this hotel because 1. it was rated high on TripAdvisor, 2. the location seemed excellent--which it is, and 3. the price was by far the cheapest in the area, and overall one of the cheapest throughout Maui. On the negative side, staying at KBHotel is like going back in time. The buildings are older--some of them quite old (mine had no elevator), the TVs are CRT style, and not flat screen (if you came to Maui to watch tv, get a life), nothing looks new quality-wise either. The rooms could use an update and at least some maintenance. The parking lot was a long walk from my building, plus I had to drag my luggage up 2 flights of stairs to get to the 3rd floor. If I had paid anything but the cheap 150ish bucks per night, I'd be upset at this point. HOWEVER, On the positive side, though, this is the closest Hotel to the south side of Black Rock(except for the Sheraton which costs 2x as much), the PRIME location for staying overnight in West Maui, in my opinion. You are practically RIGHT at Black Rock and along the touted beach walk that fronts all of the hotels on this part of the beach. Also, the grounds were particularly nice w/ a more Hawaiian feel than the other hotels--this they like to brag about. The staff were all VERY nice and friendly and accomodating to boot--it felt genuine too. The atmosphere was really laid back here. I think everyone who stayed at this hotel was here to relax and have fun. I've stayed at some of the best hotels around the world--where basic rooms cost $600 or more in some cases. I felt just as comfortable here--like I could be myself and enjoy Hawaii and not have to put so much stock in my hotel. I think sometimes when you stay at a 5 star place, you feel like you should be at the hotel all of the time...this is a stupid reason to vacation in my opinion. Where I live there is a 5 star hotel I go to just to be pampered about once per quarter.... but I save the plane ticket. If you want to enjoy Hawaii and an absolutely fantastic location, this is it. If you're hung up on living a 5 star existence the entire time, book elsewhere. I'd recommend to anyone but rich people who were born with a silver spoon and those who want to pretend. P.S. the evening show featured some good musicians and interesting dancers. Thanks KBH staff!