This hotel prides itself on being friendly and welcoming and it certainly is. The staff were pleasant and accommodating and seemed to enjoy working there. We had paid extra for a beach front room which was certainly worth it for the view alone (see photo). It was such a joy watching the sun set after the hustle and bustle of Los Angeles, our previous stopover. Our room was of reasonable size for three people, clean with extremely comfy queen size beds. Bathroom was well equipped, powerful shower and fresh towels daily. The gardens leading down to the beach are beautiful with picnic areas and benches if you want to sit and relax outside. It is a short walk from the hotel through the gardens to the beach which when we were there was not at all crowded - sandy beach but some coral/pebbles in the shallow water - swim shoes advised for children. The surf here was fine for adults and older children and possibly snorkeling - my son reckoned he could hear dolphins singing to each other! There is a whale shaped swimming pool in the grounds with sunloungers etc. Beach towels are available to borrow. It is also a short walk to Whalers Village - a shopping mall with restaurants based around newer hotels/timeshares. The nearest town is Lahaina where you can book tours for whale watching. The hotel offers hawaiian dancing every evening and craft activities during the day.It is also worthwhile taking up your first day complimentary breakfast as you will be given a lot of information about what you can do on the island (and what the hotel can arrange for you). Just a few things to bear in mind about this hotel regarding extra costs. Although beach towels are free, any other beach equipment has to be hired from a separate company located near the entrance to the beach - this includes chairs and sushades if you have not brought your own. Internet access costs just under $10 for 24 hours - with an 11 hour time difference with the UK this meant we were paying quite a lot for a limited window of use. There is a charge of $1.50 per day for the use of the safe and car park charge is $9.00 a day. The grill restaruant was closed when we were there, so the only option if eating in was the terrace restaurant which was quite expensive compared to other places in Lahaina, particularly for breakfast (buffet breakfast cost $17.99 per person). This can mount up if feeding hungry teenages! However there is a happy hour in the bar to take the edge off it! The hotel was apparently one of the first to be built in the area and it is showing its age a bit. However, as was described to us when we were leaving, they try to create a living room atmoshphere and in this I think they succeed, as it is cosy and welcoming and noone minds if you wear casual clothes all the time. We particulalry liked the leaving ceremony - first time visitors are given a kukui lei - a necklace of nuts which you are meant to bring back with you on your return visit whereupon you will be given a white nut to show you have returned. Some guests had a number of white nuts on their leis which shows how popular the hotel is! We wished we had spent more time at the hotel, and on the island of Maui in particular, and we certainly plan to return in the future.