This was our first family vacation with a child (15 month old daughter). It was truly a trip of a lifetime and hopefully not the last. We came all the way from New York City and were on a budget. It was our first trip ever to Hawaii and after reading many reviews we decided to go to Maui for our 4th year anniversary. We decided to book our vacation at the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel due to its location (near Black Rock), price, and beach quality. Like many of you know, the hotel is located near Black Rock. This is a wonderful spot for snorkeling and spotting sea turtles (we saw 3 at a given time). Having a young child with us, snorkeling through a tour operator was not possible since most of them have an age limit for riding on the boat. This location gave my wife and I the freedom to snorkel while one of us stayed on the beach with the baby. The beach was beautiful and the quality of the sand was very nice (soft to the touch) our daughter loved the taste of it LOL. The sun was pretty intense in Maui so we recommend rash guards if your skin is sensitive. The hotel grounds are kept nice and clean. The 1st floor was undergoing renovations so you could see how outdated the place used to be . We were on the 4th floor which was already renovated. Our room had a partial ocean view (very good one at that). The bed was comfortable and large enough (king size) for the 3 of us. We did request a crib but decided not to use it since the mattress was too soft for our daughters comfort. She did not like it at all and neither did we. It was an old fashioned aluminum crib (outdated hospital style) which we used as a drying/towel rack. There was an extra twin size bed in the room which we didn't use. We did notice that the drain in the bathtub was slow, which we believed was from all the sand that had accumulated in the drain. These were minor issues to us and didn't matter at all. We ate at the Tiki Terrace and enjoyed the food and service. The price was reasonable compared to NYC standards. We had breakfast a couple times at the buffet. Once again the food was good and so was the service. We didn't get to see many shows/ activities since we were always out (car rental is a must in Maui). The housekeeper was very friendly and always cleaned the room when we got back from our daily activities. We do recommend you buy some drinks before heading back to your room since most of the vending machines were out of stock during our stay. There was also a laundry room in the hotel which came in handy for us. Parking was available at a cost ($9/day) and a few shops were available in the hotel grounds. The Whalers Village (shopping center) was a short walking distance away. There you can find restaurants and shops. Overall our trip was wonderful and worth every penny. We definitely recommend this hotel to future travelers on a budget who don't want to skip out on location. The hotel staff was very humble and friendly. They were genuine and didn't come off as people who just wanted a tip. We would definitely come back to this hotel. Other Notes: The weather was great! no rain at all since Maui is dry on that side of the island. We did the road to Hana, Haleakala crater, aquarium, Iao Valley, drove to various beaches, and also attended the Old Lahaina Luau for our anniversary. For those who have young children, it would be wise to locate some doctors who take your insurance , just in case your child gets sick. Our daughter had an ear infection and we found a pediatric facility in Lahaina just prior to our trip. We also recommend NOT to overpack! Toiletries and baby supplies are easily available at Costco, Walmart, and Kmart which are right by the airport. We recommend getting some food at Aloha mixed plate, Paia Fish Market (great fish sandwiches), Alexanders fish and chips in Kihei (great fish tacos) , Da Kitchen at the Wharf (in Front Street, Lahaina), Gazebo Restaurant in Napili (great breakfast and nice view) and for the best shaved ice go to Ululani shaved ice in Lahaina.