Just got back from a 12 night stay at the KBH. We stayed in the 3 level low-rise building. Pro: -Beautiful spacious grounds -Plenty of lawn chairs available -Shade always available if needed -Right on the beach. Great views -Very friendly and helpful staff. The maids are terrific. -Tiki Bar is a nice place for a drink on a hot day. $4 pints and daily specials. - 10 minute bus ride to Lahaina -4 minute walk to Whalers Village Con: - The low-rise is an older wood building. Nice rooms but not very soundproof. If someone uses the shower in the floors above you...you will know it. Won't be able to hear the TV or converse easily. You can hear *everything* in the next door room. You could carry on a conversation with the people next door quite easily. -Security seems lax, especially on weekends. Groups of kids and vagrants freely wander onto the property and loiter. We didn't think it was that big of deal until I had my backpack stolen one day then rifled through the next day. The first time it was stolen it was done by a group of 4 teens. Two watched while two others grabbed the bag and passed it on to the others (as told to me by an elderly couple that watched). The bag was beside my girlfriend who had her head down (very brazen). After that I started observing the property and noticed a few times loiterers "casing" people to watch their lounging habits. Easily stopped if security made a few rounds and challenged people that were obviously not guests. -My only problem with the service was when I ordered a desert for takeout one night. They mentioned a service charge and I told them it wasn't for room service. They said all takeout gets a service charge ..room service or not. A little disappointing. -50 cents a minute to use the internet. I don't know what they charged for wireless. Overall a very nice place that I would visit again. One thing to mention, and everyone is probably aware of this when visiting Maui. It is not a cheap place. Usually we get a condo with a kitchen to lessen the cost. Our accommodations for this last minute trip was just a hotel room. It is very difficult to find a reasonably priced meal in that area.