After getting delayed a day because of snow, we actually got on our way while Hawaii was waiting for a tsunami. Our friends, who were already at the hotel, said the staff was so organized. Phone messages went to all rooms explaining what to do. Hotel - Lobby - nice, low key. vendors every morning selling nice stuff. One elevator was out of service the entire week, ice machines not working on all the floors. First Floor is under construction. No distractions from it. Was surprised they charged $9 a day for parking and another buck and half for the safe. You also had to pay for a chair or lounge on the beach. $10 for so so lounge chair. $31/day for the cool wooden lounge chairs, with pads and little cabana covers. we splurged two days. it was worth it when it started to sprinkle. Rooms - We had a very nice room - Kauai 477. You could lay in your bed and watch the ocean. Room was clean, tub didn't drain properly. They came to fix it - worked for about a day. Bed was very comfortable. Restaurant/Bar - Tiki Restaurant was awesome. Tiki Bar had the best Mai Tai's we had all week. Tiki Grill - try the teryaki burger with grilled pineapple. Mixed Plate out front was great for breakfast. fresh fruit, yogurts, eggs, different breakfast meat every day. the best bread pudding. No inside bar. Bummer the night it rained. Beach/Pool - Not alot of people on the beach because of the cost. The whale action was unbelieveable. take binoculars. Most people took lounge chairs and spread out all over the lawn around the pool and beach. it was quite nice. plumerias blooming. the air had such a sweet smell. Isaiah, who worked for Trilogy Dive Center by the beach, was great. Learned so much from him.... Be careful of rip currents at Black Rock. dangerous the beginning of the week, like a lake at the end of the week. Road to Hana - no more water falls, 7 sacred pools are dried up. it sucked. third time we've done it. never looked like this. Isaiah said a developer snuck in and tapped the water for developing three years ago. There is no island like Maui, where can you see rainbows are one side and whales breaching on the other. It's paradise.