I read a lot of reviews before deciding to book this hotel for the first half of my trip. I wanted an authentic Hawaiian hotel that was in Lahaina area. This fit the bill. Yes, this hotel was on the older side, but the amount of effort and customer service that was provided cannot be matched. The staff try really hard to make you feel a part of the family and we were always greeted in a friendly manner. You get a welcome breakfast on the first or second day on your stay. The welcome breakfast wasn't all that great because it was just a buffet that consisted of scrambled eggs, potatoes, cereal, fruit, juice and coffee. It was however, a very nice gesture. They took this time to tell you about the activities around the island and which tour companies were available. The staff also provided information as to what to watch out for, example - if you were to add this option to your excursion, keep in mind it's not free and this is the price for it. (Insider tips I would tell my friends or family if I were to tell them about excursions I've been on) This was something that this hotel didn't have to do, but they chose to do so and I found it thoughtful. The rooms are decent size and I was fine with it. There isn't much to do at the hotel in terms of nightlife though. There is a show performed at night, but no one ever hung around their bar, so my husband and I just went to sleep around 9PM every night. That actually worked out since it forced us to wake up early every morning. The pool wasn't very big, but it was cute since it was in the shape of a whale. The best part of the hotel was the location. I enjoyed the beach quite a bit and was barely ever at the pool. My husband jogged on the beach every morning and he loved it. There was no room service and parking is $9.00 a day. Laundry and internet aren't free either. We stayed at another hotel in Maui and all this was free, except the room service of course, but I'm not sure if that's the norm. It sure made the trip more relaxing knowing that you didn't have to shell out more money though. There is only one thing I absolutely hated in this hotel are the pillows. I had a hard time sleeping since the pillows had no support and it was worst than sleeping on a bag of marshmellows. Other than that, I thought the service was fantastic in this hotel. I would have given this hotel 3/5, but because of their attention to detail, I would rate this hotel 4/5.