We stayed at KBH for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon, in a newly renovated room. The grounds are amazing (great gardens and spotlessly clean lawns etc)and the location is perfect. right on the beach, right near Black rock ( a must snorkell spot) and a 10 minute drive from Lahaina. Our check in was smooth, the staff are friendly, the valet parking boys are especially helpfull with some tips on what to do, Our room was a 1 King size bed on the 4th floor, was nice and spacious, air cond, good size bathroom, fridge, iron, TV, etc. we were given a gift bottle of champagne to celebrate our honeymoon, nice touch KBH Mahalo! when you check in you get an invite to a free breakfast and orientation of the hotel which we did and was good, the concierge is nice and friendly who hosted the brekkie and we were treated to a hello hula and songs from the staff, and a brief magic show by the in house magician which was great, worth your time. you learn you can do free Hawaiian activites during the day and what happens where in the hotel grounds. They recommend Trilogy to do your tours/activities outside the hotel while on maui and have a Trilogy info/rentals shop outside the hotel on the beach. We didnt use them. I will cover them further down. there was renovations during our stay but it wasnt a problem.In the evenings there is a live Hawaiian band that play 6-9pm every night and do try to catch a show they are amazing. Have a drink from the Tikki bar'n'grill and a snack while you enjoy the music. On the whole its a great hotel for your money. now some do's and donts! Go to black rock on dusk to see the cliff diver light the torches and say a prayer every evening, once the sun has gone down walk along the beach and look for the luminescant lights in the sand right on the shore line, trust me ive never heard of it or seen any reviews on this but theres something magical in the sand right on dark there. Go to Black rock and snorkell... you WILL see turtles every day right there 5 minutes from your hotel. walk around the hotel grounds, the flowers and gardens are beautiful, the shops in the lobby arent dear for a momento of your stay. Do the Aloha ceremony before you leave. but if your from Australia dont take your lei home customs will bin them, keep them at the hotel for your next visit where they will add another seed for every visit.(we did). And some Donts... Dont expect Maui to be as cheap as Oahu... Dont expect your parking to be free... $9.00 a night or $11 plus tips for valet which is a bit steep. dont bother with the resturant there, we tried a small breakfast and it was over $40!! before the tip (which they expect atleast 17% tips and the service by the resturant/bar staff wasnt 17% good) dinner menu is dearer but we gave it a miss. But the breakfast was nice. Dont expect your room safe to be free.. they will charge you and its not even a pin code safe ( but you do get an option to use it or not which is good). Dont expect free internet, $3.oo minimum and 50 cents a minute and 50 cents a page, we were not impressed. and the ATM was out of order for 2 days. If you go to the beach you have the option to hire everything you might need but its not cheap, the shady beach chairs are a good idea but they'll cost ya! we didnt bother, sunblock works just fine but for families maybe worth doing. we made some enquiries at the Trilogy desk for activities/ beach hire, but thet are way too expensive eg, parasail for 10 minutes $75.00 each!! dont bother with the Whalers village shops close by, unless your going to the ABC shop there, waste of time. Sorry to end on a few sour notes guys, i'll cheer it up now... Overall KBH is a lovely hotel, Great for couples or the family, As a beautiful place to stay its hard to beat, we will stay again.