My wife and I stayed here from June 30th to July 7th. This was our first trip to Maui & was a late honeymoon/ 40th B-day for me. Instead of just reviewing this Hotel, I'm going to review my whole trip, so bare with me. Hopefully, you can find some helpful info. in all this. We booked the trip trough Expedia which seemed to be on par price wise with the other on-line travel agencies. Some of the features I liked while booking was the option to upgrade cars, rooms, non-stop flight etc. Travel Guides: We took "Maui Revealed". A lot of great info. Also, all over the Island are travel guides with maps. These are filled with discount coupons for different food and attractions. Flight: We took a non-stop flight on United. If your tall, pay for the $50 upgrade to Economy plus. You'll appreciate the extra leg room. Also, the emergency exits have the most leg room, but you must be willing to help out in an emergency. When you check-in with your flight prior to departure, you may be able to get these emergency exit seats without having to pay the upgrade (we did on the flight over). Packing: Pack light. United charges $125 for over 50 pounds. But I found they didn't really pay too close attention to this. They also charge for each booked bag (cheaper if paid before hand on-line). We brought more than we needed. I had no need for slack or a coloered shirt. If you do an activity at a hight altitude, it can get cold. So take that into consideration. But there's no reason not to bring back a nice Maui sweatshirt you bought. If you plan on buying shirts or other clothing in Maui, just wear it while your there. This will allow plenty of room in your suitcase for those souvenir bring backs. The flight offered only free drinks and everything else you had to pay for (although head sets are now free and the jack will work with your ipod head phones). They offfered food for purchase, but if you want to save money, bring your own snacks or sandwiches (TSA will make you ditch your drinks). Car rental: If your going to drive most the Island and spend time in the car, make sure your car is big enough and comfortable. Also beware of upgrades they'll offer you. Know what your insurance or credit card will cover before you go, or you may end-up paying for extra not needed coverage. We were offered a convertible upgrade, but with temps in the high 80's, I wanted air conditioning. I also didn't feel at a loss without a convertible, but it's a personal preference. Food and items to bring to the hotel: There's a Costco and Wal-mart on the way to the hotel. We stopped at Wal-mart and picked-up some snacks. We also picked-up a case of water to leave in the car & a case to leave in the room. The rooms have mini-friges, but no Microwave. Don't forget utensils (paper plate, towels, bowls, spoons, knife, etc,). We also picked-up some rollout sand mats for just under two bucks. These we just left behind. Cheap towels may also be a good idea if you plan to checkout different beachs. The hotel offers free towels to use for the beach, but they're the same as the shower towels in the rooms. And if you didn't bring your own snorkel gear, this may be the time to pick some up. Sets sell for $30 to $50. Rental's I saw where $8.00 for two hours. And don't forget sunblock , hats and watershirts to swim/snorkel in that are SPF rated. The sun will eat you up. The Hotel: Staff was friendly, and the room was clean. But this is an older hotel. If you like a new hotel that's more upscale, this isn't it. It worked fine for our needs. Our bacony room was on the top floor (6th) and faced the pool. You had to stand on the balcony to see the ocean (I think they consider this a ocean view). We spent ever morning out there feeding the birds and mapping out our day. We also sat out there at night enjoying the music from the band that plays every night. No major problems, but they were doing construction upgrades to the wing next to ours. And one of the two elevators wasn't working for about 4 days. The grounds here are larger than any of the other hotels I saw. A ton of grass area complete with chairs. Also, several trees to lay under if you want out of the sun. They have a nice activities rental hut right at the boardwalk. This is were you get your towels for the beach. Or can rent snorkel gear, booging boards, etc. And there's a shower to rinse off sand right near the hut on the boardwalk. The beach in this area is nice and big compared to the beach area in front of some of the newer hotels. The waves are just small shorebreak. Further down the beach are some nice surfing waves. But as you drive Hwy 30 into Kaanapali, you'll see other nice beaches with surfing waves. The other end of the beach takes you to Black Rock. This has some excellent snorkeling. We even saw sea turtles here. The Hotel offers you a free buffet breakfast. They give some great info. at this breakfast on activivites around the island and a few other things. And there's a ton of different free activities offered at the hotel you can sign-up for. They also give you a checkout lay. Parking is $9.00 a day, but my room safe was free. And since it was our honeymoon, they gave us some free champagne, chocolates & cookies with bed turndown service. Very nice touches. The prices at the hotel gift shop were on par with everywhere else. Internet is available in the lobby (at a cost) if you just need to check your e-mail. Food: The hotel offers a few different buffet choices. They also have a mixed plate restaurant, but we never made it inside. There's plenty of places to eat for $20 to $40, but if you look around, you'll find cheaper places. Subway and Round table pizza are only five minutes away. The tiki grill at the hotel isn't a bad deal. $10 burgers and 3 chicken or beef skewers for $8. And the bar offerers drink specials. Avoid the food court at Whalers village (the Mc Donalds is probably ok), but the rest tasted or looked horrible. There's also plent y of outdoor farmer markets to check out. There's a real nice one on Lower Honopali'ilani Rd towards Napili. Complete with free tasting. Choose between 10 different jams or dips. Also plenty of fresh fruit or breads to buy. Check out Mama's Fish House on your way to or coming back from Hana. Excellent food, view, and atmosphere. It really isn't that expensive when you compare it to what they're charging at the hotel restaurants. And for breakfast, try Pineapple bananna pancakes w/ macadania nuts and coconut syrup at the Gazebo. Park in the Napili Shores parking lot and follow the signs. Other Hotels: You can walk the boardwalk all the way down to the last resort in this area. This is where you'll see the newer hotels in the area. Some are definetly more kid friendly with beautiful pools. But I noticed there wasn't much area to hangout in and this included the beach in front of these hotels. So I guess the trade off is newer/nicer rooms, but more kids and crowds. We booked several adventures: Make sure you know the location of the outfit you booked with in correlation to the hotel. No sense driving two hours away to do something they offer 5 minutes form the hotel (we did this with Ziplining). We drove two hours to the Skyline Eco-Adventure at Haleakala, when it's offered by the same outfit 10 minutes away in Kaanapali. I was very pleased with this Zip line company. We also took the Pacific Whale Foundation boat to Molokini & Turtle Arches for snorkeling. I recommend joining the Pacific Whale Foundation, as the savings on this trip by being a member, pays for the membership. And you get a free shirt. This seemed like a very professional outfit, and I would use them again. Lu'au: We did the Old Lahaina Lu'au, which is just off Front St. in Lahaina right next to the Aloha mixed plated (our waiter at Aloha mixed plate was also a dancer at the lu'au). Everyone we talked to recommended this Lu'au, and we weren't disapointed. There's also the Feast at Lele, that offers dancing and food from Hawai'i, Tonga, Tahiti, and Samoa. The Old Lahaina being just Hawaiian. If you go during the fourth of July: There's a fireworks display in Old Lahaina. And fireworks are permitted on the beach and can be purchased at Wal-mart (wish i had known ahead of time). Road to Hana: Your choice. We just went to mile marker 2. Walked a mile inland to the waterfall there. Wife swam in the pond. If you want that jungle feel but don't want to do the road to Hana, we found an area about 15 minutes from Kaanapali. The parking area to Honolua bay (excellent snorkeling) is like a jungle. This is just past Napili. You have to walk through this thick jungle vegetation on a trail just to get to the bay. Complete with wild roosters (which seem to be all over the Island). Sunday Service: The hotel offers a non-denominational service. I also noticed several of the other hotels setting-up services. Westside Calvary Chapel is only 5 minutes up the road. Early service is in their new building & the late service is held down the road on one of the small beaches off Hwy 30. Overall this is a nice Hotel and I wouldn't hesitate in staying here again. After driving around most of the Island, I felt Kaanapali was the best place to stay on the whole Island. I hope this info. helps with your trip. Good luck.