We stayed on the second floor of the Kuaia building. Upon arrival, we went to the hotel room. I am not sure what on earth happened in that hallway, it REAKED of cat urine or pesticide. It was unbearable. I was concerned this would be an issue in my room. It was so strong, I was concerned it would give us all an illness. The good news was two things, in the room, it did not have this odor and we left the patio door open anytime we were in the room and we could not smell it - so the only time we could smell it was when the room door opened - such as to get towels etc. The smell was awful enough though that I immediately found a second entrance closer to my hotel room just so that I did not have to expose the family to the smell. So the room itself was nice enough. I never found it dirty and I am a bit freaked out by all those 20/20 hotel expose's but it did seem to be clean enough to not have me feeling scared to touch things. The pool is wonderful - especially if you have small children. About 50% of the pool is between 2-3 feet deep so the little one's can learn to walk in the water and enjoy it, like a giant bathtub for them (but not as hot and filled with chlorine). The Chlorine is needed however because the bathrooms for the pool appear to be in the hotel lobby and I did not see people (children) getting out to use the bathrooms. Needless to say, it is heavily chlorinated but very enjoyable. (yes - gross I know but all public pools have kids peeing in them - so what are you going to do?). The beach is very enjoyable at the hotel and there is a nice boardwalk that is just before the beach which makes for a nice night walk. So overall, the room was nice - some of the rooms have tile floors. I would have loved a room with a tile floor - if I had that, I would likely have rated the overall experience much higher however - overall - the location was good, the staff was nice, the rooms were not terribly cramped or anything and they were clean. There is still construction going on at the hotel but they try and keep it away from the guests some how.