We have just returned from an 8 night stay for our 25th wedding anniversary from Apr. 16 - 24th. In comparison to the other hotels surrounding ours, we found that we had the most property to sprawl out on and put your lounge chair wherever you wanted and had your own space without being on top of your neighbour. There was never a problem of getting a chair even around the pool as was evident at the other higher end hotels nearby. The fragrance of the plumeria trees in bloom in the courtyard was amazing. We had an oceanfront room with 2 double beds even though we had requested a king size bed. We were disappointed upon entering the room and found this however we were on the 3rd floor of the Molokai Wing which was the top floor and the view of the beach was amazing. When I called the front desk and asked them about a king size bed, they said they did not have any available with an ocean front room. They said to check the next day for any cancellations if we wanted to. We decided to stay where we were and didn't bother inquiring. My husband enjoyed watching 3 young dolphins at play one early morning from our balcony! Our room was a little tired looking but on the whole not bad and for the location of the hotel and price compared to the others, it was well worth it. The meals weren't bad at the hotel. We bought the Romance Package and it included a buffet breakfast at The Mixed Plate Restaurant or your coupon could be used toward your meal at The Tiki Grill but then you had to pay the extra and really, there wasn't a great difference in the quality of the food there from the other restaurant. Our package also included our rental car and an insulated picnic bag to keep along with a picnic lunch which included enough food for a couple of lunches for the 2 of us so we were pleased that we had purchased that particular package with our travel agent. The weather was perfect. The staff for the most part was friendly, not over the top but okay, with the front desk the friendliest. We went to the magic show offered at our hotel and very much enjoyed it and the meal provided. On our day of departure, we were given kukuei nut leis to wear in keeping with the Hawaiian traditions which this hotel is noted for. On the whole, we had a nice relaxing holiday and would stay at the KBH again should we ever return.