We just went to the Kaanapali Beach hotel with our two kids, ages 4 & 6 and had a marvelous time. I have to admit when we first checked in we were not impressed with our room and were a little concerned that the rest of the hotel would have the same rundown feel but that was not the case. The room was very spacious and frankly, we didn't spend a lot of time there anyway - the real value of this hotel is in the beautiful location and the activities you can participate in. They post the activities and you have to register for them beforehand (don't just show up because there is preperation that goes into each of the activities) and the ones that we did were awesome - we learned how to play the ukulele, made leis and took a hula class - all really fun! My four year old son took the lei making class with us and actually did great. You have to take the initiative to participate in the activities - it would be easy to miss if you weren't aware of them! (Also, it was nice to go to a welcome breakfast where they didn't try to arm wrestle you into buying a condo) Our kids just loved the passport program, and I didn't feel pressured to buy anything - they were just thrilled that they got a stamp and a gift at each location throughout the resort and totally got into the whole program - my daughter wore her passport even when we weren't in the hotel. She was very proud and told every kid she saw about it. The shows in the evening were nice, we could sit and have a cocktail and the kids danced to the music, so relaxing! If it's luxury you're after or you're on your honeymoon, I probably wouldn't stay there, but with family it was perfect - check rates and you'll see that it's a great value for that part of Maui. It was our first time to take the kids to Maui, I would have been ticked if we took them to a four star hotel and hung out at the pool the whole time. We felt very welcome and very comfortable and would definitely go back. We had a free night at the Marriott Wailea which was really awesome - they have an incredible pool (hey - weren't we on one of the best beaches in the world? why were we at the pool?) And the rooms were first class, the buffet breakfast was absolutely first class but it definitely didn't have a relaxed family feel, the beach wasn't directly in front of the hotel (if you stay in Wailea be aware that they have a pretty small beach compared to Kaanapali and all the hotels share it - in Kaanapali most of the hotels have their own beachfront) not to mention the going rate was nearly 3x that of Kaanapali Beach Hotel, we couldn't have swung a whole trip there but it was nice to have a little luxury at the end of our trip. All in all, as far as value - Kaanapali Beach Hotel is worth it - stay there, save the cash and use it for excursions and the HUGE cost of dining throughout Maui!