My husband & I stayed here the last 3 nights of our honeymoon. The rest of the week we were at a condo so we were really looking forward to the luxury of a hotel. Our room package came with the free rental car, so we dropped our previous rental off & picked up the free one. It was a really cute Dodge Cailber - so much nicer than the crappy Cavalier we drove the rest of the week. Like a ditzy teenager, I mistakenly left my purse at a restaurant near the airport and didn't realize until we were getting our bags out of the car with the valet. The valet was super nice to help me make sure it wasn't in the car or with my bags and the concierge helped me locate the phone number to the restaurant. The drive back to get my purse sucked b/c Kaanapali is not close to the airport at all and it was "rush hour" on the one & only road to the airport. Our room was oceanfront and really nice - there was a card & champagne waiting for us (plastic flutes, but still nice.) This hotel is not swanky by any means & luxurious it isn't. But it's a great deal for budget conscious people. One bank of elevators was broken the whole time we were visiting, so getting back up to the room was a chore. We also had trouble getting a concierge to help us book a luau. It seemed like she was on lunch everytime we went down there. We eventually booked, though, and had a great time. Each night, we had turn-down service where they left an orchid & macadamia nut cookie on your pillow. I thought it was a cute touch. When you leave, you have the option of attending a farewell ceremony where you get a kakui nut lei that you are supposed to bring back every visit. They will then trade out the nuts on your lei for different nuts. They really try to make you feel like your are "ohana" - "family". The pool is nice but nit near as cool as some of the other pools down the strip. Our package included free breakfast at the Blue Plate every morning - really good buffet - and one free dinner at the on-site restaurant. It was probably the best meal we had all week. The whole Kaanapali area is nice and we loved how close (walking distance) it was to Whalers Village (shopping and restaurants). Just writing this makes me want to go back :)