I read all the reviews on here prior to going and thoroughly prepared my wife that this was not the Ritz Carlton but perhaps more like a dated Holiday Inn and we were both fine with that based on the price/location. We were on our anniversary trip and the hotel knew this and gave us a upgrade from the garden view we booked to a partial ocean view as well as a bottle of champagne in the room! Now the view was quite nice - but only accessible by going out on the balcony and then only on one side of the balcony, the rest of the time the view was of the Whaler next door (not a very exciting view). The bed was much firmer than my liking but not unbearable, the pillows are extremely soft but there were extras in the room so between the two of us we had six pillows in use and made it work. We were in the Kaua'i wing which as far as I can tell is not yet renovated, however we did see the entire second floor appeared to be under renovation (rooms were stripped) so perhaps it is being done now. The room was nothing fancy but appeared to be clean did not stink or any of the other complaints I read about before going. All of the hotel staff we encountered were extremely friendly especially Jenny at the front counter when we checked in - we were already kind of bummed as our flight was late, Dollar rent a car took forever to give us our car and traffic was horrendous because of the Halloween party in Lahaina - so it was nice to see a smiling happy face. As for the food onsite, we ate at the mixed plate restaurant and really wish we hadnt it was not very good in our opinion at all. However there were other people there eating and they seemed to enjoy it so maybe its personal preference. We also ate at the Tiki Terrace for the Sunday champagne brunch - that was absolutely wonderful and I would recommend that to everyone to try, its a bit pricey but based on the sheer number of food options they provide its totally worth it, add to it that if you enjoy champagne you wont be disappointed, they never let my glass get 1/4 empty. The only other meal we had onsite other than the welcome breakfast was going to the magic show. The meal was good and the mai tais were great! The show was worth seeing but definitely paying a premium for front row seating - but again we thought it was worth it. I wish I could report more on the snorkeling at Blackrock, but out of a 6 day trip I only got to snorkel one time, but I did see a large sea turtle and several schools of fish including tangs, triggers etc. The snorkeling area does get extremely crowded and if there are any kids who decide to jump off Blackrock then it gets worse as you have people jumping in the area you would typically snorkel. The rest of the trip the surf became too high (the hotel alerted us with voicemail on our phone about the surf warnings) and one day it rained the entire day. That was very disappointing since I love to snorkel but of course nothing the hotel can do about the weather! All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone as long as they are not expecting pampering/luxury etc as this is not what you get at KBH, you will however get a nice well taken care of hotel with extremely friendly staff and a good bargain for being on one of the nicest beaches in Maui.