I believe Hawaii is beautiful no matter where you stay. The flight was long but well worth it. If we ever do again we would do a stay over somewhere in California to break up the long flight. Rent a car. If you don't you will miss out on so much. We rented a convertible - enjoyed it so much we then came home and bought one!! The drive from the airport is absolutley beautiful. We drove that road a lot during our stay and never grew tired of it. Our check-in was effortless. The people kind. Our room was good and we left the door open to our balconey every night. We were rewarded with the sound of the waves to go to sleep with at night and each morning by little birds in our room. Hint: pick up some birdseed and you will have them too! We had no trouble with mosquitoes in our room. The doves were always the first birds we heard. They were numerous around thehotel and into the other areas. Very soothing. Upon our arrival we were presented with a lei and were instructed to keep for a return trip so a white nut could be added. I forgot how to spell it. Our room had a bottle of wine and a fruit and chees platter waiting for us. Mind you we got the romantic package so there were extra things included. On one day the hotel packed us a picnic basket(came with our package) for one of our day excursions. There was enough food for 3 days!! They included a bottle of wine and also there were real plates, eine glasses and utensiles. NO PLASTIC forks!! We went on the trip line excursion (ok if you have never done. We have done in Jamacia already), a submarine trip to check out the fish life, the road to Hana, a helicopter trip around Maui (highly recommend) took in a show in Lahana called Ulalena (highly recommend), a Luau, Haleakala, a winery, and whale watching (highly recommend), went to see Neil Sedaka in concert (was really nice) and lots of other things too mumerous to mention. The whale watching was the highlight of the trip. We went out 3 times and the whales came right up tot he boat! Breakfast buffet which was included was generic. However the pineapple and the fresh juices were really really good. We never grew tired of them. There are other hotels that might be a little more upscale. This was was nice and really did not have any real complaints. Would have rather had a oceanfront room, but the little birds made up having a garden overview room. We really did not spend much time in our room and wanted to see all of Maui we could so ithat was one of the reason we didn't pcik a more upscale hotel. If you ever get a chance to go...make the time! Can share photos upon request.