We arrived on Maui June 29th 3007 and went to the Kaanapali Beach Hotel (KBH). I had some reservations after reading the reviews before we went. In all honesty this is a very nice place to stay IF you make sure you take one of the newer remodeled rooms. Our first room was the "older" style it was kind of depressing. Not dirty, but old. What really got me was the first morning. I awoke and used the bathroom. There were little ant like insects ALL OVER the bathroom.... Sorry but I dont like bugs anywhere.... After going to the front desk we were immediately put into a new room on the 6th floor, on the water... it was heaven! We then started to see how friendly this place is. Every thing works well, the staff is very friendly and helpful. The pool is small but clean and fun... the bar is right there as is a little food place.. the evenings are great with the music playing, the palm trees swaying, the sun setting, the sound of the surf.... More than other hotels this one excels at giving you the hawaain feel. While we went out most nights (there's alot to do all over" we did spend a few relaxing evenings at our hotel and enjoyed it alot. Make sure you take in the magic show and dinner at the KBH. It was great for adult and kids. Lei making, outdoors dinner, this is a wonderful place and its probably the best deal on kaanapali beach. If you want to do some sightseeing, go to Lahaina and book your "things to do " over there. You'll be amazed at the great dicounts you can get on the activities you want to do while on Maui. You might have to take in a Timeshare presentation or 2 but get this... beside the discounts (saved over $350) we also got $200 is gift certificates from the marriott and the sheraton.... they were useful in many places on Kanaapali beach and Lahaina... they were as good as cash! The beach in front of the KBH is one of the better in the area... some of the more expensive hotels had alot of rocks on their beaches, ours had none.... There were seven of us in our party ... all of us were very satisfied with the KBH... and would go back again... were were actually sad to leave it.... Just make sure you take a REMODELED room.... you will have a wonderful time!