We stayed at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel from 6/9/07 thru 6/15/07 and had a very enjoyable time. If you are looking for a place to stay in Kaanapali that's lower cost, w/ a great location on the beach, and has a slow paced, relaxing vibe, this is a property to consider. Almost everyone that's reviewed this place has indicated its location on the beach is one of its strongest attributes. and I agree w/ this. The beach behind the hotel is wide and the walk down to Black Rock and some wonderful snorkerling is very short. We actually found the snorkeling at Black Rock to be a little better than Molokini (we saw sea turtles on a couple different days at Black Rock). Regarding the rooms, we stayed in the Maui wing of the hotel and found the room to be very clean, comfortable, and spacious. Having spent the last night of our vacation at the Westin, I can tell you that our room at the KBH was just as nice, if not larger, than our room at the Westin (and much, much cheaper). Rooms w/in the Maui wing have been renovated and I think they are classified as 'partial oceanview' (although you have to peer through many a tree to see the ocean). We were originally slotted for a garden view room but were upgraded as it was our anniversary. Not sure what condition the rooms w/in the Kaui and Molokai wings are, but it seems like some of the more negative comments regarding this place have come from folks staying in these areas. If this concerns you, it may be best to reserve a room w/in the Maui or Lanai wings as it will insure you a renovated room w/ at least a really nice view of the courtyard - and, this will still be considerably less expensive than a stay at the higher end hotels (although, one should really think about how much time you're going to spend in your room as we were only there to sleep, shower, and change clothes - our room at the Westin was oceanfront w/ a really great view of the ocean and we spent no more time in that room or out on the patio than at the KBH). The pool area of the hotel is satisfactory. It's a no frills pool in the shape of a whale. You can't compare this pool w/ the spectacular one at the Westin which has waterfalls and waterslides; however, the kids in our party had fun swimming in it and it was never crowded during our stay - no need to endlessly search for chairs or strain to keep track of your kids because of the sheer size of the pool complex or the mobs of people (see an afternoon at the Westin pool area for this). Lastly, I'd just like to say that the feel and tone of this place was just what we were looking for....Very relaxing...Very slow paced....I think some people think their slogan of being the 'most Hawaiian hotel' is cheesy and such; however, having also stayed at the Westin during our vacation, I can say our experience at the KBH was more in line w/ how we expected to feel while in Maui. Additionally, their nightly Hula and music show was very entertaining and contributed to this feeling. A nice touch and perfect way to end a fun filled day in paradise..... With that said, I think any return trip to paradise for us will include a stay at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel.