We just got home, still feeling the spirit of Aloha. Having found a few mixed reviews I had some trepidation - but all in all it was wonderful. We had reserved room on the Aloha rate/Garden view, (this was our anniversary) not knowing what to expect - they gave us a partial ocean view in the Kauai wing, ground floor as requested. However, this wing is in tired shape and I could not tolerate the smell or the lumpy bed - so we immediately went to change rooms and they graciously allowed us to visit several rooms and choose our own. We upgraded to Ocean View in the Lanai Wing and it was perfection!! Lovely room and fantastic view, though the bed was a typical hotel bed - we had no trouble sleeping on it. 90% of the staff was as gracious as I could have hoped for, and some were outstanding, but there were a few with a bit of a hearing or attitude problem. There was never any difficulty or irritation. We were told on our last day that the highway was closed, there had been a bad accident, we were not going to make our flight, after we checked out and the shuttle could not get through - - we juggled flight and shuttle and the hotel managed to give us back our old room. (we were not going to complain about anything and took the extra day as a gift/blessing) The nightly show was nice, we viewed from Tiki Terrace on our first night - had fresh snapper and it was delicious - every other night we listened to the music from our balcony. Our last night we again ate at Tiki Terrace and had the traditional Hawaiian dinner - the salad was the best part but hubby got a big old stem in his. The daily breakfast at Aloha Mixed Plate was ample and it's a cute place. The Tiki Grill - well, we ate there and I suggest you all avoid it. The Tiki Bar had wicked Mai Tai's, but there again I think better can be had elsewhere. This was not our first visit to Maui and we went to chill - no car and it can be done! There are now buses on Maui, traffic can be crazy and we didn't want to add to that or hassle with a car. So YES you can do Maui without a car. There is much in the area that can be walked to. Would we stay here again? Absolutely! We have stayed at B&B and a condo rental on previous visits, both in south Maui (Kihei and Wailea) . The activities provided by the hotel are fun. Budget stretching advise - the food court at Whalers VIllage has several choices that are fine. Our favorite place was Leilani's, with the best food, atmosphere and service of our trip - we liked it so well we ate there on our last full day and took the extra day we got to eat there again and get a carry out salad for our final dinner.