My husband and I stayed the Kauai wing of the hotel. We had a non-smoking room on an upper floor with a beautiful view of the beach, the black rock and gardens below. Each night wed sit on the balcony and listen to the nightly music from below. The electric harp (looks more like a xylophone) gave the evenings a unique and memorable ambiance. Lina, our maid, became more like a friend. It was a pleasure to stay there with an excellent location, walking distance to Whalers Village, a beautiful beach in front of the hotel and snorkeling around the black rock about 300 feet away. The pool isnt huge but it was adequate and it didnt seem like that many people use it. Most people are on the beach or on the large grassy areas relaxing or reading. Considering the location is in a busy area among a lot of other huge hotels, the atmosphere at the hotel very relaxed. There werent a lot of screaming kids and it didnt seem crowded. Most people were just sitting in the sun reading or enjoying food and drinks from the Tiki Bar. My husband and I also liked staying on this part of the island because it seemed to rain less. The other side is more lush but for a good reason. The last time we were in Maui, we stayed at the Sheraton but we both decided we liked the Kaanapali Beach Hotel better. The Sheraton is high class and about twice the price. Parking was much easier at the KBH with a parking ramp and close to the hotel, versus a lot. The beach and elevators were close also. It seemed that the Sheraton was a lot more walking to get anywhere and the grounds seem smaller and more crowded in the public areas. The KBH has many return customers because of the atmosphere. The hotel seems genuine and is very relaxed and enjoyable. The KBH is an older hotel and some areas could use remodeling and the walls seemed a bit thin but our room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. It is a good family hotel, similar to a good family restaurant. Our room was a standard hotel style room without the wow-factor of the more expensive chain-hotels but for half the price and an awesome location and personality.