Stayed at the KBH 1/6 to 1/10 in the older Molokai wing, "garden view". Overall I can't complain too much since I paid $125 a night for the room. Room: The room was cleaned daily and decent size. Mine had a king size bed and a sofa and didn't feel cramped. We hardly stayed in our rooms (Road to Hana, Haleakala crater, Whale watching cruise, snorkeling, Olivine pools and Nakele blow hole, dinner at Mama's fishhouse) so getting luxurious accommodations wasn't a priority. But for your "hotel/resort snobs" here are some negatives: There was a musty odor (like wet dog) which resolved by running the fan and AC. The TV had cable but was a "regular" set (not flat screen let alone flat panel). The furniture had some chips here and there. The bedding was motel qualitly. The shower door didn't have any sort of latch and there was some rust stains on the edges. My "view" was of the Sheraton's fence. So of course this was no 4 or 5 star room, but hey, I got a great deal on the room. Service: Friendly staff. My wife had a hole in her bathing suit that needed to be sewn and the staff brought up a sewing kit in 5 minutes (and didn't accept my tip). Check in and check out was straightforward. Hotel/Resort: Only thing really missing is a gym. Otherwise they had everything else on site if staying in the resort was all you wanted to do (restaurants, gift shop, spa/salon, activities, pool, bar, etc). Also the grounds are well landscaped with palm trees and banana trees, etc. The pool is a decent break from the sand and salt water, but with Kaanapali beach and Black Rock at your foot steps, I didn't spend much time at the pool. Restaurant: My wife and I had breakfast at the Tiki Terrace (taro bread french toast, papaya juice, eggs, taro hash browns, portugese sausage, coffee) which came out to $40. The food was good quality but obviously there are cheaper options out there (Moose McGullicutty in Lahaina for example). Didn't try any other on site options since we dined out the rest of the time. Location: Couldn't be better. Walked to Black Rock to snorkel my last 2 days (and swam with a sea turtle on one day). Walked to the Whaler's village mall to rent my snorkel gear at Maui dive shops (waaay cheaper than the on site vendor and better quality gear). 5 minutes to Lahaina for more dining and shopping options. Other notes: Eventhough I got the Aloha value, it still included one free "orientation" breakfast (which I didn't partake in since I already had my activities planned out which required leaving the hotel by 6 or 7 AM 3 out of the 4 days I was there). Parking is an extra $8/day. The in room safe is $1.50/day. The farewell "ceremony" is a nice touch. It takes literally 5 minutes and you get the farewell lei. Overall, I would stay here again owing to its great location, plus I'm not a "hotel snob". However if you care about the thread count on your sheets, having marble in the bathroom, ordering room service and champagne, pools with waterfalls and slides, etc, you will NOT be happy here.