We just returned from the KBH Oct 5-12. We had a wonderful time. Our rooms were upgraded from garden view to partial ocean view in the Kaua'i wing. They were as I expected from reading the reviews. Nothing fancy, but who spends their time in their rooms when in paradise? They are still in the process of upgrading the rooms in this wing. We travelled with 2 teenagers, I child and grandma, and there was enough to interest all of us! The classes were excellent, (my 11 year old loved the passport program and all the little goodies he received) we did the Garden Walk (great job Mikala!), the printing, lei making, and Ukelele lessons. The teenagers LOVED the close proximity to the mall (Whalers' Village). It was handy, there is a little food court there that has a McDonalds to fill them up with reasonably priced food. However the burgers were excellent at the Tiki Hut, especially the terriyaki burger with grilled pineapple! The buffet breakfast had enough choices to make all 6 of us happy (Mixed plate). The drinks were amazing at the Tiki bar....a must try is the Kaanapali Flow, dessert and drink mixed into one! We did Sunshine Helicopters, the road to Hana (all the way around, quite the adventure!), and the Maui Ocean Centre. The helicopter was unforgettable (thanks Glenda!) and we were able to purchase a DVD of our flight.. a must do trip!! I would recommend going to the welcome breakfast, will give you a feel for what activities you should do. We spent our last night at a luau at the Sheraton next door ( wed and fri only). Preferred seating is the way to go. They put on an excellent show, with a firedancer as the finale. The weather and the beach were perfect, with the waves and the undertow creating excellent body surfing for the kids, entertained them for hours. We have travelled many places, and I was a little worried that Maui might be a little too commercialized for us, however, we had a FANTASTIC time and would definately recommend KBH as the place to stay so you don't get that "part of the crowd" feeling. P.S Rudy (who played with Don Ho) at KBH steals the show!