I'm writing this review the day after coming home from Maui as I was very apprehensive about the hotel based on all of the reviews I read, and wanted to give future travelers my opinion on this hotel and the ones around it. Normally I stay in Marriotts, Hiltons, Hyatts, etc. for business and can be a bit of a hotel snob, but I did not want to pay a lot of money for a room I would basically be sleeping in, so my decision for this hotel was primarily based on price, and secondarily on location - I wanted to be on Kaanapali south of the Sheraton and Black Rock. Overall the hotel was not as bad as I was expecting - I was expecting it to be very run down. I had requested to be in one of the newer wings and stayed in both the Lanai and the Maui - our requested king was not available when we checked in around 10PM but we were moved as soon as one was available. The Maui wing was definitely the nicer of the two in my opinion. The hotel lobby is a bit run down and the rooms are not the Four Seasons, but for the price and location it was great and I have no complaints. I did not smell any of the mustiness that we heard about. The bellman are willing to bring your bags to your room, so if you are in a wing without elevators I would have them brought to your room, probably worth the tip. Originally my plan had been to "sneak" into the pools at the other hotels but ended up using only the KBH hotel and beach - in the grand scheme of things a lawn chair is a lawn chair, and the other pools were quite crowded and had more children. The beach in front of the KBH is amazing - the widest stretch - if you are at the Marriott or the Hyatt you cannot even really lay on the beach - at high tide the water was going up to the plants at the top of it, and the Hyatt's beach was very rocky on top of that. The Hyatt had the best lobby of the hotels on the beach, I had expected to be sorry I was not at the Marriott as I had stayed there before, but it is looking run down and I was happy to be at the KBH instead. The cabanas on the beach at all of the hotels are rented out by the various resorts and associated travel groups, and were well worth the price (about $20 for half the day). There were no problems getting lawn chairs at the pool at any times of the day and the water was a great temperature. The grounds of the hotel were beautifully maintained and while they may not have been as elaborate as the other hotels, it was still nice to look at. We had garden rooms in both wings but since they overlook the pool area, we did have some ocean view way in the distance (at least in the buildings we were in, the doors into the room faced the back of the hotel). The bathrooms were small but were ok for the two of us (a couple), and maid service brought us extra towels when we needed them. The staff was friendly but not overly so. We went for the valet parking since it was only $2 a day more than regular parking and I also think that was worth it - made things easy on us. We did not eat at the hotel restaurants aside from the Tiki Bar and Grill at the pool - the burgers were excellent as were the blue hawaii's. I had the best steak of my life at the Westin's outdoor restaurant. As far as things to do - this hotel is close enough to Black Rock that you can walk to snorkeling, to Whalers Village for meals and shopping, and scuba, etc. is offered (for additional fees). Originally I had wanted to stay at the Westin and their grounds were beautiful, but I think when I return to Maui I would stay at the KBH again, with perhaps one or two nights at the Westin to splurge. Now, if you are looking for the frills of room service, in-room internet, and being catered to the way the Intercontinental, Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons, etc. do, I would recommend the Westin or perhaps the Hyatt (if you don't want beach. If you are looking to explore the island, enjoy the beach and pool, be on a great stretch of beach, and are ok with a basic hotel room, this is honestly the place to be. I don't think you'll be sorry, and if you are horrified with your room, it does seem that the management will move you and try to accomodate your requests.