I had to write a review as soon as I got back to help those who were a little nervous about the Kaanapali Beach Hotel. First off I am not a whiner or a complainer just giving you hints and tips. Okay The KBH is a great resort for those who like a slower pace. The photos of the hotel grounds do not do it justice. I was absolutely amazed at the beauty of the trees and other plants in the middle area of the hotel and everywhere around the hotel. Very comfortable atmosphere. There were literally a hundred different lounge chairs around the grounds. After a day at the beach it was so nice to grab a lounge chair and lay under a tree and relax. The pool is heated. Not a bad size either. But mainly for the little toddlers. Everyone I noticed seemed to be having a wonderful time. This is an older hotel. There are cracks in the sidewalks and such but none of that mattered to us. The feeling in the air was so relaxing and comfortable and made us very glad to be in MAUI. If you are one of the many who need a perfect resort where everything is more brand new, that isn't a problem - stay in the Sheraton next door, Kaanapali Ali, Westin etc. They were very nice and had more of a posh feeling with waterfalls, koi ponds and people who will wait on you hand and foot. You can still come and sit on a lounge chair under a tree at the KBH resort. They are welcoming. No one will even notice if you borrow a chair and relax. Very friendly. Okay here goes some complaining... DO NOT STAY IN THE MOLOKAI WING if you have a problem with your back or do not like a very OLD room. We booked late and could not avoid staying in this wing. We were in room 125 bottom floor with a walk out garden area and patio which was a little blessing. The bad news is the mattresses were so bad and very uncomfortable in our room. Also double beds. They must have been at least 25+ yrs. old. Very bad for those like me with bad backs. Also our dresser/entertainment center had three drawers and all THREE drawers were broken. The furniture was outdated and run down, but we didn't notice that so much. The room was VERY CLEAN though. The maids are so wonderful. Very nice, eager to please. The room had a little smell but I planned ahead thanks to previous reviews and brought two vanilla scented glad plug ins and that did the trick. The smell is not their fault. Maui is more humid. They try very hard to make everything perfect for you. Really they do. Also the bathroom was so funny! there is a little 3 1/2 X 6 1/2 foot area with a sliding door where the toilet is and a shower stall. No way two people could fit in that area at the same time. I forgot to take a picture. Outside of that area is the closet (good size) and long vanity area with sink. The refrigerator worked great and we were able to stuff a lot of water bottles, and tons of food in there. We stuck it out and it did not ruin our trip we did not have a bad stay. Just will make sure to get the Maui or Lanai Wing (but I will get to that in a minute) The good news was that I actually liked our garden area and could hear the ocean from our room, which helped relax us and slept better. We could walk straight out and up the back of the wing to the beach. You did have to see the back of the Sheraton but believe it or not I really didn't mind that. Between the breeze, the palms, the little birds it really wasn't bad. However the garden room patios in the Kauai wing were not as good they were more enclosed, you couldn't walk out and view of an old fence and the Whaler is pretty close on that side. The patio furniture in all of the rooms is old and used. But think about it. They are outside in the elements they won't be brand new. But again we didn't mind. We put our towels (you get them from the Triology place by the beach free and clean each day) on the chairs and didn't mind at all. We were close to the laundry area which was extremely helpful and we didn't have to climb stairs because there isn't an elevator. I did talk to three different people who were in the same wing, in the ocean view or partial view rooms and they said their rooms were outdated but they were very happy with them. So that is good news. And the air conditioner worked with a great ceiling fan. Okay more good news for people who demand to stay in the Maui or Lanai Wings. I saw those rooms VERY nice. Nicer new furniture. Big bathroom with tub and shower. The beds are King or Queen. Soft comfortable beds. Everyone seemed to love their rooms. The Kauai Wing is a heck of a lot better than the Molokai Wing but not as new as the other Maui or Lanai wings but still more recently remodeled. We borrowed the hospitality suite before we left on our last day and we were in the Kauai Wing room #159. The room was 100 times better than the Molokai room. Queen soft comfortable beds. No ceiling fan though and the air conditioner switch didn't work. Older furniture but at least there were SEVEN usable drawers with a little cabinet too. Also tub and shower in a huge bathroom. But try not to stay in that room because there was a lot of mold in the corners, etc. The food at the Terrace room was terribly overpriced for what they served. There are many places down the little path like the Hula Grill and many others that for the same price had a better atmosphere and better food. We didn't like the Mixed Plate either. It is okay if you are just too tired to find another place, but if you just take a short 2 min. drive heading north on Hwy 30 - take the Lower Honoapilani Road to the left and at the first right is the Honokowai Marketplace - go down the strip mall until you find Soup Nutz & Java Jazz toward the end (right acrossed from the Maui Dive Shop). This place is sooo good. Omlettes, pancakes, breakfast burritos, bagels, etc. $10.00 and under. Great for lunch and dinner too. In that same strip mall there is Subway, Gyros, Pizza, Mexican food, etc. Our very favorite place to eat though was the Lahaina Fish Company. They take reservations and you will get an ocean side table. Great food. We ate there twice and between the four of us we tried just about everything and it was excellent. Good kids menu. My most expensive dinner there was $23.00 (for me) and it was worth every bite. We liked the Hard Rock Cafe, especially if you are lucky enough to have Phred as our waiter. Yes that is Fred with a PHred. Very funny guy. Also loved Giovani's right at the front of the Kaanapali Parkway entrance on left. And had a wonderful breakfast right acrossed the street at the Mango Bar and Grill. The Tiki Grill at the hotel in the main area next to the pool was great for little lunch items. The Tiki Bar was packed all of the time. Everyone is so helpful and nice. Yes they did have a sweet little singing time every night and those of you who are picky will make fun. But it grows on you and I loved it by the end of our stay. Also on our last day we found this great Beach Market place at the Westin for those with a more expensive taste. They have Starbucks coffee (not a regular Starbucks) and tons of fruit, yogurt parfaits, etc. I wish we would have found that sooner. There is another Market like that on Lower Honoapilani Road right by Boss Frogs and they are a god send for natural foods, etc. For those of us who love Starbucks you will find one at the Lahaina Cannery Mall and one downtown Lahaina on Papalaua St. next to Foodland and McDonalds. Old Lahaina Market place. I am sure there are others but not at the Kaanapali Resorts. Stop at Costco which is right on your way out of Kahului. On Dairy Road (which turns into 380) on the left side of the road passed the fire department and just to the left of Home Depot is Wal-Mart. It is completely hidden from the road so you can't see it from the road. One more thing... We used Pride Charters to do to Molokini they were all about the money and not really into helping you at all. Would not recommend them. I chose them because they had the biggest boat. Unfortunately I still got sick. I would try Pacific Whale Foundation or for those who love smaller rides there are plenty of others. Ask Boss Frog's they are very helpful. On our trip to Molokini no one on our boat saw very many fish. You are way out in the middle of the channel so not really a reef place for fish. But even though I was sick I enjoyed the boat ride and it was pretty cool swimming around the crater. Then we went to "Turtle Town" which is basically anywhere they think there is turtles closer to Wailea. There were about four turtles and some were lucky enough to see them. You are out in a unprotected area so keep an eye on little ones. If you just have to go to Molokini you need to keep an open mind and not be obsessed with seeing fish or turtles, because frankly you might not see any and just enjoy the ride. My husband and 14 yr. old daughter had a great time with Maui Mountain Cruisers with Jim on biking down the crater, etc. Only use that outfit as you are extremely protected the whole time and Jim is a very experienced bike rider. They loved it. I have tons of more information and would love to help anyone with planning. Just email me. You will love MAUI.