Our family of four (two children, two adults) stayed at the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel from April 11th to April 18th, 2006. This hotel is definitely one of the most family-friendly hotels in all of Maui. I have never heard so many Alohas and Mahalos in any hotel on Maui except this one. It may not be a luxurious resort catering to the rich and famous, but they have all the amenities the vacationing tourist needs. We arrived very late (10:00pm) the first night after three long airplane rides. As we drove up, the valet walked to the rental car and opened the door. He said, Hello, we have been waiting for you. Now, I dont know if he said that to everyone, or even if he knew who we were, but it made us feel welcome. He also said, Go check in and go to your room, we will take care of your bags and the car. Wow! That was just what we needed as we were exhausted from traveling all day. The room was clean and spacious, with a small lanai. It overlooked the ocean and the hotel grounds. When we checked in, we were given an envelope that contained breakfast vouchers for every day of our stay at their Mixed Plate Restaurant. We were also invited to attend a Welcome Breakfast Buffet, which we did go to. This welcome breakfast featured live entertainment, along with a monologue given by one of most humorous hotel employees. This employee gave very amusing travel tips on what attractions to see (and what not to see) while in Maui. As we have small children, each child was issued a Passport by the hotel. The purpose of this passport was to have the child visit an area in the hotel and/or participate in one of the many free activities to get their passport stamped. As each area in the book was stamped, the children received a gift from the hotel such as a keychain, a back pack, a t-shirt, free French fries, a flower lei, etc. The pool at the hotel was not very large, but it was clean and unique. It was in the shape of a giant whale. The tail of the whale was the shallow end for the Keiki to play in. The grounds were large, grassy and had many fragrant plumeria trees to provide shade in the hot sun. There were an abundance of lawn chairs and one did not have to stake out a chair in the early hours of the morning  there were plenty to go around. The lawn featured a giant checkers game board with painted coconuts as markers. The walk to the beach was short, as was the walk from the room to the pool. This hotel had a small outdoor bar called the Tiki Bar. It served reasonably priced drinks. There was also an outdoor grill for ordering lunch and snacks. The prices and quality of food were good. Some of the menu items were cheeseburgers, onion rings, French fries, and the like. The hotel offers a free hula show each evening outdoors by the Tiki bar. Overall, the staff was friendly, the rooms were clean, the food was affordable, and there were not thousands of guests to arm wrestle with over the lawn chairs.