This was our third trip to Maui and all things considered was our best. We arrived late on 3/16 (after a 9 1/2 hour flight) to a room with 2 double beds. Through our travel agent we had requested, months beforehand, a king w/a daybed as our daughter was traveling with us. The front desk said they did not have any other rooms available as I was not willing to give up our ocean front view, but could possibly move us later in the week. When we woke up the next morning I decided we could live with the sleeping arrangements after I stepped onto our lanai. The view was fabulous! Yes, the rooms are standard hotel style and could use some updating, but I would stay there again. The grassy, spacious courtyard was great for sunning or relaxing under a plumeria tree. The beach directly in front of us was swimmer friendly (no volcanic rocks to stub toes on) and had free towels for use and cabanas for rent. The whole courtyard setup, including the interesting life size checker board, was great for my 10 year old daughter. She had a little freedom, but was still within my sight. We participated in several of the hotel's cultural classes which were all very interesting and free. My daughter participated in their Passport Program which is designed to teach the children some Hawaiian culture. She really enjoyed the program and came home with some 'cool' things. They have local artisans in several times a week for craft shows and we left a few dollars with those talented people. We did not try the Mixed Plate restaurant, but really enjoyed the Tiki Terrace for breakfast (which we had free vouchers for) and supper (one of our better meals while we were in Maui). We ate lunch at the Tiki Grill several times and tested out the Tiki Bar for research purposes only! All of these facilities are located at KBH. There is a paved walkway from KBH to the Whaler Shopping Village (a very short stroll) that linked us to shopping and dining experiences. It was a good setup for our family and we were in our room such a small amount of time that its size became a non-issue. I would highly recommend the KBH to people who are more interested in their experience in Maui than in the glitz and glamour of a high dollar resort.