I just returned from a week in Maui at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel, and I find these reviews very helpful so I thought I'd put in my own two cents. Of all the hotels on Kaanapli Beach (and we saw them all while walking along the beach), the Kaanalpi Beach Hotel is the over-all best value. The area: Kaanapali Beach is a beauitful stretch of sandy beach lined by resorts/hotels. It's definitely a resort area. In the center is a little shopping area called Whaler's village with everything from super high-end stores to little tourist shops. At one end of the beach is Black Rock, which is great for snorkeling. The hotel: Kaanapli Beach hotel is one or two hotels down from Whaler's village, and a very short walk from Black Rock. It's not a high-rise. In fact, unlike all of the other large hotels, you can hardly see it from the water---instead you see all of the lush gardens. It is right on the beach, and even though there are fewer rooms than some of the other hotels, it has one of the larger plots of land, a lot of which is taken up by the huge courtyard/pool/garden area. The pool is kind of small, a little cold, and nothing super fancy but very clean and nice. There is a great Tiki Bar in the courtyard with the best Mai Tai's I had in Maui, and they have a super-cute nightly hula show and live music. The whole hotel is just very laid-back. It's advertised as the most Hawaiian Hotel, which I thought was a little silly at first, but by the end of the week I totally agreed. Every single staff person I encountered was friendly and helpful. The rooms: The Maui and Lanai wings are updated so the rooms seem more modern and a lot nicer. Also, I highly recomend getting a first floor room in one of these wings (that's what we had) because they are bigger than the regular rooms. There is a little sitting area you step down into (this is the deck in the rooms above) and then you walk out onto a patio that is still bigger than the decks! So it's like getting 30% more space. The bathroom is basic but nice in these updated rooms, and you get the additional space of the seperate toilet/shower and vanity (unlike the older rooms). None of these are "ocean front" but even from our "partial ocean view" room, we could see and hear the ocean. The extras: You get welcome gifts upon arrival (a box of chocolates) and turn-down service every night (cookies and an orchid on your pillow)! There were also gifts and cards delivered before we left. It's really cute because they are the sort of extras I didn't expect at a less-expensive hotel. There is a hut on the beach where you can arrange lots of activities (although we didn't use it for this so I can say much about that) and you get free towels for the beach and pool---very convenient and again, something I didn't expect for the price. Hint: If you do a package with breakfast, you get coupons to use in the "Mixed Plate" resturant. It's not open air or ocean front, and the food isn't great---although the fruit is. Anyway, we found out on our last day, that you can use those coupons ($11.75 value) towards breakfast in the hotel terrace resturant, which is open-air in the courtyard and the food is MUCH better. That definitely makes the breakfasts more worthwhile. This hotel was a great value (it's not a luxury hotel but the price really is remarkable for the location and what you get), and made for a wonderful temporary home in Maui. It's a nice, clean, friendly, fun, hotel in the best location.