Yes, I also had many fears about staying at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel based on the reviews here and in other guide books - I really had no idea what to expect! My wife and I finally decided on the KBH for our June 2005 trip based upon price and beach location because we knew we were not going to be staying in our hotel room very much. Bottom line is that the hotel was great and would stay here again if we ever go back to Maui! I will sum up a few points here and if you are interested, you can read on for my other comments... PROS + Great service from hotel staff + Room had GREAT view, was VERY clean and NO BUGS (Room 584 - Kauai Wing - Ocean Front) + FANTASTIC Beach Location + 1-2 Minute Walk to Whaler's Village CONS - Parking was a little tight for a mid-size car - Sunday Champagne Brunch ($30 a piece is just too much!) - Bathrooms could use some renovating We arrived at the KBH and walked through the lobby pleasantly surprised. The lobby was clean and well decorated with items that gave the place a very Hawaiian feel. I made sure to look very carefully at the walls behind the front desk for the paint peeling off the walls that others have seen, but did not see anything of the sort. We were given room 584 in the Kauai Wing (we had ocean front rooms) that was non-smoking, but had 2 double beds. We had asked for a king size bed, but that ended up being fine with us since my wife and I are both on the slim side. Our room was great. It was very clean and had a great view of the beach and ocean. I looked all over the place for the bugs and roaches that others have seen, but did not see a single one. Because our room was a corner room, we also had a view of the courtyard from a smaller, second window that was in the room. The last item I wanted to comment on were the breakfasts. The Sunday Champagne Brunch can be skipped, unless you like eating seafood for breakfast. There was TONS of food there and they let the champagne flow freely, but at $30 each it was bit pricey for us. We ended up going to the Mixed Plate the following day and it was fine, not great... just fine.