We visited Maui for the first time this year and stayed at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel. We went on February 26, 2005 for a week. It was a birthday gift from my husband. He booked through Signature Vacations and the package came with flight, hotel, breakfast and transfers. When we arrived in Maui at 11pm, we thought there would have been someone from Signature to direct us to the transportation (or Transfer promised in our package) but there was no such person. We ended up taking a $US65 cab ride to the hotel. I guess we expected the same kind of treatment like when we went to Mexico last year where a tour rep met you and guided you to the ground transportation which took you to your hotel for free! So we got to the hotel and checked into a room in the older part of the hotel. We had requested a King non-smoking room but got 2 double beds. The front desk attendant said that we could check the next day to see if a King room became available. One did become available in the Maui wing and it was very nice. The weather in Maui was wonderful all week. Sunny and in the 80's everyday. One thing we didn't know was that if you wanted a cabana on the beach, it would cost you $US30 a day. So we did that for a couple of days as I couldn't lie directly in the sun so didn't have much choice. You do have to get there early though if you want one as they run out quickly. One of the neat things was the whales. You could actually see humpback whales spouting and beaching from the beach! We also drove the Road to Hana. Gotta get up early to beat the rush. We got on the road by 6am, stopped in at Charley's Restaurant in Paia which is at the start of the Hana Highway. Charley's is a great place for breakfast and apparently Willie Nelson hangs out there! I had a huge delicious macadamia nut pancake with coconut syrup. Delicious! My husband had a breakfast burritto which was huge and yummy. Charley's was featured on the Food Network Show "$40 a Day" so I had to try it out! It opens at 7am. The drive to Hana takes all day. We didn't get back to our hotel until after 5pm. Saw some amazing sights along the way like waterfalls, lush tropical forests, black sand beaches, etc. Very pretty, but the road is very curvey and dangerous so you have to be extra cautious. The locals take the curves fairly fast! And there are lots of one lane bridges. Maui is expensive so be prepared to open your wallet for lots of things. Even the drinks at our resort were $8 each so we stuck to Happy Hour at $5 each. It's different than a Mexican All Inclusive, but the difference is you can explore the island in a rental car and feel safe. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel and the staff and service were very good. It is the most Hawaiian hotel for sure.