I already did my research and knew what to expect before I got there. It is an older hotel, but the service from the staff was outstanding. The breakfast at the Mixed Plate was fine. It had a good mix from eggs to fish to breads and cereals. It was to appeal to a very diverse group of visitors. It was good, but the food could be hotter. The hostess was as nice as can be. Remembered us every morning. Our room was disappointing at first. I had expected a non-smoking room with a queen size bed. Instead it was smoking with two double beds. Because the room smelled clean and free of smoke, we decided not to complain and just keep the room. The small bed was cozy. Still would have like the queen, but we made do. Our housekeeper was Editha. She kept our room spotless and never bothered us. She was always pleasant in the halls, smiling and wishing us well. The day we left, we caught up with her and left her a tip and a Thank You for keeping our room so nice. Unfortunately, we tend to forget these people who clean up after us and they work so hard. It made us feel good seeing her smile and she was pleased that we recognized her hard work. I'm glad we didn't complain about the room, because although smoke seeped under the door from the hall a couple of times, we just opened the lanai and it was fine. I also discovered that the glass sliders when closed really blocked out the sound from the garden area. I heard some music at night from all the partiers at our hotel and beyond, but it was not enough to keep me awake. The staff was great. We loved the cook in the Tiki Restaurant who made the pancakes and omelets. What a comedian. The hula show had personable entertainers. Drinks in the garden area were very good. Valet parking was quick and efficient. Every morning, the groundskeepers worked hard raking leaves, trimming bushes and picking up after the party people from the night before. The garden was always perfectly manicured and lounge chairs back in their places before most people woke up. We strolled through the other hotels and yes they are more grand, but not worth the extra money to me. I would rather spend the money we save on dinner cruises and helicopter tours, etc. Probably the very best part of this is the location. The beach was perfect , black rock is a short stroll for snorkelers (I wish I could have done this, but was just getting over surgery), Whalers Village was a 5 minute walk with great shopping and dining. Rusty Harpoon was great. Just from standing on the beach we saw turtles and whales swimming. Would we come back??? YES. In a heartbeat. I look forward to returning someday.