My husband and I had the pleasure of spending a week at the KBH right before Thanksgiving. We chose to upgrade to an oceanfront room, and WOW, were we happy about that decision! The view from our room (#302 Molokai Bldg.) was AMAZING - day and night! There is nothing like waking up to the waves crashing on the beach and a view of Molokai and Lanai from your bed. I only wish we could have brought the view home with us. We did takea ton of pictures from the balcony, so I don't think we'll forget it anytime soon. The hotel is quite cute. You'll feel like you literally stepped into an episode of the Brady Bunch when you arrive in the lobby. Fancy it's not, but it does have a certain charm and we felt right at home once we checked into our room. No, the rooms aren't top of the line furnishings, but they do make you feel like you are in the islands, and after all, isn't that why you're here? Everyone from the check-in person to the maids were very nice, and they always greeted us with an "Aloha" when we passed by them. Oh, and you will LOVE the coconut macadamia nut cookies they leave on your pillow each night with turn down service! My husband and I are avid travelers, and we have stayed in many overly nice luxury hotels (in fact we came to Maui after spending 3 nights at the Hilton Waikaloa on the Big Island), but we both loved our stay at the KBH and we hope to go back someday and ask for the same room. You can't beat the location of this hotel, right on the best strand of Kaanapali Beach. Who needs a giant pool with superslides when you have the beautiful Maui ocean right there? Take advantage of Black Rock snorkeling and check out the restaurants at Whaler's Village (especially Hula Grill, our personal favorite). If you don't want to sit in a dark hotel restaurant over breakfast, take a walk along the beach to the Marriott at the other end of the beach walk. They have great options for breakfast and you'll get some exercise while you're at it. As one of the previous reviewers mentioned, the Kaanapali Beach Hotel is NOT the Ritz. Don't come here expecting ritzy rooms and people waiting on you hand and foot. But if you are looking for a beach escape to a beautiful location, think about choosing the KBH. Whatever you choose, have a wonderful vacation. It would be next to impossible to not have a good time in Maui....it's AMAZING!!!!!