We dont do this fruit stuff in Chicago! a woman with a stadium sized voice screeches from the lobby of Mauis Kaanapali Beach Hotel. Apparently the wedge of fresh pineapple in her drink is sending her midwestern palate into a state of shock. Welcome to paradiseno one ever said it was going to be a private paradise. On the contrary, every Tom, Dick, Ethel and Marge will be sharing this magical island with you, after all, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois arent exactly balmy come mid-February and you really cant beat those internet specials. The staff at Hawaiis most Hawaiian hoteldecked out in purple and green muumuus and kukui nut necklacesare beyond helpful, especially the bellman, though if you look closely you may detect a worn thin patience behind their silky smiles and helpful manners, a side-effect no doubt, of large guests with larger voices screeching about fruit garnishes. One gets the feeling that the Kaanapali Beach Hotel was once the height of American exotica with its Tiki gods and Lava Flows. Kind of like when the Brady Bunch went to Hawaii minus the ancient burial grounds. What was once modern though, is now a little tired, and like a crazy aunt who still wears false eyelashes and frosted eye shadow you have to either disassociate or join the club: the outdoor hula show starts at 7:00 Try not to be put off by the dropped-ceiling fluorescent lobby lights circa 74 or worse, the creepy oxygen-less hallways (also fluorescent lit) leading to your room. Dont mind the carpetingof which theres plentyor the ancient bedding: 100 percent synthetic. Resist the impulse to run for the hills, to the Sheraton, the Hyatt, or anything with a 300 thread count and a Frequent Stay Program. If you give it a chance and keep an open mind you will see that the magic of the Kaanapali Beach Hotel goes much deeper than its 1965 exterior. The best thing to do after you get over the fact that youre paying 250.00 for something that would be 59.99 back on the mainland is get out of your airplane clothes and into something more Mauiflip flops plus anything breezy will do. Next go and stand on your lanai (thats patio, Hawaiian style). Now breathe. Whens the last time that felt so good? Next float out of your room and down to what I believe to be the heart of the Kaanapali Beach Hotel: the outdoor Tiki Bar, where the aforementioned open air show is performed nightly by Rudy Aquino and his band La Hau Nui. Mr. Aquino used to play with Don Ho back in the day. Thats right, Tiny Bubbles Don Ho, you cant get much more authentic than that. His ukulele skills and vibe prowess will transform you to another time, and that Lava Flow youre downing doesnt hurt matters any. The show is honest and easy going  wait, isnt that how the Midwest is described?complete with one of Rudys daughters performing the hula. Keep an eye out for Smiles, the stone-faced bass player with shoulder length hair, brilliant. When you get back to your room hours later the fact that the sliding screen door falls off its track if you look at it sideways or that the shower sprays water everywhere but on your body wont bother you nearly as much as it did when you arrived. Sleep to the sounds of the crashing waves and awaken to a symphony of overly expressive birds the next morning. Pull back your industrial strength drapes and youll realize youre definitely not in Kansas (or Chicago as the case may be) anymore. One of the nice things about the grounds at KBH is the organic laid back feel they have, no topiaries or showy stone statues here, just a carpet of green, green grass, gorgeous flowering trees, seductive palms, and a fun oversized checkerboard complete with red and black painted coconuts for game pieces. On a friends recommendation my sweetheart and I purchased beach chairs at the Wal-Mart near the airport thereby avoiding the 30.00 dollar a day charge for a private cabanathough it has always been a dream of mine to have a cabana boy, better to save the dough for more useful things like umbrella drinks and pineapple shaped refrigerator magnets. Once ensconced in the sanddrop-dead gorgeous view of neighboring islands and allspend the day drifting in an out of consciousness while intermittently dipping yourself into the sparkling blue waters. You know those Salt Glow things you pay 70 bucks for back on the mainland? Its right here baby, and its free. If you get hungry doing nothing lazily make your way up to the Tiki grill next to the whale shaped pool and order a cardboard container of yummy fries or better still a hot dog (avoid the teriyaki chicken and beef skewers at all costs, incredibly salty with a highly questionable texture). Later in the afternoon, make like the other guests and move to one of the many free chairs on the lawn to read your copy of Micheners Hawaii or the latest issue of Oprah. Go back up to the room (which at this point is really growing on you) and nap for an hour or so then take a delicious shower around 4:00 or 5:00 and get yourself back down to the beach for the near religious experience of a West Maui Sunset. If youre traveling with a painter as I was, watch as the artist falls to pieces over the mind-blowing display of color: purples, indigos, pinks, oranges. It is, as they say, worth the price of admission. Theres so much to do on Maui its enough to give any travel bee a panic attack: how can you do it all in such a short time? Guess what, you cant, so kick back, pick a few things you really want to try and do those. Whether its a sunrise bike trip down Haleakala the dormant volcano (we opted out of this after we found out a van picked you up at 2:30 AM for this 8 hour trip) a whale watching tour or the drive on the infamous road to Hana. On our 8 day trip my guy and I drove to the hippie surfer town of Paia, watched windsurfers at Hookipa Beach, went to a hemp store in Haiku, went whale watching, snorkeled Black Rock, explored the rugged coast of North Maui, took in the Old Lahaina Luau (highly recommended) and went to a magic show for humiliation Rodney Dangerfield style (not recommended). All that and we still had time for hours of being and nothingness. We ate at a bunch of great places including Mamas Fish House which felt like being on the set of South Pacificgorgeousand bought raw Ahi Poke from the local grocery store, basically tuna sashimi in ponzu sauce, for a picnic dinner of our own next to the ocean: simple and perfect. The fact that Maui is literally crawling with honeymooners can make those of us living in sin feel a little left out never mind downright pressured. If the constant you two just married question starts to grate on you simply smile, nod and hoist your Lava flow to the heavens, best not to disappoint. Who knows, maybe hell get some ideasA pleasant side effect of all the just marrieds is that there is a considerable lack of creepy singles slithering about. The locals do of course have their own cruising behavior involving the universal slow driving, low slung cars and parading of low slung jeans but if youre a pasty mainlander you can consider yourself invisible. So if youre looking for pristine grounds and the perfect tea service try one of the five dollar sign behemoths such as the Four Seasons and the Fairmont. Everything will be freshly scrubbed and sterilized for your, um, pleasure. If, on the other hand you want to relax and work on that thing you use to have called fun, try paradise old school style: the Kaanapali Beach Hotel. Tom, Dick, Ethel and Marge will grow on you and your smile will grow with the passing days. Just dont be surprised if you come home with a muumuu collection, an ultra-bronzed tan and a penchant for extra long cigarettes.