I stayed in a single room at the Domina Home Ca'Zusto for one night. The room was lovely and the decor and design of the room was fun and colourful, a nice alternative to the more traditional Venetian decor found at other hotels in Venice. The room was not large, but had more storage than most other European hotels that I've stayed in. The TV in the room also had a good selection of English channels. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was that the rooms did not have Wifi, which was only available on the 1st floor of the hotel, where breakfast is served. I came into Venice by train and didn't have any problems finding the hotel. It is within walking distance from the train station, but the walk is feasible only if you do not have a lot of luggage (i.e. more than one suitcase per person), as you'll have to go up and down a few sets of stairs over the bridges. If you do walk from the train station, I would recommend that you print out the walking directions from Google maps ahead of time (from Santa Maria Novella Station to the hotel), as the highlighted path shown is very accurate and also shows names of restaurants and buildings that you should pass by on your way to the hotel, so you know you're on the right track (don't rely on street signs/names, as these are not always available). Once you're near the hotel, you'll see a sign on a building that says Campo Rielo and the entrance to the hotel is on the other side of this building. It is also very easy to walk to the Piazza San Marco from the hotel (20-25 minutes). I took the vaporetto the first day, but it isn't that much faster than walking. There are signs everywhere to provide directions either to the train and bus station (Ferrovia and Piazzala Roma) or Piazza San Marco and the Rialto Bridge, so it's very easy to find your way back to these landmarks. As my time was limited, I didn't have time to visit too many other areas, so I'm not sure how easy other areas would be to find in the absence of signs. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel and would return!