We stayed at the Maui El Dorado for three nights of our nine night Hawaii trip. This condo complex was in a great location and an excellent value. The remainder of our stay was at the Grand Wailea so we were not looking for an ultra luxury location while on Kaanapali. This was our first time to stay at a condo complex and were happy with our decision. The location was easily found by our GPS located in the heart of the Kaanapali Resort area, right near the beach. (There is a section of the golf course between the hotel and beach / cabana) The condo is adjacent to Black Rock and the Sheraton. Self parking is $7, which some people were not happy with but I was pleased that the complex does not have a resort fee, which seems to run rampant in Hawaii. We arrived very late due to flight delays and were greeted by the night security guard Randy was very welcoming and took us to our condo and even assisted with our heavy luggage. (Dive gear). There is a central parking garage that always had plenty of space. The condo we were in for the first night was well appointed but unfortunately the curtains were sheer and did not block out any light. (they should consider making this a standard requirement of all the units) If we wanted to rise early every day it would not have been a problem, but since we were on vacation we wanted to be able to sleep in a bit. We went down to the front desk and she kindly gave us the option of a few more units to check out. We selected J120 which was a direct view of the ocean over the golf course. Very well appointed and comfortable. They even took care of transferring out luggage while we were out. Check in was quick and easy and our luggage arrived in our room promptly. The front desk person even gave us a bottle of wine for our inconvenience. I think that this was great customer service. The units are not ultra plush, maybe a bit dated but spotlessly clean. The complex has at least two pools, nothing spectacular, but nice enough for a quick lounge when you do not want to head to the beach. The beach and private cabana as well as Black Rock (great snorkeling) are about a 7 minute walk from the complex and is a really nice perk. I think that the beach is nicer than that of the Sheraton. The cabana has a nice deck with loungers, towels, seat backs for the beach. Though there are not umbrellas available at the beach, there are many nice trees along the dune line if you are looking for shade. The cabana also has a full stove, refrigerator, and sink area. This is a great touch that allows you to bring your drinks, snacks, lunch, whatever while hanging out at the beach. (The cabana was being remodeled and should be complete by now) Though this condo complex lacks the Disney-esque pools of some of the mega resort hotels, we would come back here in a heart beat. It was very centrally located in the Kaanapali area. You could walk to the shops at Whalers village in about a 12 minute casual stroll and easy to find. (Though if you come back at night it can be hard to find the walkways across the golf course......make sure to pay attention when heading out for the night.) The complex has a small lobby with an activity booking agent and a convenience store. There is a nice casual service restaurant in a shopping center right across the street. The rooms had nicely appointed full kitchens, acceptable bathrooms, washer, dryer, King or Queen bed, Couch, dining table, and balcony with chairs. It seems most of the units had 27" CRT TV's....I am sure owners will gradually upgrade the TV's. The units have free internet, though it is hard wired and not wifi. (If we were staying for a full week we might consider bringing a cheap wireless router) Housekeeping provided refresh service each day and was very prompt to come to our unit the day that we called for service when we had not yet seen them. All of the staff we ran across during out stay was friendly and willing to help when asked for assistance. We stayed at the Sheraton next door last year and for about twice the price I think we would just come back to the El Dorado....we would rather spend the money on activities and found that the location of the El Dorado is excellent. Though the grounds at the Sheraton were more stellar we felt that the rooms at the El Dorado were just as nicely appointed and it was nice to have the kitchen and laundry facilities. We would definitely stay here again.