My father and I finally arrived at the Outrigger Maui Eldorado after the 10 PM front desk closing at the end of an exhausting all day journey from Washington DC. We recently lost Mom, and Dad wanted to go back one more time to where he had such good memories. In a previous Trip Advisor review, I recalled there was a room behind the reception desk that Regina had been placed in. When we opened the door to the unit, I immediately knew it was the same tired room that was in great need of renovation. Not only was I frustrated at the resort for placing us there, I was also angry for using Expedia.com. Something I learned about Expedia and most likely all the other travel.com sites is that they often end up booking unsuspecting vacationers in the worst rooms at the facility. When hotels and resorts dont want to book them, they offer them to the travel.com sites. When Expedia originally booked us in a king room, I called the Eldorado to tell them I had requested a room with two beds. After connecting me with the person who handles discount bookings, I knew this was not going to be easy. They said I would have to contact Expedia again to make the change. After talking to numerous customer reps., I demanded to speak with a supervisor. Very frustrating but they finally were able to switch us to a two bed unit, of course at an additional cost. The morning after we arrived, I went to the front desk and spoke with Maryann Valois. I explained that I had read about this room and told her how much I wanted everything to just go right for the three nights we were to be on Maui as this was Dads last trip. She fully understood my frustration. She asked us to return at noon and that she would have our bags moved to another room. We arrived back to room103 in building F. What a wonderful surprise to find such a nice, spacious and colorfully renovated unit. Maryann had come through for us and many thanks to her for the extra effort to make our trip a memorable experience. To top it off, when we returned to the room for our last evening, Maryann had placed a large going away package on the kitchen counter for us. It really left a great lasting impression on both Dad and I. When I return with my family, well be asking for Maryann. Also, managing a high-rise condominium in the city, I frequently find myself describing to residents the terrific accommodations and how Maryann saved our trip. Already have people asking for my brochures. Side note: Next trip, we will stay on Maui the entire trip rather then stay some on Maui and some on Oahu. If youre older, Maui is much more of what youre looking for when you visit Hawaii. Now, if they would just play more Hawaiian music. I would also like to thank Trip Advisor and the throngs of visitors who take the time to review and make honest comments about their experiences. So much great information was available. Dont ever leave home without visiting the site.