We are Wyndham owners and because we own in Hawaii, we are eligable to use our points with Outrigger. We have never stayed in any of the Outrigger "condo-hotels" but the overall experience was not bad. As timeshare owners, we are use to this type of accomodations. So let me give you my/our overall impression... Location is very good. You are not on the beach, but if you are fortunate enough to get a unit along the golf course, then I think you have a bonus view. Some of these also will have a partial ocean view. We stayed in the J building, unit 105. We had a great view of the golf course which both my wife and I enjoyed. Each morning we would cook our breakfast (kitchen description to follow), have some good hawaiian coffee, and watch the golfers. All we had to do to look for the ocean was take about 5 steps out of our unit and there was a partial view. The units here are individually owned. Outrigger is the property manager. So there is not a lot of uniformity between the units. Some are more updated than others. Our unit was a 1 bedroom unit but it had 2 double beds in it. There is also a pull out sleeper sofa, that we did not use. The kitchen was fairly well stocked. Pots, pans, toaster,a rice cooker (which we used almost every day), and of course a stove, cooktop, microwave, refrigerator, and dishwasher. There were plenty of glasses, plates.... Just like being home! The furnishings in our unit were adequate. The TV's were not large or very modern. There was a DVD unit if you wanted to watch movies. A decent cable TV selection but not the premium movie stations. The sofa in the living room was... OK... but not great. Since it was a sleeper sofa, I think it can't be real comfortable. The bathroom was pretty spacious. Your regular run of the mill shower/tub, and a toilet in one part of the bathroom and outside of that was a double sink. Plenty of closet space and one of the best perks... a small washer and dryer! They gave us 2 loads of laundry soap which we used. Knowing we had this let us pack very little (no checked baggage) and hence we didn't have to wait at baggage claim to start or finish our vacation! The staff was pretty good. We did have one problem with our TV's and it wasn't until the 2nd request that anything got done, but they did take care of it all in one day. The units also have cable internet access. There is a modem and ethernet cord for those who bring a computer. No WIFI in the units but there is WIFI in the lobby. The pools are a bit disappointing. There are 3 of them situated around the complex. No hot tubs!! That was extremely disappointing. There are also a few bar-b-que grills around the complex. Wish they had more and had them spread around. They do provide both bath and pool/beach towels in the room. But we like to go to Hawaii for the ocean! The bonus to this property is the beach cabana that is a short walk or golf cart ride away. The cabana has lounge chairs, tables and chair under a roof, and they will provide chair backs for the sand (along with towels). The cabana also has a refrigerator and a microwave so you can pack up lunch, pupu's (appetizers), or what ever you want. There were severeral of us who would put a 6 pack of beer to enjoy. Then you can get up, get something to eat or drink, and go back to swimming, sunning, or whatever you were doing. There is also an outdoor shower and bathrooms there. The one thing I wish they would add.... how about some boogie boards or toys for kids to use. We happened to be given a boogie board by people who were leaving and then we did the same when we left. I'm sure the Outrigger can stock their cabana with items left by visitors. Then they could make them available to those who want them. We were quite happy staying here. They do charge $7 a day to park. That is another charge that I don't understand. The garage is not monitered by an attendant, nor is there any gate. The hotel is situated so that not many outsiders would park here (except maybe during the golf tournaments). So why not eliminate that charge! We did like our unit and I would recommend trying to get a golf course facing unit. Building J and several others face the golf course... ask for one of those units if you can. Lastly... why is this hotel listed under Lahaina? The hotel is in Kaanapali. One of the greatest beaches in the world!! Lahaina is just a 5-10 minute drive away. You can walk to Whaler's Village from here or there are some shops along the highway just prior to turning into the El Dorado. Have a nice stay here. It is like being at home with all the ammenities, but look out the window and realize you are in Maui... one of the greatest islands in the world!!