My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger Maui Eldorado for 12 wonderful days. Last year we got a deal at the Sheraton, but there were no deals this year so we booked the Eldorado. We were familiar with the property because we jogged past it many times the previous year and always thought it appeared to be very attractive and well-maintained. The people at the desk, especially the concierge, were very courteous and always helpful. We were in room K211, which is listed as a partial ocean view, but this unit really has a full ocean view. We watched whales every morning and every evening on our huge lanai. Although our room had very dated decor, it was spacious and the washer/dryer came in very handy. Our room was very quiet. We slept great. The beach cabana with towel and beach chair service were very nice. They also have ice water. We snorkeled almost every day either on the Eldorado side or the Sheraton side of Black Rock, depending on which side had calmer clearer water. We swam with sea turtles more than once. We also took the Teralani whale watching tour, which leaves from Kaanapali beach. The Eldorado concierge booked it for us. Fabulous! I recommend happy hour at the Sheraton (3-4pm) Black Rock bar and also the torch lighting ceremony at the Sheraton at around 6:30pm which ends with the torch lighter swan diving off of Black Rock. Whalers Village has many nice shops and is an easy walk from the Eldorado. We only sat by the pool once. It is extremely warm and comfortable, but the surroundings are not that appealing (the big pool). The Sheraton has yoga and pilates at 8:30 am most mornings. $10 (must have cash-you are paying the instructor) and you do not have to be staying at the hotel. We did very little cooking in our nicely equipped kitchen. We ate many times at CJ's deli (mostly carry out-we either ate on our lanai or in our room-our room had a dvd player so we watched some of our own movies). We ate at the Hula Grill on my husband's birthday and they gave us free cak-the music, atmosphere and food are all good. The coffee shop at the Fairway Shops had good sandwiches. The only drawback with the Eldorado is the walk to the beach across the golf course, but that is a very minor drawback if you like to walk. We will most likely stay there again next year.