This has become our place to stay on the beautiful island of Maui. We've stayed here twice in the last two years. Our last stay was in OCT of '07, I've just been too lazy to write reviews. We've stayed in a 1 bed + loft, and a HUGE 2 bedroom (1700 sq ft). I'll write this review with a summary of both stays and try not to differentiate between the two. First, if you're looking to come to the island and swim in a gigantic beautiful pool, and be waited on while sipping $8 drinks, stop reading now, and move on. The Outrigger Eldorado is about location and value for my family. This is the best of both worlds. Like every other review states, it is walking distance to Whalers village and all of what Kaanapali beach has to offer. It is located directly behind the Maui Sheraton and wonderful Black Rock (which has some GREAT snorkeling, and torch lighting at sunset courtesy of the Sheraton). Most condos have a good view of the golf course and some units have a view of the ocean (although I wouldn't expect it). CONDO: +Big spacious, CLEAN, well maintained condos +Housekeeping is very good at this Outrigger (we've stayed at others that weren't nearly as good) they are happy to leave extra laundry detergent, towels ect. Just leave a quick note and a small token of your appreciation. +Kitchens are FULLY stocked (cookware, etc) with everything you will need for cooking +Large Lanai's +BBQ's are clean, and in good working order +Cabana's on their quiet beach which have refigerators, tables, shade, lounge chairs, etc. +Towel/chair checkout service at the cabana -Parking, not the best, and an extra charge. -Pool areas are bland, especially the large pool (but really who cares, the beach is so close) -Not enough BBQ's Lahina is close, and offers a little more "affordable" shopping and dining along with a plethora of touristy stuff to do. If you want the resort experience and have the money for eating out every meal then stay at a resort. If you want to come to Maui and have a great vacation with the convinence of cooking some meals at home and stocking up your fridge with ice cold beer and not having to pay $6 a beer, then stay here. Happy vacationing!