We just got back from 5 days in Maui at the Outrigger El Dorado- 02/02/07-02/07/07. It was 3 adults- and we booked a 1 bedroom garden view condo- well, as I read on this site before we went, all the condos are individually owned, and therefore are all a little different. The first one they put us in was pretty bad, the decor was tired and dirty, but the biggest surpise was that while they called it a "1 bedroom condo" - it was really more of large room with a partial length wall between the beds and living room area, but no real separation or privacy of the sleeping and living/cooking area. I consider that a studio, and I did see several of these condos. Not what I had in mind at all when booking a "1 bedroom condo" for 1 couple and one single adult traveler!! After looking at 4 available rooms, we ended up in a great 1 bedroom partial ocean view condo in with a fully separate bedroom with 2 queen beds, a fold out couch in the living room, and 2 full bathrooms which was a real bonus. Kitchen was small but clean and up to date, and this room was just behind the lobby area so great for parking up front. We were in K204, great ocean view, nice big balcony- and we also saw and liked K104 which had the same layout. This hotel has a great beach which was never crowded, is a 5 min walk to the shops and restaurants in Whalers Village. Main pool was also quiet and had nice BBQ's there as well. If you are shopping for food, I thought the "STAR MARKET" just up the road towards Kapalua about 5 min was much better quality and stocked than the Safeway down the road to Lahaina. We got the best fresh local mahi mahi there and that on the BBQ as you watch the sunset from your balcony is pretty great! We ate out at SANSEI in Kapalua for sushi and it was quite good. This is a great condo style set up for familys or couples, and its so nice to be away from the crowds at all the hotels and condos along the beach by whalers village which gets pretty packed, and that is not my idea of relaxing! One last thing, if you are heading over soon, do find a whale watching trip, we did and it was a great experience! I will go back to this hotel for sure!