My husband, 3 step-children (8, 10 ,12), and my husband's best-friend and his family (wife and 2 kids, ages 3 1/2 and 5/1/2 yrs) stayed at the Outrigger Maui Eldorado in Kaanapali Maui, 2 bdrm. I made the reservations and did A LOT of research, but I was still nervous. My husband's best friend stays at some of the nicest hotels but we (my husband and I) were travelling on a budget. We arrived at the hotel around midnight to find the front desk closed, but there was a phone for after hours check-in. I was getting really nervous. Someone showed up with in a few minutes and advised us where our building and room was (which happened to be D208, right across the way). He gave us a key card and we went to check it out.... WHAT A RELIEF ! I was very pleasantly surprised to find that it was clean and neat and VERY spacious. Because it was nighttime and I couldn't see the view, I was a little worried that I had paid for a partial ocean front view, but didn't get it. AGAIN, to my surprise we had a beautiful ocean view! We were on the second floor and had large lanais with chairs and tables. It was great. The larger bedroom was very big and the other bedroom was still a good size. I was very impressed with the location, size and cleanliness. We had maid service everyday. They were very friendly. The condos do not have their own jacuzzis, but they do have 3 pools, the 2 that I saw were nice, but we never actually used them... We were in a GREAT location with great beaches, so we never had the time! We never missed the lack of room service (which is usually overpriced). We had a good sized kitchen with plenty of utensils and cookware. It was perfect. I will say this though, our building was located the closest to Highway 30 off Kekaa Dr. and I am telling you, come 6am (Hawaii time) you could really HEAR the traffic from the smaller bedroom. Unfortunately the smaller bedroom has a small louvered window which allowed A LOT of noise in during the early morning hours. But we stuffed a couple of pillows up there and made do since everything else was so great... and since we are from California it felt more like 8am or 9am our time. We liked getting a jumpstart on the day anyway! It was also an extremely great location... 5 minute walk on the golf course to the best beaches ever!! Go to Black Rock by walking through the Sheraton. It is a lot of fun with great snorkeling! Some hints on restaurants... ALOHA mixed plate (lunch) on Front St. behind the Longs Drugs is amazing!!! Cheeseburgers in Paradise was a lot of fun, a great location and the Coconut Shrimp was great (better than the burgers!). Sansei Sushi restaurant in Kahana was REALLY good and a great price, especially if you order before 6pm (25% off!!!!) Hope this helps and ALOHA!