HAving read various reviews we had set the bar high. Overall, the hotel passed the test. On the positive side: Very spacious rooms, with all the amenities that give a touch of luxury, with flat screen, satellite tv's and wooden floors, really nice bathrooms, which add to the upscale feeling. Very clean property, the best location possible for people that want to go sightseeing, close to public transportation (which we found very convenient). The staff was really friendly, although most people do not understand or speak good English. Still that was not a problem, as there was another staff member that did. Price was really good, if you compare against likes. Nice touch: free use of really fast internet from a laptop next to the reception. I think there was free wifi in the rooms, too, but did not need it and am not sure. On the less positive side: this street can sometimes be very noisy. On Saturday evening between 9:30 and 11:30 there was a lot of noise coming from the street. We had our windows open but even when we closed them we could easily hear the noise. On the same evening, there was a 30min disturbence from the lobby of the hotel from people that had gathered there and were just speaking loud (no yelling), which for us being on the first floor could be heard as if the noise were coming just outside of our room door. This never happened again and may be it is not so often as the hotel is really small with only a handful of rooms. Speaking about size, the breakfast area was really small without this being necessarily a problem, but it is not suitable for people that lfancy taking breakfast in 1-1/2 hrs in order to relax. Last 2 things that I really found annoying: 1. The satellite english speaking channels (and at least half of the others) never worked while we were there. Despite the fact the staff tried to correct the problem (they changed sat receiver) the problem persisted. The excuse (and the message on ther screen) was there was no signal. At the same time, though, every morning at the break fast area BBC was playing spotlessly! When I asked, they told me it was a different satellite receiver from the one for the rooms! This till does not explain why there was no signal (as they claimed). 2. We asked the staff a few times about tips for eating out. Their only recommendations were those for which they apprently receive retrocessions - they would routinely pull a brochure from the stand on the reception desk and insist that was a very good choice. When we asked for a recommendation in the surrounding area of Sultanahmet during the first day (as we were too tired to walk for long) their only tip was the restaurant Best Western Acropol just scross the street! Mind you, there are probably 25-30 restaurants we counted during our stay in a radius of just 200-300 m away and at least 5 up to 50 (yes, fifty) meters from our hotel. Overall: Do go to this hotel, it is really a nice property especially for those that dislike the big properties. Just keep in mind to check about sat tv and don't ask the hotel staff for dining tips, who otherwise (don't get me wrong) were really polite.