It depends on what you expect from 3 star hotel  and it also depends on which room you get  see below! If travel on low budget or want to get average service  can be positively surprised, if compare to 3 star experience somewhere else - can be slightly disappointed We stayed in May 2011. POSITIVE:  Price  Cleanness  Rooms equipment  Reservations + payment, 24 hours reception NEGATIVE:  Breakfasts (including staff)  Some rooms may be noisy  Different experience in the same rooms PRICE:  Quite advantageous to accommodation possibilities in Rome  It varies significantly depends on the advance reservation + season (for double room from 45 to 100 EUR). We paid 60 EUR for double room in May 2011 (reservation made 2 months in advance)  Breakfast included (see notes below!)  Positive - price for our 4 days stay was fixed since the time of our reservation even it has increased on the hotel web in the meantime ROOMS - EQUIPMENT:  Different experience - depending on the room position  see later !!  Has private bathroom  with sink, hairdryer, bidet and shower (the entrance to shower box is very, very narrow - some no-slim person may have problems to get in, really !)  Queen Size Bed = two beds put together  Air condition (worked well in May  23C outside)  Safe, TV /all included/, telephone  Wardrobe, bedside tables /at least in double rooms/, table, chair  In room 125 there were also: fridge for free, quite enough space (dont know whether it is in other rooms) - Rooms cleaning - every day (including new towels), hotel & rooms are clean - There are NO tea kettle facilities in rooms ROOMS - IMPORTANT NOTES:  (Except for rooms 125 + 127): Rooms entrance door are made of glass in its upper half (glass is covered by sunblind). There is also the only very small window, so the rooms may be dark in daylight.  Some rooms can be noisy as someone complained in review below. The higher is the room number, the more noisy it is (rush street at one hotels edge, quiet place at the opposite one).  In accordance with both ours and someones below experience the best rooms are No 125 or 127 (there are only 2 rooms on the first floor), the second ones in order are the rooms with the lowest numbers. HOTEL:  300 m from underground station Rebibbia, 200m from local bus terminal, close to Rome circular highway  Located in residential area  Hotel is clean  Wi-Fi + Internet (1 PC) at the reception area - for free HOTEL - FOOD:  Restaurant  only breakfast + dinner (7-11 PM)  nothing special (price comparable with other restaurants and average quality). Service may depend on the season  in May they didnt offer a lunch promoted at their web site.  Breakfast (included in rooms price)  8-9:30 AM. ALWAYS THE SAME OFFER (only white bread, jam, butter + cake). Tea, coffee, milk, instant drink. No juice or another ingredients mentioned in below reviews (may also differ during the season?). After some days you may starve for the change! STAFF:  Quite pleasant, trying to be helpful, English speaking mostly  Only one Italian speaking lady very unpleasant and absolutelly not customer-oriented specially during the breakfast time ! PAYMENT:  Reservation: online, by phone, mail. We used email [info@hotelmetroroma.com] to our satisfaction. The best way for us seemed to pay directly to the hotel (some servers offered almost double price for the room at the same time)  Advance deposit: 1 nights price (non-refundable)  money transfer to Italy (within Europe) took more than a week!  Payment at the hotel  upon the ARRIVAL. Possible by credit card (we were not inform about that so paid cash)  City tax  2 EUR per night/person  paid only by cash HINTS:  There is the perfect map of Rome for free at the hotels reception ! Take it  very helpful!  By December 2012 theres no operation on the Romes underground line A (this is not that one close to the hotel!)  it operates only by 9PM (except Saturdays). The line B (towards to hotel) operates by 11:30PM (until 0:30am on Saturdays)  Buy ROMA PASS (25 EUR)  it includes 3 days free public transportation including some trains (ones to airport NOT included) + 2 free visits into some museums or sightseeings. Main advantage we discovered  you do not need to stay one hour in the line to Colosseum and can get in immediately ! (http://www.romapass.it)