Sasta aur sundar..thts d word fr dis hotel .I was travelling with my family frm to US and took a 3 day stopover in Dubai.We booked the hotel package frm www.antilogvacations.com which gave us a nice 3 day/2 night package here On our arrival, we were given the option to upgrade to a family suite for an extra AED 250, an offer we took. Booking thru a reliable agent fr dubai is essential for cheap rates & good services.we r thankful that we got both Thereafter the cooperative staff helped us check in easily and we were glad to see the suite. The suite was quite large, around 25 by 25 sq. Ft. The rooms had two big king size beds and were clean and comfortable. The mattresses were quite new and the hotel on the whole also gave a novel appearance with all the modern and innovative furnishings. The sofa chairs though were an anomaly and had coffee stains on it, something which strikingly stood out from the otherwise clean ambience. The bathrooms were nicely decked up with a Jacuzzi and a shower cubicle. There was a wide array of different types of shampoos and conditioners, which my wife enjoyed. However again surprisingly they had only one set of bathrobe and a bathroom slipper in each room. There was a mini bar fridge which was also well equipped with complimentary water bottles. We got free coupons frm operator for the breakfast and snacks, the array of which was quite lip smacking. Snack choices included fruit and nut cake slices, brownies, umpteen kinds of sandwiches and a host of Arabic snacks. There was unlimited tea, coffee and juice on the house as well. The breakfast too had a similar choice menu. Next day we visited the city tour & dhow cruise with barbeque dinner.It was a pleasant experience exploring Dubai in quick time. The Deira Centre Metro Station is located quite close to the hotel and we used it to check out some places in the short time we had. However cabs are also readily available and at the time of our departure the butler hailed one down quite quickly. Hence, an enjoyable stay and a place worth recommending.