We made on-line reservations for Hotel Sonya. We stayed for 13 nights. When we arrived to check-in, they escorted us across the street to Hotel Opera, which apparently is owned and operated by the same people. The switch was fine for us and not unexpected, because we had read about it in other reviews. Once you have made reservations, any email question that you send to them is answered quickly. I found it quite amazing. So, here are my observations. Please recognize that I am an American and have done extensive business travel (in the USA mostly) and am used to pretty nice hotels of a 3-star and 4-star level. So be sure to bear that in mind as I give my opinions. Do NOT expect your room to be the equivalent of a Marriott hotel room. If that is what you expect, then expect to pay much more elsewhere. 1. The room was neat, clean, and adequate. It was everything we expected, based on other reviews. It was small, did not have an 'easy chair' or a small table for eating in the room. Again, it was too small to accommodate those amenities and we did not expect it. It had a closet for hanging clothes, plenty of drawers, and a large safe to lock up valuables and laptops. 2. The bathroom was very nice. The towels hung on a heated rack, which was nice because we were in Rome for the first snowfall in 26 years. The shower was all-glass and very clean and suitable. My only complaint is that there were no washcloths. We made do without washcloths. Maybe if we had asked for them we'd have gotten some. (I don't like to act like an American tourist and be too demanding. I want to respect the culture of the host country) 3. The internet was free and adequate. I did not like to get a new userid and password every day, but again, there may be a very good reason for it. 4. The breakfast experience for us was a highlight of the day. The very friendly attendant made us coffee any way we pleased. For us it was cappuccino for my wife and caffe Americano for me. You couldn't buy better coffee anywhere. Plus the attendant remembered our coffee preferences each day.....made us feel quite welcomed. The tables were covered with linen tablecloths. We ate off china, nothing cheap and disposable. The room was very nice and inviting. There were cold cuts and cheese, coffee cakes, cereals, and the most delicious bread-rolls. We ate the bread-rolls every day. There were no hot scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, etc. Again, we appreciate the culture and enjoyed what was presented. Be sure to try the bread-rolls. They look like a rosette and are crusty. We pulled them apart and ate them with butter and jam..... excellent. 5. The staff. What can I say? They were friendly, spoke English, and always immediately took care of any request (such as a burned out light, extra plastic cups, tv instructions, etc). They were also very likable and seemed eager to be of service. I wish we had used them a little more.....some of the Rome attractions were closed because of weather and the staff would have checked for us and saved us a trip. They also immediately knew the appropriate bus line to take to any attraction. They also suggested an alternative to taking the Leonardo deVinci Express Train back to the airport, saving us 16 euros. We also asked them for restaurant recommendations and were pleased with the result. So my hearty endorsement of the hotel staff. They couldn't have been better. 5. Rome is a very noisy, busy city. Some of the guests were occasionally noisy in the hallways during sleeping hours. Our room was not quiet. There was street noise. Sirens, and early morning trash pickup were clearly audible in our room. If you expect a sound-proof room you will be disappointed. 6. Hotel location was tremendous. Close to Roma Termini station and close to Via Nazionale, a main street.. Close to attractions. We took the Metro train to Saint Peter's, but walked to everything else. 7. We would definitely stay there again.