My husband and I had a nice stay at the Hotel Opera Roma. We were originally supposed to stay at its sister hotel Hotel Sonya, but they directed us here. We weren't sure what to think first, but Hotel Opera Roma was just 1/2 block down opposite (manager nicely walked us over), and it turned out to be a pleasant stay, overall. The general location is a little hard to find the first time--really pay attention to the directions on the website, and bring with you a detailed map. After a day or two, we didn't have any problems, but I wouldn't criticize anyone that decided to take a quick taxi ride (e.g. from the train station) to locate it the first time (Rome streets are so confusing!). The rooms are newer and more modernized. The staff was really nice and the manager went our of her way to help us print out museum tickets that we were having problems with. They honored coupons that we had printed from the Hotel Sonya website. We got two free tickets to one of the Hop-On, Hop-Off buses in Rome, which totally saved our feet the last day touring around Rome. We also paid in cash to get a discount. As Americans, this seemed odd, but apparently this wasn't out of the norm in Rome. They did take a credit card number when we checked-in, just in case. The hotel pricing was competitive with other hotels in the area, and for what we got, we think Hotel Opera Roma was a really good value. PLUSES: relatively large, modernized rooms and bathrooms; location is walking distance to Termini Train Station; free Wi-Fi and 2 computers downstairs in the lobby; mini laptop and memory card adapter available to borrow; satellite TV in multiple languages; friendly and helpful staff; available breakfast buffet, with fresh-squeezed juice and good coffee; has an elevator (but it's small and comes to a heart-jerking stop); very clean. MINUSES: location hard to find the first time, our room had a window but lighting was dim; bed was a little hard (but this seemed to be the norm around Europe); weird placement of fixtures in the bathroom, the toilet was only inches to the front of the sink.