Just got back from a 6 day stay for a professional conference. At the last minute my daughter (age 20) decided to tag along with my colleague and I. She called Montreal "the result when Europe and New York City decide to have a child". I think that means that she likes the place. First impressions were a bit iffy. A few intoxicated (seemingly homeless) people were leaned up against the side of the building with their hats open for our donation. Eek, what had we done? Once we crossed the threshold and climbed 30 stairs to the reception area, we knew we were in good hands. We received a friendly greeting and were offered assistance with our bags (which is no small thing given the vertical challenges here). Although we were offered a room at the level of the reception area, we decided to brave an additional hike of 21 stairs to room 8. It faces the rear of the building and is very quiet. Rooms (in this case a 1 BR suite) are updated and ours was very comfortable and quiet. We could see the conference hotel from our "balcony" (a fire escape, outfitted with one chair and some blooming geraniums) and as time passed, we became more and more happy to be staying so near but so off the beaten path. In the light of day, the homeless folk had departed (convenience store with beer for sale is apparently a great attraction) and the neighborhood character was more fully revealed (area is pulsating with university students, given the location close to McGill). We loved the extended hours supermarket next door (great for stocking up on water and breakfast fixings), the easy walk (10 min) to the Hyatt conference center, and reasonable walk (within 30 minutes) to many great areas with fabulous restaurants (such as L'Academie where you can bring your own wine). Even a simple bistro on Sherbrooke and Parc, steps from the hotel (with cardboard cutout of ice cream cone dangling in the window) offered outstanding pizza at a bargain price. Staff couldn't have been nicer. My colleagues had family members visit for a few hours and a staff member hopped into the family's car to escort them to the free parking (access is a bit tricky with all of the one way streets in the area). Whenever we asked for anything (such as extra towels or a taxi) we were quickly accommodated. Chain hotels are a dime a dozen but a stay in a place like this is memorable. Why think twice? I miss it already. It became our home away from home in our week in Montreal, a wonderful city to visit.