Great, affordable style at the Storrier We stayed at the Storrier on Nov 22-23, 2008. We booked directly with the hotel for a petite studio for 140 AUS/ 98 US per night, and were very happy with our decision. We took the Skybus from the airport, which was great because it dropped us right in front of the hotel, but the place is really close to the King's Cross subway station but a little tricky to find, especially if you are jetlagged! The room was tiny but well appointed and pristine. Although it was so small, it felt luxurious anyway because they really got it right with the details. The bed was comfy and the bathroom very clean. There's a minibar plus a microwave and plates, glassses, and cutlery, and a small table, so if you want, you can dine in. I was pleasantly surprised with the kitchen stuff and the other amenities, which included Molton Brown bath products. There's also a large Storrier print (duh) on the wall and a matching wine bottle. The staff was friendly and helpful too ( especially one desk clerk who printed off directions for us). Points off for the shower (there's no door or separator, just a curtain so things get messy) and the bathroom is really really small. It can get pretty noisy at night and in the early morning, but it was charming to hear birds (as well as trucks) at 8 AM. Unfortunately, we didn't get to see the roofdeck because it was booked for a private function one night and it was rainy the next night. They have a restaurant, The Red Belly, but we ended up eating at a great casual Japanese restaurant across the street from King's Cross station. The location has its pros and cons - it's a young, cool neighborhood with loads of bars and restaurants and really lively on Saturday night (the hotel is right by a dance club). It's about 20 minutes' walking distance from the harbor, if you don't get lost, and right by the subway, which takes you everywhere. Problem is, the subway isn't as frequent as other big cities, so it can take up to 45 minutes to an hour to get to the Rocks or the Circular Quay if you are unlucky. We didn't mind it so much, but if you're keen in being close to the sights, the Storrier may not be for you. We were extremely satisfied with it, though - they used every inch of space wisely and include everything you need in the room. What else can you ask for?