This review is long overdue - my visit was in March 2011. The reason I decided to post was due to the recent reviews I was reading. The reviews regarding the rocks in the ocean are correct however, as the hotel website explains they have watershoes avialibe. I opted to take a lovely 10 minuiut stroll in either direction along the beach with my fiance (we got enganged at Le Reve - more on this in a few) to a more suitable swimming area. If you would have done your research prior to booking you would have known this was a potential issue. Would I have prefered being able to swim right outside the hotel - yes but I was specifically looking for a boutique hotel so you take the good with the bad (not bad in my opinion). I initally booked the trip so my GF would think we are taking a quick trip to get out of the NYC winter - however the real reason was to propose to my GF. Prior to booking my trip I sent an e-mail to Le Reve asking if the proposal plans I had in mind would be suitable at their hotel, if they had any additional ideas or could assit in my proposal plan. I must have had a least 20 e-mails back-and-forth with the hotel - always with a warm greeting, quick reply and full of great ideas and feedback. I decided to opt for the romatic dinner on the beach which was AMAZING. My GF was blown away. At this point in our trip ALL the employees knew both of our names and room number. For example, after we got engaged and enjoyed our amazing dinner under the stars (with the rest of the guest in awe) we wen to the resturante area and had a bottle of champagine. We ordered a second bottle but decided to take a walk on the beach and I asked if the bottle could be brought to my room - and he said "yes sir i will bring it right away to room..." It was amazing - like the staff was reading my mind. The night we got enganged we went back to our room and the turndown service had an amazing display on our bed - full of roses and towels shaped live swans. Additionally, everynight there are treats (amzing chclcate and pastries) in your room with a wonderful fortuen or words of insight (kind of like a forutne cookie but not corney - very heartfelt). We opted for the car service to and from the airport - both were on time and we were met with a super nice driver who spoke excellent english. The rooms are nice, no TV (but I like hotels with no TV and this is also noted on the hotel website). The hotel does have portable DVD players and being this was noted on the website I brought a few DVDs to watch in the event it rained. All in all it was a great trip, couldn't have been happier - job welldone Le Reve.