We arrived at Le Reve after a week touring around and living out of suitcases. We were unable to check in as the room was not ready. We were asked if we wanted to wait at the bar and have a welcome cold drink. So far not so bad, had a beer and some lunch, still no room. After three hours we were showed to room 201 which is at the far end of the upper hallway 'Horizon Suites' the room in itself was ok but the location was next to the water filtration plant, no attempt was made to disguise the plant which was very noisey and unattractive. Before we unpacked we complained as we really felt it was unacceptable. Apart from the location the room had so many things wrong with it we rapidly came to the conclusion the room was not in regular use. The duty manager would not admit this, we were offered an upgrade to a bungalow for one night for $100 which we declined, finally we agreed to stay in the room for one night and be moved the following day. The second room 207, was identical to the first but away from the ugly water filtration plant. When we eventually met the manager Gregor he admitted that they only used the room if the hotel was completely full, we were offered a free meal as compensation and also the New Year party which we had been told was included due to an admin error. After the initial teething problems we were quite happy at the hotel, but heard many stories from other guests about being locked out of rooms due to the keys failing etc (a problem experienced by ourselves in the first room, we had to get let in by the duty manager every time we left the room as the key machine had broken down). The best asset this hotel has are it's staff, the restaurant and bar staff were always pleasant and efficient. The food was of a very high standard, delicious and beautifully presented. Nothing more to add to what everyone has said about the road and beach, in my comment form I suggested it might be an idea to build a jetty out over the rocks to allow the guests to get into the sea without fear of injury.