My wife and I booked 6 days at Le Reve. We got in just before a wedding party bought out the hotel (more on that later). We stayed in a garden room which is one of their smaller rooms but we never felt cramped. The one thing I wished we had was a chair. The only thing to sit on besides the bed was a bench at the end of the bed and the lounge chairs outside. However, if this was important enough to me to request I'm positive they would have accommodated me. When we turned off the highway we noticed the road deteriorated. There is about 5 minutes of bumpy dirt road that makes you think, "What did I get myself into?" When you reach the hotel all of our doubts evaporated. We were greeted in the open air lobby and while we were checking in we were served fresh juice. The service was excellent. The price of the food in about the same in town if you go to any of the nicer eating establishments. The quality of the food was ALWAYS good. I thought the cost of the water was a little steep but if you consider that everything needs to be hauled into the Cancun area this is understandable. On the third day my wife and I figured out that it was going to get expensive buy lunch and dinner everyday so we went into town and took a trip to the grocery store. We bough some lunch items to keep in our room so we could eat a mid-day snack and save about $30 a day on food. Remember pick up Ziplock bags and containers and clean up after yourself if you eat in the room. This is a tropical environment, people, and there ARE going to be bugs! We had some leftover bananas at the end of our stay and we took them to be bar and they made a wonderful rum drink for us. Since we supplied the fruit they only charged us for the booze (about half price)! On our last night we were the only couple left that was not part of a wedding party. Not wanting us to feel left out the staff set up a private table pool side and served us a special meal (Thank you Antonio). We did not want to go home from our stay. The hotel was so nice and the staff so warm it felt like leaving family behind. This place is definitely going to see us again! On a side note, my wife does an online cooking show. On our last day was asked if we could interview the head chef. He agreed to come out and do a demonstration on how to make ceviche which my vegetarian wife LOVED! Then they took us into the kitchen and allowed us to film how they make their lime soup (delicious by the way). Having seen behind the curtain I can say that their food prep areas are impeccably clean. Anyone we spoke to who got "sick" were positive that they picked it up in town. I'd like to thank the management and staff at Le Reve for taking such good care of us and giving us access that would normally be refused anywhere else.