This hotel is beautiful, very nice low-key style, we stayed in a beach front bungalow, and got to fall asleep every night listening to the sounds of the ocean. -- I think you'd be hard pressed to find another breach-front room for the same price in Playa. -- it is a good value. The hotel gets alot of notes right, and some not so right. For cleanliness I have to give them 5 stars (out of 5), our room was always spotless and I saw the staff working tirelessly every morning to make the hotel look perfect (and the did). The concierge was great, they were at our service and helped us plan outings, and took care of details for us, such as renting cars, returning cars, calling local business, etc. The places where the hotel falls short was in the restaurant service, we noticed that the consistency of the service was just not up to par with the type of resort that Le Reve is, for example, the staff sometimes forgets small details about the order you made, (ie: forgets the bread, or forgets napkins, or your plate might come with a slightly altered dish that you were expecting). These by themselves are not a big deal, but for me, they break the spell that a luxury resort is weaving, and then i had to worry about asking for napkins, or asking for bread, etc, etc. Not a deal breaker, but i noticed. -- by the same token, alot of the staff does work extra hard to be friendly. -- The restaurant menu did not change for our entire stay, we highly recomend their apetizers, they were incredible .. but their main dishes were just ok, nothing worth writing home about. We also did have a non-functioning AC unit in our room for 2 nights, but I can hardly blame the hotel for that, once we reported it and demanded that it be fixed, it was repaired and we had no more problems with it. One comment that I left for the management, was to introduce themselves to the guests, and make themselves available, so in case things are not going 100% smoothly, the guests feels welcome to bring it up and have it handled. -- I only met the general manager after being at the hotel 4 or 5 days, and then it was only by chance. The beds are incredible, and the beautiful animals crafted by the housekeeping staff are a great touch. If you are looking for a hotel with WiFi, then you probably want to stay in one of their suites or garden view rooms, the WiFi signal did not reach our breachfront bungalow (we had the furthest one from the main building on the property though)