My husband & I booked Le Reve over the 3 day Labor Day weekend. We also have a difference in opinion on Le Reve and maybe he'll post his side. Couples huh.................. We booked the most expensive room in the house which was an oceanfront casita with private pool. When they said ocean front it truly meant ocean front. The casita was less than 10 feet from the beach itself. Incredible. Here's the list of "a few more steps to excellence" - At the price point of the casita using other 4 to 5 stars hotels we stayed at as a basis: The airconditioner didn't work, we moved to a different casita but the air conditioning couldn't keep up. Since the casita has a thatched roof I assume it can't cool. Talked to another casita couple from the Midwest and they had the same issue. Le Reve has room service, neither casita had a room service menu I had to ask for the large bulky menus from the restaurant and keep them in the room. Turn down service 1 night of the 3, never emptied the trash never left clean towels. The bathroom as in water closet/toliet has no door. My pet peeve might not bother others. The bathroom counter had two sinks so there wasn't any space to put down a makeup bag or shaving kit. Bottom line - improve turn down, leave towels and room service menu, invest in a better split air conditioning unit and for those shy gals who like bathroom time to be me time, maybe a door in the commode area. Here's the 4 star part : Food -Breakfast as in a "full breakfast" is including in our rate. NICE loved it and they will serve that comp breakfast in your casita. Food overall was good, one night not so good and they comped it and the staff was sweet about the comp. Staff- They are 5 star perfect. The perfect combination of friendly without overly in your face friendly, professional, talkative, accomodating and concerned that you have a wonderful experience. I can't say enough great things about Le Reve's staff. Love Jacquline the manager and Freddy our waiter for both food & drinks. Spa- I didn't exactly see a spa room per say but my husband and I had an excellent massage. Le Reve has a 2 story open air tower above the pool area where our massage took place so we had a nice breeze and the ocean in our ears during service. My massage was swedish and I put the massage itself in my top 5 list. Beach/Pool Area/Bar - Again this hotel is on the beach, very very close to the shore. It doesn't get any better than that. Nice pool, wish there were steps to get into the pool for those of us older travelers, it's hard on the knees. There is a slope on one side to walk in though. Great cocktails served by great staff. Location - 50 minutes to Cancun Airport. 15 to 20 minutes to downdown Playa Del Carmen. On the same strip of beach as The Tides if you're familar with the area. Overall - Small boutique hotel, a lot of heart & charm. Would I return.........yes but not at the casita rate since it didn't deliver the goods at that price. This hotel is ideal for couples, honeymooners. Great to hold a wedding where you rent the entire hotel. Euro's would also love the rustic Yucatan feel to this place.