I stayed as a "solo traveller" @ Le Reve in early December. The place is secluded, but easy to reach (as in previous review, I used the Azul Fives road and it was quite easy, around 20 minutes to Playa and mostly bc. of traffic lights). The rooms were basic, but one can find design and classy touches all over the place. I spent half of my stay in a garden room (La Paz) and the other part in a horizon room (Playa Linda), I must confess that I loved the views in Playa Linda. The pool is beautiful and so is the beach kept by the hotel, the staff is wonderful, so considerate and always willing to accommodate your preferences; but without being overwhelming. It does feel like home, and you get relaxed the moment you sit down in the so-called lobby facing the sea. Now, some things needing improvement: food, and more than that the smell coming out from the kitchen which was the main reason for me to move up to the horizon rooms. I had asked for a room away from the kitchen and that was indeed the case; however, one could not avoid that strong smell from the kitchen, which was also a real put off for any other meal taken at the hotel. Breakfast (at least the one included in the price) was simply not good enough; the sweets were not fresh, nor was the butter, and if you are more a person who likes salty staff for breakfast, then you gotta go for the dishes in the menu at an extra cost, and then again, those were tiring....(I spent a week @ Le Reve). Warm water was also a problem in the upper floor, did not complain about it, so I am not sure whether this could have been fixed during my stay....Finally, the charging policy is also an issue for me...it is a matter of taste, but I do not feel at ease when the hotel is so eager to charge half of the price of the stay right after a reservation phone call and then the other half the same very night of my arrival. Then again, I could understand the reasons, but frankly, with so much taste paid into details, I think this could also be brought up to the refined standards of Le Reve. Leaving aside these minor critical comments, I would surely recommend this place @ Playacar.