Extremely beautiful setting. The grounds are immaculate, the design of the pool, restaurant and rooms is very chic. All the staff were very pleasant to us (Henry with his big smile especially). We stayed in a beach bungalow and the bed was very comfortable, with beautiful linens. The Ipod in the room was a nice touch. One other advisor pointed out the 'river rock' design in the floor, and I will say it was a little hard on my bare feet directly in front of the sink. It looks pretty but the river rock should be moved to between the sinks, IMHO. We had a beautiful view of the beach and the sun rise, while lying in bed. I would suggest incorporating screen doors onto the sliding doors, because there were times when the ocean breeze was lovely, and we would have preferred to keep our doors open, but without screen doors we would have let in mosquitoes. We heard no construction the 3 days/nights we were there. The beach is wide with very comfortable lounge chairs, covered with cushions and fresh towels daily. For people who enjoy the pool more than the beach, this is the place for you - the infinity pool is divine, and looks out towards the ocean. For people who want to spend a lot of time at the ocean's edge, and in the ocean directly in front of the hotel, you will need to take water shoes with you to get past the limestone/coral reef before you can get out to swimming depth. We were lucky enough to notice that after we had booked the room directly with the hotel, locogringo.com was offering the same room at a 15% discount. I asked Le Reve if they would extend the discount to our booking and they did without hesitation. We were aware from the web site that a 10% service charge would be added to our bill, so we only tipped above that if we felt the service warranted, which it always did. Food and drink is expensive, on par with prices one would pay in any big American city. The Naay restaurant is beautiful, the place settings are top notch. The food itself was very good, and presented nicely. Service was great. I particularly liked the Lime soup and had it twice. Evenings were very cool, and quite windy. There are no walls on the restaurant and the few wind guards did not keep the chill off me. Take a sweater and pants for those cool nights.