We stayed at Le Reve last week, we actually live in the area but decided to go over there to celebrate our annivrsary for at least one night, we had heard so many good things about this hotel so we decided to try it. Our stay was really good, above average but it wasn't excellent. It was complicated to find the hotel and there are plenty of signs indicating how to get to the hotel, not like one person said in a review that we read here. When we first arrived at the property the security guard approached us, we had our car and we immediately told him that we were coming to stay and I gave him my name ... he looked at his notepad and asked if we were going to see someone, we mentioned again that we were staying there, that we had a reservation, and he kept looking at his notepad and asked again if we had an appointment or something like that, please note that we were speaking in Spanish and he didn't understand, finally some other security guard came and asked us again the same thing, so we told him again the same thing and finally he called someone on his radio and they told him to let us in. It's not the typical front desk area with desks or counters or anything like that, they just have like a little living room and that's where you check in, really nice and quiet. Our room was ready when we arrived, which was around noon, so we went immediately to the room to get changed and go down to the beach. We had a garden view room, we had a really nice garden view and from our room we were able to see the ocean too. The rooms are small but beautiful, very simple and clean looking. There's no TV, so be prepared. We both think that an iPod dock (or at least cd player) would be good in the room, it's nice to be in a quiet hotel, but some music would be nice. The bathrooms are beautiful, the shower is nice too. We were unpacking and getting ready to head down to the beach when I hear someone talking right next to our door and all of a sudden I see someone opening our door and with two other people they were entering, when they noticed I was standing right in front of them and I was like "hola!" the lady apologized and walked out ... didn't really bother us, however I did call the concierge immediately to let her know that someone from her staff entered our room, it seemed like she was doing a tour of the property to other clients. The concierge apologized as well, but no big deal, we are no high maintenance, but I'm sure anyone else would have been super mad! The beach is very quiet, the water is nice, although it's a little rocky is you want to go into the ocean. We ordered something to drink, the waiter was quick and brought our drinks immediately, however, he didn't come back to check on us, so I had to go to the bar to ask for a drink, then the waiter showed up immediately and we actually ordered some food as well. The service was pretty quick. In overall it was fine, but we also think that the beach/pool area is too quiet, again, as I said it's nice to be in a quiet hotel, that's what we were looking for, but some nice, relaxing, lounge music wouldn't be bad, there was no music at all by the pool area, we are not the salsa type people, we just think that some chill out or lounge music would be fine in that area. We had dinner in the restaurant, the food was great! the stuffed jalapenos with goat cheese are awesome!!! The staff is really nice, the waiter (I don't remember his name) was very attentive and constantly checked on us without being annoying. There was only one more couple in the restaurant, so it was nice. The beds are sooo comfy, we loved them! we both slept so well. The next morning we ordered room service, they were pretty quick. The continental breakfast is included, but my boyfriend also ordered scrambled eggs, they were good, but I think overpriced, honestly, for what they are, we just thought it was a bit expensive for scrambled eggs. We hung out at the hotel during the morning and left around noon. The checkout was pretty quick, no complications. Oh! the day of our arrival we noticed that we hadn't brought our toothpaste, so I called the concierge to see if they could get me one with housekeeping, they didn't have one but they did offer to go to Oxxo (c-store) for one. When we came back from the beach our toothpaste was already there, that was nice. Overall the hotel is great, small, quiet, relaxing, and beautiful, we really didn't find anything wrong, except for the things that I already mentioned. We strongly recommend it for couples, honemooners.