My boyfriend and I, along with another couple, stayed at Le Reve during the first week in October. We ended up in the area because a friend was having a destination wedding in the area. Guests were staying at a variety of hotels, mostly in Playa. Fortunantly, we found Le Reve, which really is a wonderful hotel. Playa We did not care for the town of Playa at all and frankly can't understand why in the world people would go there. Perhaps many years ago it was quaint. Not, it is very touristy (and low-end tourists at that) and filled with chain restuarants, t-shirt and tatoo shops, bad food, etc. It was like the Myrtle beach of Mexico. There was not one positive thing that I can say about Playa. We had to go into town far more than we would have liked for wedding activities. We were always so happy to get back to Le Reve at night. Hotel Le Reve Overall we were very pleased with Le Reve. The service was amazing. The staff is incredibly attentive and really looks after you. We booked a top floor room, but the first night we were placed in a beach-front bungalow bc our room was not yet free. The bungalow was very nice, but the top floor room blew it away. It is so large, has an amazing patio and a beautiful view. My friend stayed in a garden room, and it was pretty bad. It didn't even have a masquito net around the bed (which is vital). The bugs were so bad in their room, they asked to be upgraded to a 2nd floor room, which the staff did comp them to. The thrid floor room aslo didn't have any bug problems. Overall, rooms are very clean but they are a bit rustic.. Beds and linnens are very lovely, though. AC worked great. The beach & ocean wer very nice, though as others have mentioned, it is very rocky in the water and makes it really a bear to get in and out of the water. The food at the hotel was good. If it cost about 1/3 less, I would have felt I was getting my money's worth. But, the portions are small & the quality is good but def not great. Breakfast was probably the best meal of the day. We did have the chef prepare us an off-the menu entree one night, which was really lovely. The food quality was better than our off the menu items, and we had it served to us in the private massage area that overlooks the beach and water, which was really special. A must-do. Another must do is head to a restaurant called John Gray's in Playa. Its the only decent restaurant we found in playa (although Gray's is wonderful). We went there 3 times in one week. Highly reccoment it. There are two main problems with Le Reve - the masquitos and the road that leads into the hotel. The masquitos would actually be a reason I would consider not returning. Though the staff had plenty of bug spray to pass out, it was still a very annoying part of the trip. The road it is just terrible. It would take about 20 minutes to get from the hotel back to the main road because it was so horrible (making it a 30 - 40 minute cab ride to Playa). The cab company that the hotel would call for us to go into town was familiar with the road, so they would not complain. However, when we would get cabs in the city to bring us home at night, it was always a nightare. We would tell the cabbies "El calle es muy mal" (the road is very bad) but we would just get varying degrees of attitude from the drivers once we hit the road to Le Reve - some essentially yelling and cursing at us, some demanding more moeny due to the road conditions - and I don't blame them, it was horrible & really tough on the cars. You would have to ride through holes in the road that looked like landmines had exploded (no joke) and the water would be up to the floor of the car. On a few occassions, we thought the cabbies were going to stop and make us get out mid-way (which would have been VERY scary, although this never happend). On the last night we were there, our cab did get stuck in the mud on the way home. Thankfully, we were able to get in touch with the hotel (which was fortunante bc there is not someone answering the phone past 10 or so). They came and got us and promised us they would go back to help the cabbie. The road was really a detraction. Had we not had to go into town so much, it wouldn't have been as big of a deal. There are a few negatives to Le Reve, but I think it's all about being prepared (primarily about the road). If you can get past that & the bugs, you will have the most enjoyable stay. The staff and the service makes this a gem.