My wife and I just spent 4 nights at Le Reve. We loved the hotel, and thorougly enjoyed our stay. Let me clarify a few things. If you have your expectations in the right place, this hotel is fantastic! Service: Wonderful service, attentive and friendly staff. This is not 4 Seasons type service, but more Bed and Breakfast type friendly service. The only "non-positive" thing I can say is that not all the staff were full knowledgeable about everything at the hotel. This was mainly due to the fact that there were 2 people working that had just started there. Rooms: We had a beach bungalow with the prvt plunge pool. It was fantastic, but its very simple. Very high end linens on an extremely large and comfortable bed. We did kill about 2 dozen mosquitos in the 4 nights we were there. We saw other guests joking about how many bug bites they had. This was not a problem for us, but if you're expecting 4 Seasons luxury, mosquitos and the odd roach may ruin your stay. Just know what to expect. There's a mosquito net around the bed, so use it when you got to sleep. You also cannot call out from the phone in your room. You'll have to call the office and have them place the call for you and transfer it back to your room. They were more than happy to do this for us, and they also let me use their computer. I don't know if the website mentions it, but there aren't any TV's (which for us was great!). There was an IPOD (with an eclectic mix of music) and IPOD docking station to play your IPOD. The AC worked great, but we really didn't need it. Temp was mid 60's at night. Food/Drinks: Overall the food was very good. Our rate included the continental breakfast (toast, juice, coffee) but other typical breakfast entrees could be ordered for a price. I was a little surprised by the food prices, but I don't think its really overpriced. Entrees range from $19-$40. The menu is pretty limited, but if you ask the servers for advice they'll often tell you about what else the chef can prepare. 2 nights I ordered entrees that weren't on the menu. Just remember that the food prices at the restaurant will be typical of any up-scale US restaurant in most US Cities. I was also surprised by the drink prices. Beer $4 and cocktails $9 and up. The $9 margarita was pretty unimpressive. We went to a local store and bought some beer and other drinks to keep in our room. One of the nice things is that all the prices for food and drinks include a 15% tip. This makes it convenient and makes the prices seem a little lower. If you're a wine connoiseur you may be disappointed. I'm not a wine expert so the wine list was fine, but its fairly limited. 25 btls of red and 25 btls of white aprox. Beach/Pool: The service here is fantastic. They put out cushions on all the beach/pool chairs every morning and then put towels down on top of all the cushions. They have 6 or so "Palapas" on the beach with beach chairs underneath them. We didn't have any problems getting chairs, but it may be difficult if the hotel is full. There was only 8 rooms (of 25) occupied while we were there and on Sat and Sun all the Palapas were taken (but there was still open chairs around the pool. They'll bring you drinks on the beach/pool and cool wet towels to cool off with. They clean the beach in front of the hotel every morning (and rake the sand too!?!?!?!?) It's not ideal for swimming due to the rockiness from the waterline in. They do have diving shoes/aqua socks that you can use to go into the water. We used these to go swimming and it worked fine (but I wouldn't recommend it barefoot). You can walk down the beach about 100yds in either direction and find less rocks and an easier way to swim. There are much larger resorts located fairly close by so you will see a number of people walking the beach in front of Le Reve. It was never a problem for us, but there is a huge resort located just South of the Le Reve. Language: I speak Spanish, but my wife doesn't . Just about everyone seemed to speak English, and most very well. There was also some French spoken (I think the owner is French). About 1/2 the guests were from the US/Canada, and the other half seemed to be French/European. The day we left there was a couple there from Mexico. All over Playa del Carmen, just about anywhere you go, someone speaks English. All our cabdrives spoke at least some English. If you speak Spanish, all the better, but you certainly don't need to. Playa del Carmen: We were somewhat disappointed with Playa. Its very touristy. The main street and the beach are dominated by bars/restaurants catering to Americans/Europeans. T-shirt shops, Hard Rock, Johhny Rockets, etc. We didn't realize Playa was so touristy. We managed to find two great authentic mexican restaurants to eat in while we there. El Fogon is one (its on tripadvisor). Just ask any taxidriver and they'll take you there. We also ate a great "taqueria" called "Estilo y Sabor Mexicano". The taqueria was great. I'm pretty sure they don't get a lot of gringos there, but its great. You may not find much English spoken there, but the menu has pic's and pretty much all they serve are tacos.