I have stayed in Central Park Hotel for 1 week at the end of September together with Friends ( we were 5 rooms ) . OK the first thing you should know ween you book is : 1) you have Central Park Hotel - the main Building ( where I have stayed ) and there are also 2 streets with apartments and rooms separate from the main Building that also belong to the Central Park Hotel . The Main Building is the one that has the Reception and the Breakfast Room where Breakfast is served every day for all the clients of the Hotel . So even if you stay at the end of the street in an apartment or a room , you still have to come to come the main Building to have the Breakfast. The Staff is very nice and helpful , I'll give them a 10 . The speak with you very nice and every problem you have they will do their best to resolve it . The Rooms in the Main Building have a nicer furniture , TV ( mine only got 2 Chanel but it was ok , the one in my Friend's room got 10 ) , a Tea maker with tea , coffee and Milk that are replaced every day if you use them , the Bathroom had shower but one of my friends had a big Bathtub . The nice Lady s come to clean your room every 2 days or so and they brig you new towels if you need them . The Breakfast is always the same , but it is good : cornflakes , milk , ham , cheese , butter and jam , bred , coffee and tea . In the Reception area you have FREE Wi -Fi so you can bring your Laptop with you , if you do not have it is ok there is also a Computer with printer there but it is with charge . In my opinion it is a Travel Budget hotel , ok only for young ppl or only persons traveling on budget . In my opinion the rooms in the Main Building are better than the ones in the other buildings , so if you book make sure that you specify that you what a room in the Main Building . The Metro Station - Finnsbury Park in very close - 5 min walk from the hotel and neat the Metro it is also a Buss Staion ( we used only Metro ) . Near the Hotel you have Supermarkets , even a Tesco :) , KFC, very good Turkish Kebab place and a Chinese Rest. Anyway I have enjoyed my stay there and I would give it a 9 . Enjoy London and Central Park Hotel