There's a lot about this hotel I didn't like, some that I didn't mind, and the circumstances were not ideal. That is, we didn't choose the place terribly carefully. My wife needed a certain corporate rate for a business trip, she brought the family, we didn't do as much research as we otherwise might for a business-plus-pleasure-bring-the-family trip. First impressions count for a lot, and the Warwick really bit the big one here. I've never stayed anywhere so militant about its check in time, particularly one so slack as 3:00 p.m. We flew in from the east coast and arrived at 11:30 a.m. or so. No room available. We were told to check back in two hours. We came back at 2:15 or so and had to sit until 3:01 to get our room. The front desk staff were not only unconcerned, but barely masked their mild amusement at our inconvenience. The lobby was full of people in the same situation. The lobby was small and beat up, and managed to look like a refugee camp for much of the time we were there. Slow elevators aggravated the conditions. After the abysmal welcome, the mediocre room was rather refreshing. But the plumbing was poor. The faucets mustered barely a trickle, and the tub drain was slow. The TV was a traditional 4:3 job, placed rather low in a console so you can't see it well in the bed, kind of hidden behind your feet. We were on the 5th floor, facing a bus stop, which was hugely noisy. It was as if the room acoustics were tuned to the bus engines. They start running at about 5 a.m. during the week; mercifully later on the weekend. That said. The location is excellent. Convenient to convention center, Pike Place market, waterfront, Seattle Center, and surrounded by worthy restaurants. The bar in the hotel isn't bad. An upscale market across the street gets you all you need (except fresh bread) at nearly any hour. There's a refridgerator in the room. The Cinerama across the street has a cool retro look to it, and there's a view of the Space needle. The street scene is fun to watch. Beyond the few rotten apples at the front desk, the bell and housekeeping staff were friendly and professional. Consistent with the late check-in time, the noon check-out time is rather generous. The pool/whirlpool is fine for a quick dip, and the gym looked O.K., too. We got the sense that the Warwick does a high-volume tourist business associated with the cruise ship terminals not far away. I suppose the hotel is appropriate for that market; a place to crash before embarking on a cruise or making an airport connection with perhaps a few hours to see a bit of Seattle's sights. The Warwick is definitely not a business class hotel, but perhaps it's unfair to hold it to that standard. Whatever the application, there are no doubt much better places to stay in Seattle. At the right price (a very low one), I would not discourage someone from staying at the Warwick. But I would not recommend it.