After arranging a much anticipated girl's weekend with a friend - and an escape from children...I was MORE than excited about sleeping through the night by myself. I may have children, but I still want to enjoy hip places and cool design etc...so, rather than stay at a boring run-of-the mill hotel - we opted for the Ace Hotel's digs. In order to ensure maximum uninterrupted sleep - we booked our own separate rooms. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were informed that the hotel was full and that there was a mix-up with our online reservation and that we only had one room with a small queen-sized bed (supposedly it was a deluxe room) in it. Normally I would "suck it up", and accept that this was just a simple mistake - but this time I was really annoyed. My irritation was partially attributed to the overall nonchalant attitude of the uber-cool reception person - who didn't really attempt to compensate us beyond a slightly lower rate for the room. In fact, as she checked for our reservation on her computer she printed a sheet off and refused to let us look at it when my friend asked if she could see it - wanting to cross-reference the information on the sheet against what we had written on our reservation. It was strange, so much so that it appeared as though the mistake had been made on their part - but they didn't want to admit to it, and were quick to blame the online booking system. There was almost an inference that somehow it was our fault for booking online. To add insult to injury, we were also told after shelling out a small fortune for parking at a lot across the street, that we could have had our parking at a reduced rate at another lot - not easily marked. Once in the room, we found it dingy and not as charming as the photos on their web-site would suggest. However, we did see a couple of other rooms when we were walking down the corridors, that looked a lot better than our room did. Anyway, aside from being a great location and decently priced - it was the overall experience that just wasn't impressive. A few days later I received an email from the hotel thanking me for staying with them etc..."we hope you enjoyed your stay with us...etc..." and I responded with an email outlining my frustrations with our accomodation. This is not like me - but this time around, I really needed to air my dissatisfaction. The hotel's manager replied with an apologetic email and offered a discount on a later night's stay - to be redeemed by May 1st, 2008. This seemed like a positive response to our negative experience and I planned to return to the hotel with my husband for a romantic get away. Well, the so-called compensatory offer was never acknowledged. In my multiple attempts to contact the manager with a specific date and weekend in my messages - NOTHING. He did not return my messages. So much for that! I don't know what happened, as there was no reply at all. I guess the hotel doesn't need my business! Anyway, perhaps my experience was an isolated case. In any event, I will not be planning another stay at the Ace any time soon.