Currently staying at the Ace Hotel on business, since other hotels downtown are booked. The hotel is decent, but more like a 2 star based on my experiences. Overall my experience has been just ok. The room is a "deluxe" room according to the hotel, which isn't very deluxe-it just means I get to avoid sharing a bathroom. So here's my summary: Pros: Location-Plenty of bars and restaurants to choose from. Convinience store across the street. And an easy walk to downtown about 10 minutes. For those who don't want to walk, there's a bus stop right outside the hotel with frequent service. If you walk a block or two further closer to downtown, you'll be within the "free ride" zone to save yourself a 1.25/1.50 at rush hour. Wireless Intenet included The hotel is clean. Small continental breakfast included featuring toast, granola cereal and juice included in price. Cons: No elevator at the entry, so you have to climb a decent flight of stairs to the reception area. Not a big deal for the young, but could be a hassle if you've got heavy luggage. Receptionists seem friendly enough, but you can tell this is part-time work for them, and they don't seem to be all that interested in the comings and goings of people. I've walked past them numerous times at all hours of the night without so much as a look up to see who is coming into the hotel, or to give a simple greeting. Rooms are small, just enough for a bed, and a tiny desk and chair. And I'm in the "deluxe." Decor is trying to be boutique-y, but to me it just looks like a sanatorium. Walls in the hallways and rooms are all white. There is no closet or drawers to speak of, so your luggage and clothes are on the floor in an already small room. You do have metal hangars hanging from a coat hanger on the wall which you can hear clanking at night and in the morning from the adjacent room. Bathroom is ok size, but looks cheap, with only a stand-up shower and toilet with open u-faced seating like in an airport or store, which isn't a big deal except that the towel holder is placed right above it, and to get a folded, stacked, and jammed in there towel out, it's easy to pull out the rest of them which fall into the toilet--not real smart thinking Ace. Naked lightbulb serves as the lighting for the room, which adds to the hostel/sanitorium/potential flophouse hotel effect. And the clincher is tv on a wall arm extending from the ceiling. There's nothing like a tv attached to the wall/ceiling to give you that "motel" feeling. Also, you have to leave a "service room" tag on your door when you leave, or they will not do housekeeping. They try and sell it as "leaving you alone," but I think it's more about saving money. Summation: For location, and due to the few options available in this price range, this hotel is a decent option. But to call it a "boutique" hotel experience and charge a discounted corporate rate of 160 a night for a plain room that measures 15X15 in Seattle? That's definitely not aces.