We had a girl's weekend shopping through Seattle and my friend booked Crowne Plaza Seattle (CPS) on Hotwire for a one night stay in June. There are numerous problems with this hotel. My friend forgot her toothpaste and since Crowne Plaza offers complimentary travel accessories, my friend called front desk. This was around midnight and the phones kept ringing and ringing. She then called concierge, again, it kept ringing. No answer at the valet desk either. We tried again in 10 minutes and again, no one answered their phones. Same went for the next morning when we tried calling valet. We called back 10 minutes to hear an out of breath valet answering the phone. There's only one attendant on duty at 9am? The bathroom also lacked a fan so the room became quite muggy. The tile used in the bathroom was also slippery; be careful if you step out of the shower. There also wasn't a place to hang your towels; only the shelve above the toilet (which isn't the most sanitary location). CPS also had slow elevators. It took over 10 minutes to finally hail an elevator from Ground Floor. There are only two serviceable elevators and while we were waiting, we came across the hotel manager who gave up after 5 minutes and left after we commented to him that the elevator is slow. This was especially a problem around dinner time when there were 30 people waiting in the lobby for the elevator. We gave up and sat in the lobby to wait until the crowds cleared. On the issue of parking, you also had to valet your car with Crowne Plaza as there wasn't an option to park it yourself. This service took a while as well. After our stay, my friend wrote in to Crowne Plaza Seattle to inform them of the problems encountered during our stay. She sent her email in twice and we still have not heard back from management since her emails in JUNE 2010. They say that word of mouth can make and break a business, well, Crowne Plaza Seattle, not only have you lost our business but you have also lost the potential business of all our friends as well.