My boyfriend and I stayed at this Hotel following a Cruise. Working in a Hotel in the U.K I always try to be less critical when travelling as I fully appreciate the hard work and passion that is needed for this particular industry. I have a few major gripes with this property, firstly the amount of time we had to wait for the room. I appreciate that check in time is 3pm however, I am also fully aware that this is a guideline and following good practice there is a way of putting the rooms on priority in order to meet guests needs as much as possible. Prior to arriving at the Hotel I telephoned to see if there was any possibility of getting into a room as we were exhausted and needed to have a shower. I was told they will do what can, when arrived was informed the room was not ready and asked to check back about in about an hour which we did do, then to check again at 1pm which we did and then checked again at 2pm, we eventually got into our room at about 2.50pm. I found this to be a little excessive and extremely annoying as there were also not many arrivals at this time. So we then went to our room after dragging our heavy suitcases up the numerous steps and flights of stairs to walk down a corridor that smelt of a hospital ward consistently ( a couple of plug in air freshners may have resolved this!). The room was in desperate need of maintenance. The ceiling looked like it was falling down! Obviously been painted over on numerous occasions however the corner with pieces hanging down were obviously missed or not picked up as needing attention. Also the pipe in the Bathroom got very hot at times and was no notice or sign warning guests of this considering it was in the way of getting into the shower. I think Housekeeping did a good job considering what they had to work with. It was very hot over the few days that we spent there and was actually quite shocked to find no air conditioning, however we could of coped with just the ceiling fan and the window open, if we were not literally on top of noisy ac units which were just outside our window from other properties. A suggestion maybe to equip these noisier rooms with Air Conditioning. On our last night we were disturbed throughout the evening a a group of High School Teenagers, who seemed to be allowed to roam free. The final straw was when one of them tried to get into our room at about midnight and then 15 mins later knocking on our door. The night Manager did respond promptly to our complaint. I then asked if it was possible to get a late checkout on our last day as our flight was not until 10pm Was told straight away a definate No, not that i will check and get back to you etc etc.. even though I offered to pay half or even full rate so we could rest ahead of a long flight. I was even more annoyed that when we were returned and collected our luggage just after 6pm, it was being stored in a clean room which we could of easily had and payed for, the same was true when we arrived and took our luggage to a clean room whilst we waited 5 hours to get into ours. The continental breakfast consisted of a few pastries, fresh coffee and tea laid out in the Reception Area. Overall the staff were pleasant enough, they do need to be trained in Customer Care skills and be more Accommodating to guests needs. I have stayed in many non rated, 1 and 2 * Hotels of a much higher calibre and cannot keep thinking what a gem this Inn would be with effective staff training and a maintenance programme which often just consists of a pot of paint.