My husband and I were on a 12-day trip to Los Angeles, Seattle and untimately San Francisco. We spent 3 nights in Seattle at the Moore Hotel. I have to admit, I am cheap when it comes to paying for lodging, especially if it's only to sleep (and not taking advantages of any amenities), which this one was. But, on the other hand, you do get what you pay for. We were on the 5th floor. It seemed that they were slowly remodeling the hotel because the 3rd floor seemed newly painted and had nice light fixtures in the halls (though didn't see the rooms) , as opposed to our floor that was dingy and creepy, kind of like the place in The Shining. The room was basically that. A decent sized room with a dresser, TV, nightstand with phone and bed. There was no desk or chair. There was nowhere to sit except on the bed. The walk-in closet was nearly as big as the room but that was a non issue for us. No A/C but a small fan on top of the TV. We didn't need AC as the weather was cool in late July. BUT the downside to that was that you had to open your windows.... (not a place for small children as there weren't even screens) to get a breeze. That made for a terribly loud night's sleep. The carpet was creepy (not necessarily dirty, but dingy) and I kept shoes on my feet at all times. The bathroom was the pits. It was old and you had to step up about 18" into THE smallest shower I've ever seen. The thing that killed me and I'm not sure why but the toilet didn't have a cover. Just a seat. Like you're using the bathroom at a rest stop. Since the bathroom was so small, there was no place to put your toiletries and I was afraid that anything I precariously perched on the edge of the sink was going to fall into the toilet. I carried on a lot about the toilet not having a cover and I think my husband got tired of listening to me but I just found it really strange! (We stayed in a Quality Inn in Los Angeles for less than Moore Hotel and the QI had coffee makers in the room AND continental breakfast (and FREE parking) and was way nicer than Moore.) The positive of the place is that the location is BONUS and the rate is fair, keeping in mund what you get for that rate. It's about 3 blocks from Pike's Market which is central. We walked to the space needle and I'd say it was a good mile's walk, but definitely do-able. There's coffee about a block in either direction, but you still have to LEAVE the building. Another minor benefit was internet access in the lobby but even though they post a 15 min time limit, it was in use all the time. I probably wouldn't stay here again. I've never stayed in a hostel, but this place is what I think a hostel would be like. I'm too old for that!! If you're young and/or don't care a bit about amenities this place is fine to sleep, though the bed was cheap and semi-comfortable. This place epitomizes the phrase "You get what you pay for". I