The best part of the hotel was the staff. I enjoyed sitting in the lobby watching the goings on. Interesting and nice people. They have a computer set up in the lobby for you to use as you wish for free. I was able to check emails. I booked the hotel because of the reviews on Trip Advisor. I was prepared for anything. I booked it because I did not want to spend 170 and up for an overnight before a cruise. You enter a small lobby with a few chairs to comfortably sit in, and one person working at the desk. A 2nd person is usually in the office next to the desk. Check out when parking is free on the streets before you pay 10 dollars for about 10 hours of parking in the lots. I think we could have saved 10 dollars if we read the signs. They are extremely nice and helpful. I can not say enough about how much I enjoyed them. You then take an elevator to your floor. When the elevator door opens, you start to giggle. "I can't believe I booked this hotel". I hope you have a sense of humor, or don't expect much. Expect the worst for ambience. The hotel is old. Very old. The walls have been painted over in a very dark color, along with almost black colored carpeting in a wide hallway. You get the feeling of entering an old dormitory at an old, and I stress OLD, school . You walk down the depressing hall to the door (which has one real key even if you have 4 people in the room). You leave the key at the front desk when you leave if others might need it to get in. We stayed in a 2 queen bed room. There were 4 of us. The bed was comfortable enough. The decor was 1944 bland. There was no place to put anything down in the bathroom, like a counter. The toilet was so close to the wall on its left that your butt hit the wall if you sat down. You had to sit more to the right. The flusher hit the wall, so they cut a hole in the wall to be able to flush the toilet. The shower was fine. Fat people could not use the facility here. Not in my room. There is no screen in the window and no air conditioning. We left the window open all night (birds could have flown in as there were many), and traffic noise went on. I had no problem sleeping, but others could not stand the sound of traffic. I was exhausted and crashed with no problem. Staying near Pikes Market means you are in the run down part of town. I would prefer to stay in a nicer section. I did not realize how scary it could be.You are literally a 5 minute walk from the Market, and a block or 2 further to the waterfront. It is all downhill, so remember you need to walk back up again. During the day it was ok. We walked past a lot of scary people. I would not go out at night. I did get up earlier than the rest of the group, and since I had no place to watch tv without disturbing them, I went downstairs. They told me there was a McDonalds that opens at 630am. I walked there. about 3 blocks.I met all the drunks in recovery while I bought my coffee. Starbucks opens at 7. I brought the coffee back to the hotel and sat in the lobby, comfortably reading until about 930 when others got up. Seattle seems to be the most expensive city in the country. I don't think you will be murdered if you stay here, but I think I would prefer to stay at the airport the next time I overnight for a cruise. Or in a nicer neighborhood. If you walk in the opposite direction from your hotel you come to a really nice (expensive) section with Nordstroms, and all sorts of expensive fancy stores. A nice area. Way too expensive to stay there. There is a steak house across from the hotel (on the corner) that I really wish I had a chance to visit. It was Argentina beef and I remember that being awesome when I had it in the old days. I bet it is good.