My brother and I stayed for two nights in late August. I'd made the reservation for two people a few months before, and when he asked to bring my nephew, I called the 1-800 number to see if cots were available. "Yes," said the operator, "but let me connect you to the local hotel so you can have it ready for you." The local hotel contradicted this: "We don't have any cots, but we can give you extra blankets." Fine. He brought his own cot. We arrived early and checked our bags; check-in was uneventful and the bellhop was friendly and eager to help. I returned to the hotel to get keys several hours later; no problem. The room was small, as I expected, but in several places had paint chips coming off the walls. The hot and cold water on the sink was reversed. The window overlooking the library across the street was dusty and had gunk in the tracks. The frosted glass bathroom door had liquid marks at various heights. I don't want to wonder what the waist-level liquid marks came from. When my brother arrived, he called down for the blankets for the cot. "We don't have any," said the desk. A hotel without blankets? Really? Fine. We pulled the comforter off the bed and let my nephew use it on his cot. I was fine with just a sheet until about 2 AM. The air conditioning works really, really well. The next morning, I was the first one in the shower. The water was up to my shins when I finished -- it wouldn't drain a drop. I messed with the drain plug in the murky water, but couldn't get it to a point where I could hear any water draining out. My brother messed with it, using the drain plug as a plunger, and got it to drain slowly. Ewww for him. We called maintenance, who fixed it while we were out, but seriously, isn't that something that housekeeping would have noticed the last time they cleaned the tub? Unless they don't clean the tub... On the way out that morning, my brother stopped housekeeping and asked them for an extra blanket. They were happy to provide one. If the hotel has no extra blankets, as the front desk said, I wonder who in the hotel had to sleep without one that night. We ate breakfast at the Seattle's Best Coffee downstairs. They were as good as expected. The rest of the stay was uneventful. The front desk was happy to split charges across my brother's and my credit cards, and the bell desk was efficient at checking our bags again. It's really got the feel of a two-star place that might have been a three-star place many years ago. Knowing what I know now, I'd shell out a few extra bucks for somewhere else.