I don't like to complain, but I can't help it with this one. I really didn't enjoy my stay, but I was trying to find a reasonable rate in a prime location, during a peak season. It's true what they say... you get what you pay for. So I will start with the positive... The hotel's location is price. Nestled on the corner of 4th and Spring, this property is conveniently located to almost everything. This is what I wanted, and this is what I got. The price was right for the location and peak season. I don't think I could have found anything cheaper in the area. I paid about $170.00 including self parking. I love old, historical-ish buildings with character. This is for sure an old building and there is character. Too bad things aren't kept up a little better. The bed was very comfortable, but I'm not giving too much credit here because most hotels have comfy beds these days. The connecting restaurant, Jasmin was nice. Although I didn't eat here, I did enjoy the bar. And that's about all I can say positive. Now for the not-so-great. When I arrived it was obvious the parking was terrible. I was pleased to have prepaid for parking. I pulled up in front of the hotel, as I usually do when valet parking is offered, and there were not curb-side spots. I double parked and turned on my flashers, waiting for the attendant. The sign says to ask the attendant for parking instructions, but there was no attendant to be found. I waited for nearly 15 minutes before I called the front desk, only to be put on hold for another 5 minutes before I hung up. I called back and asked if they could send out a parking attendant. I was advised he was parking cars... it should be noted that not a single car was moved during the 20+ minutes I sat out front, double parked. When the parking attendant came out, he got my name and took my car away; that's all that was said, He didn't even offer to help with my bags. I'm not a fan of tipping parking attendants when the price of parking in the city is so high anyway, but he for sure wasn't getting a tip. When I went in to the desk, there was one young man and he was incredible busy. There didn't seem to be anyone else in the lobby, but the phones were crazy. It took another 15 minutes for me to get checked in because he had to keep putting me on hold to answer the phone. And while he was nice, he was in a lose-lose situation. Not to mention, he had a visible arm tattoo. I have tattoos and I love them, but I felt it was inappropriate for a front desk clerk to have one visible. On an up note, I wasn't aware my rate included SELF-park and not valet. If there had been a parking attendant out front when I arrived, maybe I could have realized this. But the attendant just came to my car, asked my name, and drove away. I was used to this and he didn't ask me if I had valet or self park. When I was checking in, it was discovered that I had used valet services but only paid for self park. The tattooed desk clerk was nice enough to upgrade me at no additional charge for the misunderstanding. When I got in to the elevator, the walls were fabric that was worn and looked very dirty. I'm sure it was clean, but it didn't look like it. On my way to my room, there was a painter in the hall painting the baseboards. He didn't make any effort to move aside, and the hallways are pretty narrow. So I went around. When I arrived in my room, the first thing I noticed was how small the bathroom was. I have a thing for bathrooms, and this was small, cute, and charming. And again, while I'm sure it was clean, there were areas I questioned. The grout in between the little tiles on the floor was dingy and appeared to be dirty. I think this is from lack of maintenance. Also, there was a vertical pipe along the wall; at the base of the pipe there appeared to be something that looked like insulation or something, only it was tattered and painted over; it looked really gross. The wood baseboards were sort of torn up (again, lack of maintenance), but they had been painted over. Newsflash... painting over tattered wood doesn't clean up the look of the wood; it only becomes painted tattered wood. Like the fabric in the elevator, the carpet looked dingy and dirty. The room was small, but sufficient for one person, sorta crowded for two. What really upset me were the window shears. One window was above the air conditioner (which was loud) and when I went over to turn the air on, I noticed black spots at the bottom of the shears. I can only assume this was mold, give the look and the location. Also, the headboard was a padded feaux leather-type material that was all worn and scratched up. Not attractive at all. And while I don't frequent the honor bar items, I had forgotten my tooth brush and craved some saltiness in the middle of the night. Things were expensive, as they go with honor bars, but the products still weren't great quality. It seemed like the entire honor bar was stocked from bulk items from Costco. The noise in the hallway and neighboring rooms was loud for a weeknight; I would imagine a weekend night would be worse. And when I checked out, it took the valet another 15 minutes to bring my car around; there were no other people waiting. When he finally got there with my car, I loaded my luggage, again... he didn't offer to help, and he had the nerve to "linger" as if he was expecting a tip. Sorry, buddy, but I just paid nearly 30 bucks for parking one night; if you wanna tip, you're gonna have to take care of my bags. This was one night; I had a second night scheduled here a few days later. Let's just say, this hotel left an impression on me... one that caused me to call and cancel my second night and rebook at another in the same area. I paid more at my new place, but it was worth it. The moral of the story... when you pay budget, expect a budget product.