I stayed at the Renaissance for just one night, but that was more than enough. There were a few pleasant surprises (namely the ability to print airline boarding passes in the lobby and great sweet potato fries at the bistro), and the location is convenient, but overall the visit was disappointing. This current Priceline description has several inaccuracies: The 28-story Renaissance has 553 spacious rooms, with the upper-floor rooms boasting views of Elliott Bay, the Space Needle, Cascade or Olympic Mountains. Rooms come with mini-fridges, coffee/tea makers, Wi-Fi (for a fee in room, free in lobby), windows that open and flat-panel TVs with premium cable. You'll love flopping onto this bed after a day of Seattle sightseeing. It has a pillowtop mattress, down comforter and cotton-rich linens with triple sheeting. No belly-flopping in the pool: Take a refreshing swim around the splash pool and a soak in the hot tub on the 28th floor, with views of the bay. You also get expansive views of Elliott Bay, the Space Needle, and the surrounding city from the 28th-floor restaurant and bar. The hotel also has parking (for a fee), a fitness center, second restaurant and lobby coffee bar and lounge. Sounds good. And the windows DO open a bit, the bed is comfortable, and the night views are pretty. Unfortunately, there is no splash pool/hot tub (despite signs in the hotel elevators that also point you to the 28th floor pool). According to the front desk folks, they're being turned into more meeting rooms. That would have been nice to know BEFORE arriving. Also, the water in our bathtub reached warm, but not hot, even when I turned it to max hot. As I didn't have hours to spend with a hotel engineer, I used the coffee maker's hot water to heat up the bath. Servicable, but hardly "luxurious." Also, from 3 to 6 am, our room on the 21st floor made loud creaking noises that actually woke (and kept) me up. (Apparently, according to the woman at the front desk, the hotel is built on rollers, so whenever it's windy out ... it moves and creaks). And then there's that flat screen TV. The picture was poor and the "Daily Special" movies listed for $4.99 were actually $13.99 when I you get to the purchase screeen. I called downstairs and they said: "That's a separate company and they did have that daily deal, but I guess it's over ... but we can't get them to change the menu. So the price is $13.99.) One thing goes wrong, OK. Two, not great, but livable. No pool, no hot water, interrupted sleep, and bait-and-switch movie prices? C'mon, Renaissance, you can do better than that.