My wife and I recently stayed at this property for the third time, this trip for 2 nights (one night using Hilton points), so I feel well qualified to speak to its qualities (or lack thereof). I can now honestly say I do not intend to stay here again. In a nutshell, the level of service here stinks...badly. Here's a rundown of failings of this place (as experienced by us on the last trip) - Lineup of no less than 5 parties at checkin - with one person manning the counter - despite this being at a busy time ~3pm, and with no apology for the wait. - Very snarly front desk staff. Upon informing him that we had 2 reservations (for consecutive nights...one with points, the other at a pre-paid rate) he reacted with serious attitude, as if I was inconveniencing him and that it was MY fault the reservations weren't "joined together" in the system. He then informed me that our room key "probably" wouldn't work on the second day of our stay - which, as it turned out, it didn't. (My opinion - this is a 'technical' issue that front desk should be able to deal with very easily, without me having to be inconvenienced by returning to the front desk to obtain a new key) - In previous stays using Hilton points I was offered comp. upgrade to 'executive' floor - not this time (despite the hotel clearly not being full). - Cleanliness of room was NOT up to standard - hair in bathtub and bathroom floor, for example. - Unusual (and cramped) layout of bathroom. - Lobby bar staff were unattentive, despite there being only 3 other people in it at the time. Furthermore, we had to listen to her complaining loudly to another patron about how long she had been on duty. Food was dropped on our table with nary a word. - Finally, the pice de rsistance was the fire alarm going off at 7:15 Subday morning, and continuing for ~30min (staff did instruct people via the PA system to remain in their rooms). Upon checkout later that morning I inquired as to the problem, with no real answer, other than "something went wrong" (duh!) - nor any apology whatsoever, nor any inquiry about whether our stay was satisfactory, etc. My (and I assume MOST people's) typical guage on the level of service at a hotel is the willingness of staff to take care of the small things that might otherwise cause you irritation or inconvenience, staff's expression of appreciation for your patronage and their general level of courtesy and pleasantness. From my experience, the Hilton Seattle is seriously lacking in those respects. Next time we will probably choose the Sheraton - its one block away and was a much more pleasant place the previous time we stayed there.