I was really looking forward to staying at the Hotel Andra as I had seen it be annointed as one of the best new hotels in the U.S. by Traveler magazine. Unfortunately, my stay did not live up to the hype. Things started off bad right off the bat due to the awful valet parking situation at this hotel. The valet parking attendants were not to be found so we sat there for 10 minutes waiting for someone to show up and give us a claim ticket. Throughout the three days we spent there, the valet parking situation was a constant hassle. Sometimes no one was there; sometimes there was no space in front of the hotel to drop off the car because limos and other cars were parked there for the adjacent restaurants; sometimes even when someone was there it took them over 15 minutes to get the car brought around (and this was after calling them from the room ahead of time to have the car brought around). We discovered that the hotel is contracting this service out and will not be providing valet parking service on its own until the beginning of next year. This was a really annoying aspect of the hotel. We tried to check in at 3 p.m. Mind you, we had called ahead of time since we were out shopping and asked if the room would be ready at 3 p.m. and we were assured that it would be. We got to the hotel at 3:15 p.m. and sure enough, the room was not ready. It was not ready for another 30 minutes. The front desk staff was aloof, unhelpful and lacking in social skills. There was only one front desk employee during the course of the three days that actually seemed like he enjoyed helping the clientele. The rest just sat there chatting with each other and barely looked up when anyone passed by. One night we discovered that the valet parking attedant was not outside to take our car because he was inside chatting and laughing with the two girls at the front desk. Needless to say, I was not amused. The previous comments about the hotel smelling like onion is absolutely. . .TRUE. At night when the restaurant in the lobby gets cooking, you will smell onions throughout the hotel. We were on the NINTH floor and we smelled it in the hallways up there. Luckily, the smell did not travel into our room, but every time we walked through the lobby I thought I was going to hurl. It was that strong. Perhaps the front desk people at night were so much like zombies because they had to inhale that awful stench all night long. As far as the room goes, I was very unimpressed. The bathroom was tiny and very hard to get around. The bath products were average at best. I decided to use my own that I had brought from home, and I almost never do that. To their credit, the bed was extremely comfortable. The pillows could have been fluffier though. We had a junior suite, so we had some extra space. There was a couch, coffee table and a small bar area in the living portion of the room. The room had absolutely no view, so we did not spend much time in the room at all. The air conditioning worked well, so that was a saving grace for the room. The location is very good. It is central to shopping and the sights. Personally, I prefer to stay closer to the shops. I definitely recommend the Grand Hyatt Elliott Bay as a wonderful 5-star hotel with impeccable rooms, service and location. The Hotel Andra was very disappointing. I kept trying to be optimistic and find positive things about the experience. But, quite frankly, there were very few things about my stay there that leave happy memories. I would definitely never stay at this hotel again. I just can't express how truly disappointed I am. Book me at the Hyatt next time!