We had stayed here many years ago and had a great time and loved the hotel. Based on our past experience we booked it again for the President's Day weekend with two other friends. What a disappointment this time! The first thing you see when you drive into the parking lot is a sign saying that valet parking is required at $36 per night! It was my recollection that when we stayed the previous time there was no valet parking or that it was optional. It's not like there isn't any parking available at the hotel and that they need to shuttle your car to a lot offsite somewhere; they have a very large parking area similar to what a hotel out by the airport would have, so it appears they are simply charging as a way of sucking more money from their guests. When we talked with the desk clerk about the high cost of parking, we were told that all the hotels in Seattle do it, and while the Edgewater might be a little high, it is in line with what other hotels are charging. Even more frustrating is waiting 10 minutes at the curb for the car jockey to go get your car, when you're staring at your car parked less than 60' away. Valet parking is inconvenient at best for the customer, and the Edgewater's system was poor. Overall the rooms and hallways are very "tired". All the rooms appear to have had the bathrooms upgraded, but for some reason the rest of the room has been left in it's worn out state. Our first room on the water side had a fireplace that had the front glass so sooted up you could barely see the flames. The slider leading out onto the deck had a built in vent in the framework that no longer had a cover on the outside, which allowed cold air to blow into the room unabated all night. Poor maintenance for sure! To the credit of the lobby staff, we were moved to another room the next day after we complained about the two problems mentioned. The staff was the only bright spot of what was otherwise a very disappointing stay. The hotel is in a prime location right on the water, and has the potential of being one of the premiere properties in Seattle, but they've missed the mark. It's almost as though the hotel knows that they established a reputation years ago of being a top-notch hotel, and now they're just coasting without trying to maintain that reputation. Unfortunately we will not be staying here again.