On checking in I was advised by the receptionist that no upgrades were available as the hotel was full, even though I had not mentioned anything about an upgrade. No problem, I thought as we had booked and paid 3 months in advance and should have a reasonable room. Why would we need an upgrade. On entering our City View 4th floor room we were taken back by its very small size and Queen size bed. With our luggage in the room we barely had room to open the suitcases without having to step over them. Then I saw the complementary single set of ear plugs (were they mine, or my wifes) on the table and I knew we were in trouble. I now understood why the receptionist got in early telling me not to bother asking for an upgrade. Sure enough, within minutes a train rumbled past outside our window. No problem, with the window shut you could still hear it but not too loudly. However, the room was very hot and smelly, so trying to sleep with the window shut proved to be impossible, so on with the airconditioner. Well, that was not such a good idea as the thermostat controlled fan kicks in every few minutes with the roar, reverberation and vibration of a farm tractor ploughing, and the room still was too hot to be comfortable. A bit of checking and we found the gas fireplace in the corner was still burning and putting out a considerable amount of heat, even though it was switched off on the wall. By this time it was past midnight and we were yet to get any sleep, so a call to the front desk resulted in the night manager arriving and after partially dismantling the heater he was able to extinguish the flame. At last the aircon was able to cool the room to the point where we were able to sleep with the heavy doona replaced by a light blanket. The two nights we spent at this hotel in what must be the smallest room in the place at $255-00 a night were, we feel, the worst value for money of the 20 or so hotels we stayed in during our 2 month trip to North America. Prior to this hotel we stayed one night in Hotel 1000 on 1St Av in Seattle, about 10 blocks from the Edgewater, and we paid $215-00 for a City View basic room which was two to three times larger with a beautiful bathroom and excellent, modern facilities. The Edgewater has good location on the waterfront, but absolutely nothing else. It is a very old, dark, dank, dimly lit, depressing dungeon. The walls are paper thin and you will be awoken by your neighbours bathroom visits during the night. The restaraunt is expensive with very average food, the lobby decor is weird, to say the least, and appears to be a collection of odds and ends from a number of recycle shops. There were at least 7 different styles of chairs in the lobby area alone when we were there in June, 2011. And the deer antlers looked at home in Alaska, but don't quite work in a so called 4 or 5 star hotel in downtown Seattle. Other reviewers have praised this hotel, and I am unable to understand how they can. Obviously they were not in the same 4th floor room as we were. On looking into rooms on the first three floors that were being cleaned next morning I could see that they are larger than the fourth floor, so if you do stay here you should specify any floor but the fourth. Yes, the location on the waterfront is nice, but we did not feel this one factor compensated for all the negative features of the hotel and should we visit Seattle again we most definitely will not be staying at the Edgewater.