I stayed here for four nights while doing business in Seattle. I got the room through Priceline, so I did not have a choice of location. If I had the choice, I'd not choose the Edgewater as a place I'd want to return to. The only good thing about the location is that it's on the waterfront. Literally. it's on a pier on the edge of Puget Sound. However, it's not reasonably near anything of interest in Seattle, and if you want to walk, anyplace you'd want to go to from here is uphill, sometimes substantially so. After driving up from the Bay Area, the last thing I want to encounter is an extra $30/night (or so) for parking. It's a complete rip-off. Fortunately, the conference organizer got me a parking pass for the hotel where the conference was held, so I parked there for the duration and walked back and forth every day. In-room Internet? Not free. The room I got, overlooking the street and the train tracks, was one of the smallest hotel rooms I've ever seen. Heck, it was smaller than the boutique hotel room I stayed in in Paris (France) several years ago. A bed barely fit in the room. A chair squeezed into the corner, and a narrow glass table ran along the wall opposite the end of the bed. The bed had a tall wooden headboard, and every time I rolled over, the headboard banged against the wall. (Sorry, neighbor.) There was a small gas fireplace in the corner, which apparently provided the heat. I much rather would have had a desk to do some work--although I wouldn't pay for Internet (did I mention Internet access isn't free?). The bathroom continued the "upscale" and pretentious theme, with a marble sink counter on a chrome pipe stand and a stone floor in the bathroom and shower. I found out the first morning that wet stone is slippery. Not the best material for a shower floor, that's for sure. The bathroom wasn't quite as small as the Red Roof by the Portland airport (where my knees poked out the door when I sat on the pot), but it was close. Most of it was form over function. About the only good things I can say about the room is that the bed itself was comfortable and there was a nice, decently sized flat-screen TV on the wall. Upon my exit, there was a charge for parking. At the desk, they found that I had been charged for someone else, so they removed the charge from my bill. When I checked my credit card bill a few weeks later, I found another mysterious charge, and I had to make a phone call to get it removed. It appears they look for every little way to nickel-and-dime you, and that's after getting exorbitant rates for tiny rooms.