Our total experience at this hotel was very disappointing. We traveled to Seattle for business, and we bought this room on an on-line auction site. We paid $90, including tax. After we won the auction, my travel partner called the hotel to make sure and reserve a room with two beds. The hotel told her that they "might" have one available when we checked in, but if they didn't, there would be a $20 charge! We called two different hotel staff members at two different times and each was as unhelpful as the other. Finally, on the 3rd call, the woman said there would be no charge to "upgrade" to a room with 2 beds. Since when is requesting 2 beds in a hotel room an "upgrade"?? When we arrived, we found the decor laughable (a tacky "lodge" decor more suitable to Wyoming or Montana than to the Seattle waterfront). After refusing to pay the $20 to "upgrade" to 2 beds, we were given a room at no extra charge. There were no luggage carts to take our bags to our room, and they gave us a room as far away from the lobby as possible, right next to the street, with a "city view" (not exactly what I would call a view). (The waterfront rooms DO have a beautiful view of Puget Sound). The decor was tacky, particularly the dirty, furry "bear" foot stool, and the room was small and had a funny smell. The bathroom was a decent size, but totally did not match the rest of the decor. The only source of heat was a gas fireplace, with a fake rock surround. The fire came on and off all night; so the room was hot, then cold, then hot again. Plus, the light from the fire coming on would wake me up. When we went to get ready for our seminar in the morning, the show head (a rain head type) was broken so you had to stand directly under it (and on top of the shower drain) to shower. There was one small mirror in the bathroom, and one vessel sink, making it impossible for two people to get ready at the same time. And finally, the TV cabinet doors wouldn't stay open because the floors in the room were so un-level! No free wi-fi either. A small thing, but one of my pillowcases was on inside out!! As others have mentioned, the trains ran all night and woke us up several times, the room above us had an extremely noisy fan, or something, running on and off all night, and at one point my roommate was woken up by someone yelling. We visited the bar and were treated to a giant TV screen (10' or so wide) playing a nature film - featuring large animals (like wolves) killing small animals. What the heck is with that??!? This is no 4 star hotel! Priceline (and other auction sites) should put it in a 2 or 3 star catagory.