I stayed here during a large conference because it was one of the options for our conference rate. However, it turned out that the bulk of other hotel guests were cruise ship passengers with Royal Caribbean, which made for a loud atmosphere. Check-in was professional and fine, but when we got to our room, it smelled like old, sweaty socks or a boys' locker room. It was disgusting; clearly the effect of a problem with the ventilation system. We knew the hotel was sold out and didn't ask for another room as they wouldn't have been able to correct the problem. The smell never went away for all four nights of our stay. The rooms are dingy and old, with extremely dirty carpet. A major pet peeve of mine is the absence of power outlets on the nightstand; the Westin Seattle does not have these, making it difficult to both charge a phone overnight and use it as an alarm clock simultaneously. The hotel is convenient to downtown shopping and has great views, but is a bit of a hike to the Washington State Convention Center, where our conference met. I didn't mind the walk, but as it is mostly uphill, it would be a challenge for those with mobility issues. The 5th Avenue Cafe downstairs is great and a good value for hotel breakfasts - I had an omelet and hashbrowns for about $10 one morning and a bagel for about $3 on another day. The walls and doors are, as others have noted, paper thin and you can forget about sleeping in once the housekeeping staff start vacuuming. The Heavenly Beds were great as always, but we couldn't sleep much due to all the noise on our floor - you can hear ordinary conversations spoken at a normal volume level quite clearly through the walls. One final issue: the elevators do not have key card access, and we witnessed at least one homeless individual using the ice machine on our floor (35) to procure ice for her needs. I appreciate the charitable spirit of allowing others to use the Westin's ice, but it definitely made us feel insecure to see someone who was obviously not a hotel guest on our floor - it was clear that anyone could wander in at any time. Perhaps the Westin could reach out to the area's homeless community in other ways while better securing access to the guest floors.