My family and I stayed at your Seattle Westin hotel for two nights. Being owners at the Westin, Palm Springs location and having stayed at various Westins, we knew we were in for a real treat. Unfortunately, for this stay our experience was not so positive. Some of the basic services that we would expect at any hotel chain did not pan out for us. For instance, the safe did not work, the showers were tepid, and the elevators were extremely slow. On our check out day we waited half an hour for the elevator that never did arrive. We ended up having to walk down 4 flights of stairs with all our luggage and were not able to get out of the hotel due to the signage saying: emerengy, fire exit only. We reentered the hallway and phoned down to the front desk where they said they would send the service elevator to us. We waited 15 minutes for the service elevator and it still did not arrive? We finally found a different set of stairs that took us out to the Lobby? Some of the Westin luxuries that we have always received were also not followed through with: no bath robes, no glasses - the first night I had two glasses in my room, but the second night I was left with 4 paper cups - really no bottle opener - I was not able to keep it in the room as it was the last opener in the hotel according to person that delivered it to the room. Wow, 40 plus floors per tower and only one bottle opener, you may want to check into this. The first night we had enough coffee for each of us to have a cup the second night we only had one coffee pack? Again, the above mentioned items may appear small, but to top it all off I had to wait 10-15 minutes each and every time I wanted to use the elevator. The kids wanted to use the pool and we had to wait for the elevator. Once we arrived at the pool the water was ice cold and we never did go back to the pool. I am not a person that likes to complain, but Westin hotel did not live up to its reputation. I own a Westin time share in Mission Hills, California, and I know the standard of quality that is provided there. The Seattle Westin did not provide me and my family with this experience. I emailed the Hotel and have yet to receive a response.