Booked 2 nights here, one night at either end of a vacation. Stayed the night on a Friday before an early Saturday morning flight. Checkin was very good, staff at that point were simply great. Based on the reviews posted on here, I expected a great nights sleep with the raves about the new beds and how comfy they were. I am convinced someone who works at this hotel wrote those reviews!! The bed we had (queen) was new maybe, but hard as a rock. It hurt my ribs to lay on my side more than one minute...something I have never experienced...even when laying on a hard floor. Having been to numerous countries, I have experienced some pretty uncomfortable beds. This bed was by far...the worst. I believe what made it so bad, was the pillows they had. They felt like feather pillows...very soft to touch and squeeze. But place your head on it, and they went flat..very flat, stayed flat...felt like sleeping on a sandbag. I never did get to sleep. I gave up at 2:30 am...my body now racked with pain...as if I had been hit by a truck. Have never experienced any kind of bed that actually made my body ache and hurt from laying on it for that short a period of time. Went to the lobby to get a cup of their 24 hour coffee. It was indeed very good coffee...that part was great. Stepped outside the lobby doors to have a smoke, and heard the doors lock behind me. Wasn't sure why that was, but had my key, so no big deal. Watched in amazement as this kid (23?) comes running across the street and right up to the lobby door entrance where I am standing. In pursuit is a white mustang car with 2 thugs in it threatening to kill this guy. I honestly got spooked and decided to step back in and get out the way in case something happened. Guess what...couldn't get back in! No place to put your key and open the doors. Had to wait for the guy on duty to respond to open the door (slow as all heck!) and only after I had convinced him I actually had a room there??? Got brave again after the mustang and thugs took off, and the guy left the front of the hotel. Stepped back out to have another cup of that really good coffee with another smoke...had to calm my nerves! I'm halfway done with my coffee, when up walk 4 young guys...totally hammered. They just hung outside and smoked and joked about the night they just had. Turns out they were military...stationed in Hawaii...on leave I suppose? They were actually very nice guys...although very drunk. They decided to go into their room...again after a couple minutes of trying to convince the guy on duty behind the desk that the hotel keys they were showing were real...and for that hotel. They got about 7 or 8 steps toward the elevator when one of them turns and runs for the door to go outside again. Guess what's coming next?? Yep...barely got the door open, and he just starts puking all over the enrtyway of the lobby just outside the doors. Honestly hurled like for 3 or 4 minutes...a real mess to say the least. Sad to say...at this point I was amused. I began to wonder just what the heck kind of place was this I had booked a room...for 2 nights!! I managed to mostly step around the puke and get back in to the hotel...the night guy knows me by now and just unlocks the door without the formal proof of room rental there. I leave at 4am... FINALLY! I check out and head for the door with my luggage in tow... only to be greeted with this huge pile of puke that there is still no way to get around without having the ability to jump 8-10 feet with luggage in flight. I couldn't believe the lazy desk guy had not at least hosed the mess out of the way...it was a huge mess and he did NOTHING! I asked him how I was to get out without getting the puke on my shoes or luggage, and he simply rolled his eyes and went back into his little room off the back of the front desk. I couldn't believe it! Yes...I got puke on my shoes, simply no way around it without jumping over it....impossible with luggage. Did I mention I had booked a room there for the night after my flight returned....and had already paid for it? Yep I did. Got back into Seattle at 12:30am...dead tired. Even though it had been reserved, and paid for...I drove right on by without even thinking of spending the night there. You could not have paid me to stay there that night...or ever again. And no, I am not making one bit of this up...all true! And you guys that work there at this place...I know you read these reviews because we discussed the rave reviews about your beds at check-in...you really need to find some better night help if nothing else. The night being discussed here was 10-24-2008. All I can say is the coffeee was good.. ..but at $154 a cup in my case...it really should be good coffee!