I have stayed at this location several times and loved it - this has been my regular business and leisure hotel in Seattle for over 5 years, and despite them not having a bliss spa like some other Ws the staff and rooms have been great. Up to now. Something has changed and I don't know why. They seem to be resting a little too much on their laurels and are getting shoddy. The Acura service is still great, and the folks doing it seem to be on top of it- I wish they ran other aspects of the hotel. I am right in the target demographic for Ws so am not going to be one of those who complains that it is too dark/hip etc. I get and love the W concept, but this location has either become way too hip in its own mind, or has too many 20 somethings running the place and staying there on expense accounts. I Called down 3 times at 2 am one night to complain about the drunk kids running around and yelling obcenities in the hallways. The person answering the phone appeared to be amused. Perhaps so, but I think it is reasonable to expect some sleep at a hotel and ask security to take care of it. On two consecutive mornings requests for follow up wakeup calls were ignored. Rooms look dirty, dated and worn and show signs of previous guests. Stains on the carpet and the window seats. Scratches and sticky goopy material on wall (like coke or tobacco tried not to look to closely). Bathrooms dated and showers dripping and worn. After the reaction from staff to basic requests (like directions etc.) I just didn't bother trying to get any help - it was clear they didn't really care or want to be bothered with guest issues. All in all, this has been my go to hotel in Seattle for business for the last 5 years, but I will likely be moving elsewhere for the next visit. If you need a starwood property the sheraton and Westin are much more centrally located, and the Sheraton especially seems to be working hard at its customer service. The new staff at the W tries way too hard to be hip before tring to be helpful. Check out a few other Ws around the country and see how they get both of those elements right. There are much better values available in Seattle for the price point,