I stayed in Hotel Max for 2 nights from Mar 14 to 16 with my wife and 26 months old baby. My room was on the 5th floor. Seattle was the last stopover during my family's 13 days trip to Vancouver, Victoria Canada and Seattle in WA, and it became the last and the worst experience for my family's long waiting-for travel. I'm writing to let other travelers know about the bad service level at front desk and horrible amenities and facilities of Hotel Max. I have to mention first that there's just one thing that stands out for the Hotel...the location. It's 20 minutes walk to Space Needle and 15 minute's walk to Pike Place Market, so it gets credit especially when I don't want to drive to major attractions in the city center. However, beware of other factors that overweigh the hotel's merits. 1. I read some reviews that say the front desk is kinda funky. But, I would like to say that it's low quality and less professional. And, sometimes it's outrageous. The night before I checked in, I phoned to ask for two beds room rather than one bed room. The guy at front desk seemed busy and put me on hold in line. I waited several minutes and the line was disconnected. When I called back, front desk didn't apologize for disconnection and even giggled when I said the line was disconnected. I made a hotel reservation using one of hotel reservation sites, and, when I asked for two beds room, the front desk said there would be $30 more charge on the original bill, which is $15 per night. I pointed out that in every hotel I stayed before I had the right to choos between two beds room and one bed room. It was quite a hassle to talk about it. And, the front desk was not kind and professional enough in listening to my request on a bed type I prefer. When I said I can't understand the surcharge based on the type of bed, he finally said, "We probably could work things out when you arrive at the hotel tomorrow."... I phoned to make sure about the type of room I would stay, and I coulnd't believe what he's saying...It's hotel policy to hold out important decision until the guest arrives at the hotel?? 2. The guests who have this hotel in mind should be wary of poor amenities and room environment of this hotel. By the time I went to bed, I found that the heater in my room is really loud....Much Louder than you can imagine. I swear that my 2 year old baby and wife couldn't have a good sleep, and had to wake up many times because of loud droning of that Old Fashined Heater...!!...What's unbelievable is that we can't enter or dial a temperature I want for the heater, which made me wake up so many times at night to turn on and off the heater....Just imagine!...You wake up to turn off when the room is hot and wake up again to turn on when the room is too cold...Never expect any automatic system to adjust temperature... 3. What's more surprising was very small bathroom and Very Poor flushing of water.... we had to take every care so that the water doesn't drown out of the toilet. And, we had to pull the lever several times to flush the water...And, even though I found that it's already mentioned in another review, the bathroom is extremely small...I can't even stretch my arms on the bathtub.. I couldn't believe it's the room and bathroom of the 3 and 1/2 star rating hotel...Some good paintings in the room was interesting and creative I would say. But, too many photos on the doors and walls of hotel were rather distracting than attractive. Once again, beware of that old fashioned heater that prevents you from having good sleep and poor quality bathroom that disturbs you everytime you go in there. Once again, I should say the location of hotel is good. But, considering low quality level of front desk service and room amenities, I would never stay here again if I visit my sister in Vancouver again and have another opportunity to make a trip around Seattle area.