This hotel is trendy, clean, and decently located. The downside? For the price, it's not a great value overall--location is ok not great, below par service, noisey heat/cooling unit, expensive parking, much room-to-room noise, and hip decor misses the mark inside the actual room. To confirm other posts--the hotel caters to the youngish and conference crowds, has small euro-style bathrooms, and separate shower room/closet. My husband and I stayed there for three nights. If it had been a whole week, we would have changed hotels. It took a good 25 minutes to check-in with only two couples ahead of us. The sole front desk person apologized, and said it was the weekend so they only had a small staff (it was a Saturday). We were semi-ok with the answer, seeing that it's a small hotel and he genuinely was overwhelmed. Now, I will tell you a story that is not to be believed. My husband was locked inside the bathroom because the doorknob jammed from the inside (it kept rotating without catching). He was locked in the bathroom for 15-20 minutes, until I returned to the room and let him out. We visited the frontdesk and explained the problem. The response, "What room are you in? Oh, we told "them" to fix that, but I guess they didn't. We'll have someone attend to it." And, for the second time we heard, "It's the weekend so we're kinda short on staff." I like to think I am a forgiving person, but are you for real? A truly nice, responsible hotel does not KNOWINGLY turn over a room with a faulty bathroom lock that could leave its patron locked in his/her bathroom for an indefinite period of time. If our room was booked by a single traveler, they would have been stuck in that small bathroom until someone, presumably the cleaning crew, discovered her/him. Aside from that (hopefully unusual) occurance, our stay was ordinary which was a disappointment because you do get a good vibe when you enter the hotel lobby. My recommendation--save your money and go to a less swanky hotel or spend a little extra somewhere else. BTW - HotelMax should take a lesson or two from its Portland sister. We stayed at Max's sister hotel, Hotel DeLux, for four nights and it was not only cheaper, but also excellent.