This Saturday was Valentine's Day and I thought it would be romantic to stay at what seems to be an unbelievable hotel with my boyfriend. After my boyfriend worked a ten hour shift he was surprised when he was checking in that the front desk clerk refused to give him the room we booked because "it is 21 and older only". My boyfriend and I are both 19, and we have never had an issue booking a room while traveling. After an argument stating that we obviously did not know this prior to booking the hotel, he finally got the room. It was not stated on the Max hotel website, nor on any review websites did I browse prior to booking that the hotel 21 and older only. I would assume it was because of those infamous mini fridges that are jam packed full of heavily priced liquor, but you can lock those or just remove them. When I arrived to meet my boyfriend, he was extremely upset because he had to fight for so long with the clerk. I did not know this, so I smiled and said good evening! to the clerk, it was late and I am a waitress so I try to treat others in the customer service department kindly. I was surprised when the clerk gave me a dirty look, turned and starting walking away. He went to talk to another employee and I am assuming the things he was saying were uncalled for. I have worked in the hotel business and I personally have never seen such a thing. I was so appalled that a hotel clerk would be so rude, especially since we were staying in one of the most expensive rooms. I am not picky when it comes to hotels, to be frank. But that really infuriated me, and disappointed me as well. For a person who seems like they were in their mind twenties, it was such a lack of maturity. I was afraid to call in the morning and order breakfast because I did not want my food being spat in by the rude employee. Other than that employee, I did enjoy a few things. It was a perk to have such a wonderful and extremely comfortable bed. I was surprised to find the bathroom and shower both located in closet like rooms. I did not mind too much, but my boyfriend who was very upset about the argument with the front desk clerk did. The art work that was printed on every door was lovely too. I am not sure if I will ever come to this hotel again. Perhaps if new personal is hired, I may consider it in a few years. When I am 21 or older, ha.