On first glance this hotel looked like a wonderful bargain from Priceline. And, no doubt the price was better than if we had booked it elsewhere. However there were lots of issues. Let's start with the worst: the nice white throwpillows that Doubletree puts on each bed proclaiming the joys of a comfy night's sleep were covered with someone else's hair. Lots and lots of it. Bad enough that this was the case but these same pillows were resting on our bed pillows. Really gross and very unhealthy to boot. Our ground floor room was by chance for handicapped use. The architect must have been drunk since in order to reach the bath towels from the tub you had to clim,b out of the tub and walk across the bathroom. No place to hang a towel near the tub. Now, back to the pillows: the bed pillows were the composition of oatmeal.....mushy mushy mushy. I couldn't sleep and I believe that's the reason I was there in the first place. On our second night the used soaps were left for us and the shampoo and conditioner were not replaced. The conditioner, btw, at all Doubletree Hotels is virtually impossible to get out of the container so it's pretty useless. I would describe the hotel employees as polite and incompetent. We asked for replacement shampoo and it never came. Day two our newspaper didn't show up either. A loud humming noise in our room warranted two friendly but unhelpful visits from maintenance and the gentleman tried his best but eventually shrugged his shoulders and the humming noise continued for the duration. His equipment, btw, was substituting a wastecan for a ladder. He turned it over and stood on it. One other note, this hotel charges for inroom internet (which we never got to work anyway and wound up using the lobby's which was an enormous!!!!! walk from our room...the place is huge!!!) and $16/night for parking whereas every other place in the area provides free parking. Breakfast is also very pricey. Two bagels and coffee in the lobby were $11. without even a paper plate. Skip the Doubltree.