I ended up at this hotel when we were planning a last-minute trip to Seattle on a weekend that coincided with a big Microsoft conference, and every hotel downtown and on the East Side seemed to be booked. We have a small child, so we like to have a suite, and have stayed in Embassy Suites around Seattle, but this was the first time in the SeaTac Embassy Suites. The good: Our room was very spacious, and seemed reasonably clean. There was a small kitchenette in the room with a microwave and a tiny sink that we could use to wash & sterilize bottles. The bad: Extra charges everywhere. Yes, at all Embassy Suites the wifi is extra (which is lame in this day and age, but not unexpected for a hotel in the Hilton chain). But here, the parking is $8/day, despite having to park yourself in a huge lot that's never full. They wanted $15/day extra for each extra person, including the baby. When I asked why, since this isn't the case at any other Embassy Suites I've ever visited, I was informed that it's to cover their "complimentary" breakfast. Uh, at most Embassy Suites the complimentary breakfast is covered in the cost of the room, not extra -- and I can find breakfast for a lot less than $15/person in Seattle (and especially in Southcenter). And the baby eats my milk and sleeps in my Pack & Play on my sheet -- so why should I have to pay $15/day extra for her? Other bad things: No hot water in the kitchenette sink. In the end I had to move hot water to that sink using glasses and the bathroom sink (no one wants to wash bottles in a bathroom, or cold water). The TV doesn't get all the local channels -- if you want to watch, say, the Mariners game on that night, you can't, because the hotel doesn't get FSN. Also, be warned: SeaTac (more accurately for this hotel, Southcenter) is a sketchy area. There have been shootings at the mall, etc. You get a VERY mixed crowd at this hotel -- airport travellers who didn't realize this hotel was nowhere near the airport mixed with heavily tattooed construction workers. If the room could have been moved into a normal Embassy Suites, in a better area of town, this would have been a great value. As it is, though, I would only recommend it with reservations. If I have to stay at the airport, I'll stay at a nicer hotel close by the airport, not this place.