I was in town for a convention and I got a Friends & Family rate at the Hampton Inn Seattle Airport. Generally speaking, if I ever travel on a discounted rate, I turn a blind eye to things that a full rate paying guest might be upset by. However, I just couldn't help to comment on my stay at this hotel. This has got to be the worst Hampton Inn I have ever stayed at. The facility itself is alright. The housekeeping staff are absolutely wonderful. The rooms are clean and the breakfast meets the Hampton Inn standard. The check-in was very disappointing, it took an extremely long time. The agent did not seem to know how to use the computer program and needed assistance from her co-worker. She was clearly getting frustrated at the computer and communicating with her co-worker in a manner that I would consider unprofessional in front of a guest. I was asked what floor I would like to be on so I selected the highest floor. However, she failed to advise me that there was construction on that floor and my room was about 1 of only 2 rooms on the floor occupied and that all around me would be construction. I had to climb over construction debris just to get to my room...literally....CLIMB! The worst part was that it was late afternoon and I had a dinner engagement so I wanted to nap so I could rest up. Unfortunately, it was next to impossible as the sound of table saws and other construction noise could be heard all around. At the end of the day, all of the debris was cleared out of the hallway but the construction started early again the next morning. Lucky for me, I had to be out of the hotel early. What disappointed me however is that despite the debris being cleared out of the hall, there was still saw dust and bits of dirt right in front of my door! Nobody made an effort to even vacuum the entrance ways of the rooms that were occupied. As a result, I ended up dragging in saw dust into my room! Upon check out, nobody asked how my stay was and what frustrated me even more is that the agent automatically put all of the charges straight onto my credit card without reviewing the bill with me or giving me a choice of how I would like to pay. Typically, I find Hampton Inns to be very good but I was very disappointed with this property. To make matters even worse, I wrote a complaint to the property via the Hampton website. I got the general response from Hampton Inn customer service that the comments had been sent to management but I never heard anything from management addressing the issues that I raised. I will certainly not be staying at this property again, not even for a discounted rate!