Worst Resort I had book this vacation with sunquest saying that it is a 5 star hotel but its more of a 2 star.. I have stayed at many resorts and have gotten the worst experience at this resort. I don't even know where to begin... I got there with my family and the number of people that were staying there had to say it all.. probably 40 people were booked.. it was very quiet... Usually when you arrive at a resort they have a welcoming committee but we arrived to nothing. The Animation program was very poor.. the shows were just all dancing.. at other resorts it was more comedy and more interaction involvement with the guests staying there. The food is terrible.. there is no variety. It is basically the same this everyday... hamburgers, hotdogs. There is the pizzeria and a steakhouse which were alright.. yet they weren't open every night. Therefore you had no choice but to make your way to the buffet. At other resorts a snack bar was available during the day, yet there was none.. once lunch ended there was a bunch of starving people with nothing to eat. The management at the restaurant is needed to change.. I was hungry and eager to go to dinner which was suppose to start at 7:00pm. Yet I go there and they told me another 15-20 minutes because they were still setting up the buffet. The bar was not all inclusive.. there was a poor selection of drinks... otherwise you had to pay. The bar hours were ridiculous.. most resorts have 24 hour bar in the lobby.. but that had closed early. With the pool-side bar it was open very late in the afternoon. The towel service was terrible.. they are closed on Sundays.. and on weekdays you go there and its open for an hour then its closed.. or they have ran out of towels within the first hour and you are told to go to the lobby to get towels. The beach had glass and other shards in the sand where my foot got cut a bunch of times.. at other resorts they were constantly keeping the sand clean yet they did very little at this resort. The water had very big tides constantly, therefore little children could not enter. They had a lack of water sport activities offered unlike other resorts. The Dream resort was located right beside and was absolutely gorgeous... I would recommend to check that out and not make the mistake that I had made. It was a slow and boring week. If the service keeps up like this.. this hotel will be shut down very shortly.