mixed emotions Our April trip left me with many mixed emotions. Left Toronto with no problems. Flight was about 4 hours and Sun Quest provided an in flight movie  a hot breakfast. They ran out of headsets but I was able to use my i pod earphones and listen through one ear.The bus ride from the airport was about 44 minutes with speed of the bus driver. Upon arrival about 1:00 we were unable to check in until 3 o'clock so we went to the buffet for lunch and had a few beverages at the bar. I recommend bringing your swimsuit  some sunscreen in a carry on bag if you plan on arriving early. Lobby bar: very clean, marble floors, great bartender, no top shelf liquor. Bathrooms were clean and did have a clean shower in it.Buffet Restaurants: average at best. The best items were the omelets for breakfast  make your own pasta. We never had the desire to go up for seconds. Fresh fruit amounted to pineapple, watermelon  cantaloupe. Ice cream was very good, especially the chocolate. I didn't try the prune flavor.Steak house: Don't expect to get what is in the display case when you walk in. Your cut of steak will be much smaller  a lot less lean. First dinner at steak house: chicken wings..okay..it would have been hard to be as good as the wings we get in Buffalo. Caesar salad, one night good, next night not so good.Some made with very white iceberg lettuce and some with romaine lettuce. Rib eye steak...very fatty  thin slice. Baked potatoes were inconsistent some plates had a potato that was the size of a slat potato and others had average sized potatoes. The dressing the put on the potatoes was fantastic. They also give you a small piece of broccoli and a slice of zucchini  tomato too. They tasted find. The second night we opted for the less fatty sirloin. Very difficult to cut. Many people this evening sent their meals back or left and went to the buffet. The rib eye was much less fatty the second night.Italian Restaurant: We had the best luck here. The lasagna was very good.Pizza in the Italian restaurant was very good for lunch. Many to choose from. Pool: very nice. Be careful the stairs are very slippery. I took a spill on the first stair and landed right on my tail bone. Plenty of chairs were available and enough towels for everyone. Water was clean and warm. The pool bar was good  Henry can make a great boom boom  margarita. Drinks sure were not weak. A tip might have had an influence on the amount of alcohol you got.Take advantage of the 5 minute free massages that come around. They are wonderful. The hot tub was cleaned regularly but water was not hot. Just a bubbly tub. My daughter got her hair braided by the pool. Very reasonable. Three braids on each side of her head with beads cost $6.00 Frequently someone would come around with a monkey, a lizard or beautiful birds and take your picture with them. If you want to purchase a picture it cost $10.00. Beach: beautiful. Sand was very soft and light brown in color. Very clean on resort property. Waves were strong. They were great for body surfing. Don't plan on using a boogie board provided by the hotel. Some days it wasn't open to get and when you do get one they are broke into several pieces. I would have thought that the hotel would replace them when they break. They aren't that expensive. The water was a pretty blue except where the waves crashed on the beach and stirred up the sand. There were plenty of chairs on the beach to use. Don't expect to use the non-motorized sporting equipment. The water is too rough. They do not have any motorized water sports here. If you walk past Dreams resort I did see para-sailing.The rooms: awful. The beds were the worst. Hard  small. The sheets didn't even come close to fitting the bed. By the time morning came the sheets were in a big ball and you were sleeping o the mattress. I would bring your own full size sheets. I don't think you will have a problem loosing them. The maid didn't change the sheets once while we were there. Maid service was inconsistent. Some days there were no towels, other days anywhere from 2-5 towels. Water in the shower was hot and had lots of pressure. Beware if the power goes out there is no water. Beds are on rollers with no locks. Don't sit too close to the edge of the bed or you may end up on the floor. All rooms are at the back of the resort. Don't expect to have an ocean view. I would not keep your balcony door open. One day we saw a tarantula in the grass. It was dead but there must be more where that came from. Bugs  insects: never a problem. Didn't come home with any bug bits. They do spray daily. Sometimes the smell wasn't great but it was short lived and better than having the bugs.Entertainment: lame. Every evening there was a mini disco for the kids. It mostly attracted the 10 and under kids. No entertainment was provided for teenagers. In the evening there was a show every night, but it was mostly the same thing each night. The animation crew did their best to entertain but I don't think they had anyone to give them direction. They were on their own.Resort gift shop: $$$$ very expensive. They did sell a variety of soulviner items including t-shirts, key chains and other items. Candy bars were $2., Pringles chips $5. Sunscreen $20-$30. Bring everything you think you might need.Staff: Mostly friendly. Language was sometimes a barrier. Very few staff members knew English. Animation crew was very friendly. Alexander was the best. He had a great personality  mingled with the guests. That is much more than I can say for what appeared to the owners. They were very conceded.They didn't talk to any of the guests. The owners were walking out oft he Italian restaurant as I was walking and they didn't even hold the door open. They basically pushed their way through.Beware of the guy selling cigars. He is a hound.While we were there a group of travel agents came in for a seminar. While they were there the resort shut down the sports bar and moved the game tables to the lobby bar. What a show the resort put on for them while there were there. They even brought in an outside act for one of the nights of entertainment. Once the travel agents left the Steak house and the Italian restaurant were never open on the same evenings. The ice cream by the pool disappeared and the entertainment went back to boring. We did take a 20 walk to the shopping plaza. It wasn't worth our time. There are several vender's there but they all sold the same things. They all want to invite you into their home  be your family. You do have to barter with them. That evening some of the vender's were in the resort selling their goods. If I would have know that prior I wouldn't have take that adventure in the afternoon. Carri bean Festival: An excellent excursion. The afternoon flew by. Once you get onto the boat they take you to an area to snorkel in the sea. My son saw a small octopus. Later they took you to an area to swim with the nurse sharks  sting rays. I didn't think I would ever do something like that but I did and loved it. I do recommend bringing your own snorkel gear. I am sure they do not clean them. Adults were  78.  kids under 12 were free. You can purchase underwater camera's on the boat for $20.Overall I would not recommend this resort to anyone who thinks they are getting a 5 star hotel as they had advertised. If you book understating it is 3 star and they offer a 3 star price that is very attractive it may be worth you while. This is a good resort for a family with small children due to it's size. Definitely not a resort for a young couple that is looking for a lot of activity. Due to slippery surfaces throughout the resort when wet I wouldn't recommend this for older couples.