Colony Bay-the good, the bad, the ugly Let me preface this review by saying that we are seasoned travellers with a true understanding of the rating system and how it works. My hubby is 40 and I am not! We have been to Puerto Plata DR, Huatulco MX (x3), Mayan Riviera MX (x2), Jamaica, Bahamas, Panama, along with numerous other non-Caribbean destinations. We stayed at this resort from Feb 23-Mar 1 with 5 other couples. Some of the things I will touch on may seem small and you may think I am overly picky. I simply want to give a comprehensive review - sometimes....all the small things add up and negatively affects your vacation.ARRIVAL - arrived at 2pm. Room not ready but we were fine with this as check-in is not until 3pm. Had lunch, came back at 3pm, and room was ready. Room key is on a chain with a piece of wood that has the room number engraved on it. Very easy to fix...just remove the piece of wood and stash it away until you have to check out.ROOM - quality of workmanship in the room is very poor. Caulking and grout work is very poorly done. There is already mildew over the grout in the shower and I'm not sure why as there is a bathroom fan - maybe it's not vented to the outside? Accessories like soap dish and toilet paper holder are already rusted. The holes in the walls for the receptacles for wall plugs, thermostat, etc were made too big. Walls are very thin. I could hear the man in the next room cough, amongst other things. If it is a very windy night, put a towel against the bottom of the room door or it will bang and rattle. Beds are pretty comfortable but the sheets don't fit the bed - they are too short so, by morning, the bottom sheet is pretty much off the bed. There is a small flat screen TV with a variety of channels and the phones in the room now work. There is no clock so you may wish to bring a small travel clock. In spite of all the little things, we were one of the lucky ones. Leaking pipes seem to be in a lot of rooms and this problem was not unique to just our group. We heard from many other people that they had water problems. One couple we travelled with had water leaking from the bathroom ceiling almost every day and maintenance could not seem to do a permanent fix. Another couple we were there with had to be moved to a different room as the toilet apparently wasn't hooked up properly and backed up all over the room. Yet another couple we were with kept having their air conditioning break down.FOOD - average, just okay. There is a lovely pasta bar and I took advantage of this quite frequently. One woman said to me if there wasn't this pasta bar, I'd go hungry. Maybe a little over the top but, indeed, the food wasn't great. We've stayed at many RIU's, Grand Sirenis, Gala and I would consider their food 5 star and this resort, in comparison, would be a 3 star at best. I will say they do a lovely job on their Mexican-themed night. It was very tasty. Given the ownership is Italian, I would have thought their Italian night would be stellar....average only. We did not try out the steakhouse but the rest of our group did. Some liked, some did not. ALCOHOL - as advertised, only the domestic alcohol is included (mostly Normandy brand). It's not great but the bartenders can mask the taste with some pretty amazing drinks. The sports bar makes the best Chunky Monkeys! You can buy international booze at $5-7 per shot. STAFF - the resort's saving grace! From the grounds keepers, to the chefs, to the servers, to the bartenders, to housekeeping, etc. Almost every staff member we came in contact with was wonderful. There were smiles all round and they wanted to make our stay a pleasant one. The only exceptions were the Sunquest rep (who was replaced by someone else while we were there) and one gentleman at the front desk (see my comments under 'check out').BEACH - Sunquest advertises this as a white sand virgin beach. White sand it is not. It is a beige sand. But it is nice and soft. Unless you step on glass. I'm not sure why there is so much glass on this beach unless it is working it's way up through the sand. This would have been a vacant piece of land before the resort was built which probably had a lot of garbage dumped on it (this seems to be the norm in the DR on vacant land). By the end of each day, we had picked up and put into a cup anywhere from 5 to 15 pieces of glass - just in the immediate area around our palapa. It is very windy at this location so the waves are quite strong. We enjoyed body surfing..lot's of fun. If you are not a strong swimmer, be cautious and use your judgement as the flag telling you about water conditions went missing on day 2 and never returned. One young fellow (early 20's), got pulled under by an undertow and was being pulled out to sea - he managed to swim out of it by swimming parallel to the shore. Oddly enough, the waves weren't as big on that day as they were on other days.PALAPAS/BEACH CHAIRS/TOWELS - towel game is alive and well at the Colony Bay. We don't mind as we are very early risers when we are away and like to be up to watch the sunrise. We were therefore at the beach and choosing our palapa around 6am. My hubby would go with our mugs and get coffee and some pastries and we would watch the show. We watched many people from 6:00am onward put out their towels and leave for hours. The gentleman who is responsible for bringing down the towel cart at 6:30ish can be tipped to save a palapa for you. We had heard this from other guests and indeed we saw this in action. He had an assistant with him first thing and the two of them would wander around putting towels out on beach chairs/palapas around the beach and pool. One day we counted 9 bundles of towels at 5-6 towels per bundle that he put out for guests.POOL - nice size. In-pool loungers are lovely. They did have some trouble regulating the chemicals for a few days and the pool was quite murky for 2 days. I think they shocked the heck out of it at that point which is good but, if you have sensitive skin, you may end up with a rash on your skin everywhere your bathing suit touches it (folliculitis). I know I do! I'm sure Cortate cream will do the trick.AMENITIES, ETC - These are the following things that Sunquest and this resort advertises which are not available at this time: sailboats, minigolf, video games room, conference centre. The fitness centre is not air conditioned and there are only three machines, one of which did not work. The casino is made up of about 10 slot machines and one black jack table. I think there is also a hold 'em table but I never saw anyone there.CHECK OUT - this is where we had our only problem with a staff member. The fellow who checked us out (PM me if you wish to know who), tried to charge us for a long distance phone call that we never made. We kept in contact with our daughter via email (their internet prices are very good) and only used the phone once the whole week to call a couple in another room to give them a wake up call. This fellow became quite rude when I insisted we made no such call. I happened to see the owner in the lobby so I called him over. He said that yes I had made the call but it is no problem and I will not be charged. I very politely explained to him that it is a problem as I had made no such call and suggested he check his phone system.SUMMARY - to sum it up, Sunquest advertises this resort as a 4 1/2 star and the resort gives itself a 5 star. I don't believe this resort will ever be more than a 4 star at best. They would have to tear the place down and start over to improve upon the poor workmanship. We stayed at the Grand Sirenis in the Mayan Riviera shortly after it opened last year and it has 1700 rooms per side. The workmanship there was far better.If anyone launching the complaint or suit against Sunquest is reading this, please personal message me and I will give you my email as I definitely feel we should get a partial refund or travel vouchers for a future trip somewhere else. A month before we were there, this resort showed as fully booked. We met 3 couples there who live in our area that booked it only 2 weeks before they arrived and they paid $500 per person less than we did. We were told this is because many people pulled out due to bad reviews and Sunquest tried to sell it cheap just to fill the rooms.I'm sorry about being so long-winded but I felt very strongly about making this review as comprehensive as possible.