My father-in-law booked a suite for 4 of us, as he and his wife were flying out early Sunday morning. He figured it would be nice to let us essentially stay in seperate rooms so they would not wake us up from their moving about at 3 am. We checked in, and said there were indeed 4 of us staying in the suite. We pulled out the sofa and to our surprise the bed was not made up! I called the front desk and they advised me that the bedding should be in the closet. This was a shocker to me. I have worked in a number of hotels doing house keeping, and have NEVER seen a hotel skimp on making up the pull out couches. It was increadibly un-professional, the thought guests, paying for a room and having to make up their own bed or even having to ask for someone to do it is compleatly lazy on part of the hotel. Not to mention, knowing there were 4 people in this suite, it should have been at least done prior to us arriving IN the suite. Bad planning on the hotels part. We started to make up our bed, and discovered how disgusting it is. It was very uncomfortable and had holes in it! Paying customers saw this!!! I have a bad back and my father-in-law has recently had shoulder surgury. This bed was no good for any of us. We did complain to the night manager about this unsatisfactory room, and she offered to move us to the next suite. Same issue. We decided to just stay in the same room.. She sent for a cot to be brought up, and this was much more comfortable. the front desk staff should have acknowledged this from the get go. The pull out couch is crap-at least be honest about it! It would have saved some face. The manager also offered us breakfast in the morning. We obviously said ok, even though it didn't really make up for the experience. Next thing, we all lied down to go to finally go to bed. My husband and I decided to sleep in the entrance room of the suite and very quickly discovered how noisy it was! The vent was really loud and we could hear the elevator. It was awful mechanical sounds all night. We decided it would be easier to sleep with the tv on and have that noise rather than the mechanical buzzing. In the other room you could still hear the vent but the elevator was a little more muffled. The tv helped for sure and we fell asleep.