My husband and I stayed at this hotel just to get away for a quick vacation, not far from our home in the States. This hotel leaves a lot to be desired. Our room was nice, roomy and clean with plenty of storage space. It is directly across from the Bell Center, which is ideal for hockey lovers there to see the game. We weren't, but enjoyed watching from afar everyone coming and going. There were no other highlights to the hotel. The staff was OK. The hotel photos made it appear nicer than it really was. The room service menu for breakfast was very limited. There were no egg dishes, waffle, pancakes, potatoes, or breakfast meats. For several days that we had room service for breakfast we had bagels with salmon and cream cheese, french toast, coffee and a glass of orange juice. Just about everyday, room service forgot to bring something, whether the water or cream cheese. It was so frustrating having to call down everyday to have them bring something they forgot. It was like clock work. Also on the menu was yogurt, cold cereal and a fruit dish. That was about it. There is only one restaurant in the entire hotel. The one evening we were going to dine there, we were advised we couldn't because a private party was being held there and it was off limits to hotel guest. We were advised we could order room service from the restaurant menu. Instead we asked the desk attendant to recommend a restaurant in the city. We followed her recommendation . The food was okay but it was way, totally overprice for what we got and the food was just okay. The service was slower than molasses. The fitness center is good for two people. It's very small, but has sufficient equipment. If more than two people are there, it's uncomfortable, as it's so tiny. There is only one large mirror that two people can fit in front of at one time. There is a nice swimming pool and sauna, with an outdoor hot tub in the hotel. Skip the facial. It's so totally not worth the money. I had a facial and opted for the collagen mask. The aesthetician was a very young girl named Maria. She cleansed my face, put some serum on it, massaged my face for a mere MINUTE, put the mask on and left me there for twenty minutes. She returned, said I was done and charged me $136.00. I've had many a facial in my days and this was by far the absolute worst. A complete rip off. Don't waste your money. You could give yourself a better facial or get one someplace else. Beware! This hotel was nothing to write home about and I would not recommend it to anyone accept a hockey enthusiast there to see the game at the Bell Centre across the street. This hotel offers nothing, but a nice room. Years ago, we stayed in the Marriott champlain. It was a much nicer experience. The food and spa treatments were excellent. How I wished I had stayed there again instead of Le Crystal. You could do better.