Let me start by saying that I have realized a flaw in how this site works. At the time I booked this hotel it was rated the #22 hotel in Kissimmee. I read all of the reviews good and bad. I read where people said the rooms are small and others said it was ok, I read how the pool was dirty and others said it was fine. I just spent an entire week here @ the Destiny Palms Hotel and I have realized this is probably the best worst hotel in Kissimmee hence why it has so many positive reviews. Let it be known that you always get what you pay for, I am always looking for a deal and I thought I found it with this Hotel, coming in much cheaper than other hotels in the same class with similar amenities. Lets start with the problems. On the day we arrived we were offered a choice of 3rd floor room or 1st floor room. Based on the reviews I chose the 3rd floor (room 320), less likely to have pests and away from the breakfast area. This was a positive choice as there were no pests in the room the entire trip. When we entered the room we realized that we didnt rent a hotel room we rented a walk in closet. Let me tell you that the room is small, do not take this lightly as in all hotel rooms are small, how bad can it be? There is NO CLOSET in the ENTIRE room. In a rough guesstimate this room is about 250sq ft including bathroom. The room is DIRTY. There are many many stains on the headboard, none of the counters were wiped down, everything is covered in dust, and the two chairs are covered in stains. A toaster oven isnt really a great appliance and I would have preferred a microwave, but I knew this coming in. Now this being a small room there is a small armoire in the corner where you can hang a few garments of clothes and there is two small dresser draws in the bottom, I ended up living out of my suitcases which sat one on a dirty chair and another sat on a small table that housed a small coffee maker. My wife lived out of her suitcase, armoire, nightstand, and other miscellaneous draws. Also there is recessed lighting above the bed which is falling out of the ceiling. Next I went in to inspect the bathroom Small is an understatement, Ive had bigger bathrooms on a cruise ship! When you open the shower door (which opens out) you have a couple inches of clearance with the toilet. When you get out of the shower you are going to be cramped with the sliding door closed youd be lucky if you could even turn around. Later in the trip around day 6 some black mold developed in the shower towards the ceiling. The exhaust fan was so loud it would have woken the dead. Next lets move onto the bed. The bed is a king size bed with sheets that clearly do not fit. The maid crew can make them fit when they make the bed, but as soon as you lay on it the sheets come off from the corners and you end up sleeping on the mattress during the night. The comforter was also stained. There is an ironing board on the wall, with an iron. The ironing board yup you guessed it, also stained. The pool was extremely dirty and not use-able; there were all types of leaves and sticks in the bottom with algae growing. The pool had not been cleaned in what looked like months or weeks. The maid service what a joke. They did not vacuum the entire time we were here. The only thing they did was replace dirty towels and make the bed. They never wiped down the counter, cleaned anything, replaced the sheets, nothing. Possibly the worst housecleaning service I have ever had in any hotel. I mean there is mold growing in the bathroom on the 5th night. On the night before we left they didnt clean our room until 5:00pm. On the 6th night someone was checking into the room right next to us at about 1:00am. Either they were just loud movers or the walls are paper thin. Also many parents letting their kids run up and down the hallway all hours of the night laughing and slamming doors. This isnt really the fault of the hotel, but they should take notice of such acts and act accordingly. On the first day after we were tired by the flight and wanted to relax, so we went to turn on the flat panel TV. Of course it was unplugged. So I plugged it back into the wall outlet (which was hanging out of the wall and was not secured at all). We turned the TV on and it was on for about 5 min and shut off. I turned it back on, and started changing the channel; at that point the TV locked up and emitted a loud screeching sound. We unplugged it and called the front desk they suggested trying it again which I did and it turned off again. Then they said the property manager would come up to inspect the TV. He again turned it off and back on. This as you can probably tell had no effect. It took the property manager about 8 hours to get us a new TV, and this one too had a problem with the volume. It goes up and down at random unless you put it in mono mode which you have to do every time you change the channel. Now I knew what was on the continental breakfast due to previous reviews but, I had no idea that the bagels would be stale, the muffins were so moist they were wet, the hard boiled eggs over cooked, the room was over crowded and dirty. Other little problems that I noticed that didnt affect my stay but may affect an others were there is a screw in the wall protruding from the wall and it is painted. Not sure why they never took it out or put something there but a random painted screw protruding from the wall could be dangerous. There was a hole in the wall that was filled with toilet paper. There were two metal hanging hooks on the wall up high left of the TV that use to hold something. There are pencil markings on the wall behind the TV, an obvious failed attempt to make things straight. I would never stay here again. I would much rather take my chances with a lower rated chain hotel like a quality inn or something similar. All those looking to stay somewhere inexpensive in Kissimmee should look elsewhere!