To Whom it May Concern:  I am writing to you over a few concerns we had at our recent stay at your Secrets Maroma Beach Resort. We have had the pleasure of staying at a number of Preferred Hotels in Ottawa, Toronto and Vancouver. We had expected the same level of excellent service when we booked to go to the Secrets Resort. This was the first real vacation we have had since 2005, so we were really looking forward to getting away. We arrived at Cancun airport on Saturday February 25th 2012 and waited 45 minutes for our shuttle to the hotel. Only after I approached one of the staff at Best Day did we get on to the shuttle. We arrived at the Secrets Resort. It was all the photographs promised: beautiful, private, and immaculate. We were guided to the reception hall after the bell captain could not find our names on the list of arriving guests. The check-in clerk also had great difficulty in finding the reservation, but after 20-25 minutes discovered we were in the Preferred Club. We were then whisked by golf cart to the Preferred Club where we were handed over to Sophie. She welcomed us giving us a warm facecloth and a glass of sparking wine. She did not have our reservation, nor our welcome package ready. She eventually found our reservation and remarked that we had a swim-up room (as we had booked) but it was not on the oceanfront (as we were promised). She then told us that there was a room like ours on the oceanfront starting on Sunday but it was $200 more per night. Alternatively there was a Master Suite (without the swim-up) also available on Sunday at an additional cost of $200 per night. For the extra $1200 we also received a free romantic dinner worth $250. When we said we would have to see the room she pulled up the photos from your website. We said we needed to look at the room to make the decision, she said it would not be available until Sunday for viewing. We said we would wait. She insisted that if we wanted this much better room (implying the $7,000 we had spent for the current room was for a less than desirable set of accommodations), we had to act now. At this point all we wanted was to get to our room and have a wash having been in transit for 10 hours. Sophie again said that she could not guarantee the better rooms, we said that was fine and if we were interested we could decide on Sunday when the rooms were available. She said she would make a note on our file that ?we had been offered the new rooms? which we found strange. It was if she had to check a box to indicate that she had tried to up-sell us. We found this a bit disturbing. Before we were given our keys she said we needed to see Roberto about the special offers and hotel credits we had been given. Our concierge Roberto arrived at the same time and we decided to wait on seeing the other Roberto. The concierge showed us the room, which was lovely. When he opened the patio door all you smelled was cigarette smoke. Your literature and website both state the Resort is smoke free. This is not true. Roberto explained that people were allowed to smoke in public spaces (around the pool, on the restaurant patios and on their patios/balconies). You need to change your brochures and website on this issue as people with allergic reactions to cigar or cigarette smoke would feel safe at your resort and that is not the case.  Roberto (not the concierge) called about 20 minutes after we got into our room to say we needed to come down to see him as he had $400 in hotel credits for us and he would need both of our signatures. We said we would try and see him on Sunday. Sunday we received a note from Roberto saying he would be in until 2 on Sunday. We did not meet with him until Monday. Roberto started by asking if we were enjoying our trip and we said yes. The resort was beautiful and the beach was incredible. He said he would be able to make it even better with $400 of hotel credits (having travelled with Oceania Cruises and having had shipboard credits we expected them to be the same). The hotel credits were in fact not credits, but a set of 10-15% coupons, which we discovered 20 minutes into Roberto?s sales pitch. We could use them in the spa for a massage, which we discovered retailed for over $250 and we would be able to use a $40 credit here. Or we could use them for the romantic dinner (again $40 off a $250 meal). Or we could use them for wine off the wine list. Your Santa Margherita Pinot Grigio listed at $66 sells here in Canada for $21 and $16 in the United States. So if we like we could get $10 an egregiously overpriced bottle of wine. Roberto was not done yet with the free offers. He had a special offer on a 2-night 3-day stay for only $149. There were two catches; one we had to book through Roberto and second we had to sit through a 20-minute presentation over breakfast. Roberto specifically said we should book through him as our travel agent had taken 30-40% of the $7,000 we had paid as her fee. So if we booked directly with him we would not be ripped off. When we said we were not interested he upped the offer and said if we sat through the presentation we would get $200 of hotel credits on the next vacation. We said no and the offer got better we could have $100 of hotel credits at the Secrets Maroma. We again declined. He said finally ok, but if we changed our minds would we promise to book through him as opposed to another at the resort as he would receive credit for the sale. We came away very disturbed by both interactions with your staff: Sophie and Roberto. It seemed that part (a large part) of their job and compensation was based on up-selling to their customers. We felt that being part of your Preferred Club was tantamount to being set up for constant sales pitches. That is not why we came to your resort. At your other hotels the staff is there to make your stay as pleasant as possible. They are not on commission to get you to buy services; therefore their motivation really is the welfare of the client. The same cannot be said when you put your staff in a position where they are required to sell, they have mixed motivations and the client is short changed. While at your resort we received a daily newsletter detailing the activities available. On Tuesday the Bordeaux restaurant was offering a tasting menu with accompanying wines. It was in benefit of the Save the Children Fund. We booked two tickets for a total of $80. We had eaten at the restaurant the night before and looked forward to the evening. We often head to Montreal to enjoy the tasting menus at Toque and Europa, so we had an idea what a tasting menu with accompanying wines entailed. The tasting menu at Bordeaux was not a tasting menu, rather a set menu of 4 courses. It was not significantly different from the regular menu. In fact I had to order the onion soup and filet, as I was unable to eat the seafood on offer. When asked about the accompanying wines we were told they were the same as the regular wine we had the night before. I was furious, but we decided not to make a seen and felt that in effect we had made a donation to the Save the Children. At this point we just felt that coming to the Secret?s Resort was a mistake. This feeling was compounded. I decided to write to your General Manager Gino Autiero with my concerns. I spent a good thirty minutes Wednesday morning hand writing and composing the letter you have now received. I hand delivered the four-page letter to the concierge in the Preferred Club. He asked for my room number, he wrote it on the front. He promised to deliver the letter to Mr. Artiero. We never heard anything from him. I thought he would have had the decency to at least to call us to discuss things. He did not and we left with a very bitter taste.