Ok, let me first start by saying that this was our second time staying at this resort, and our third time at a Secrets property, so we're pretty familiar with what we should be getting. My husband and I had stayed at Maroma for our honeymoon last May 2010, and I was able to write an absolutely glowing report from our stay. This time, things had declined quite a bit in my opinion. First, I wouldn't advise ever going in October. We figured it was the last week of their "rainy season" so how bad could it really be? We got hit with Hurricane\Tropical Storm Rinna, so it rained every day with only a few patches of sun. I realize that nobody can control the weather, but it still sucked. I will say that the staff did their best to clean up and remove as much of the standing water as possible. This is an all-inclusive so you would expect drinks to be flowing...well not during a storm like the one we had. Apparently, Mexican law states that they can't server ANY alcohol during a hurricane??? Granted it only lasted for one day and night, but you're still paying for something that you're not getting. Now, because it is their rainy season, I would advise spraying layer after layer of bug repellant on because you'll get eaten alive. I have, and I'm not exaggerating, at least 30 mosquito bites (most of them welts) on my legs, arms, sides, etc. It got to the point where I didn't even want to put on a bathing suit because my legs (that I painfully got waxed especially for this trip!) just looked horrible. I think my husband killed about 10-12 of them in our room in just one night! Also, be extremely careful when walking on wet floors. When the marble or tile floors that they have all over the resort get wet, they are very slippery. I fell twice...once was on the elevator, I was wearing rubber soled flip flops, and you couldn't even tell that the floor was wet. This didn't effect us, but because of hurricane Rinna, several airlines had cancelled flights, so people had to arrange to stay at the hotel longer than expected. One couple we met there was forced to stay an extra two nights because of the storm, and Maroma was going to charge them almost $500 a night! They argued because the "hurricane rate" was only $99, but by the time they found out that their flight was cancelled, the storm had been downgraded to a "tropical storm" and the rates were raised. Unreal. We had asked if there were any upgrades available since we were returning guests, and we got put on the third floor instead of the first. Of course the day we went to check out, the elevator in our building wasn't on, so we had to carry our own suitcases down three flights of stairs. Also, since we didn't book a preferred club suite this time, I'm sure we got a building that was not as well maintained. The water pressure was terrible, and the shower temperature would never stay consistent. I don't remember ever having that problem during our previous stay (which was in a preferred junior suite). The "do not disturb" light means absolutely nothing to the housekeeping staff. We had left it on to run to breakfast because we wanted to put on our swimsuits when we got back, and housekeeping was in our room. By the time we got out to the pool, it had started raining. Also, make sure your safety lock is on because we were still packing the day we checked out, and they didn't even knock...they just tried to come right in. Honeymooners beware...you have been warned! The "Unlimited" travel package that they push on you when you first check in is ridiculous. We only did it to get the $200 spa coupon, but it's soooo not worth it. They tell you in the pitch that if you say no, they won't nag you, but they lie. We were pestered about why we didn't want to plunk down $15,000 right then and there...yeah, that's how much it costs, and they are extremely hesitant to tell you that. Also, they won't give you time to even think about it...you have to decide right then and there, and hand over a credit card. Run away!!! We were told it would only be 90 minutes, and we ended up having to stay for at least two hours. I almost got up and said keep your coupons, just let me leave. Horrible! The food was wonderful the first time we went to Maroma. This time, it was so bad that I couldn't eat some of it, and someone we met at the resort got violently ill after eating a late afternoon snack. The food around the pool was consistently not cooked all the way (I heard this from several people - chicken was pink or raw in the middle, pork wasn't cooked at all, etc.). The last night we were there, I had ordered beef tenderloin, and it was so incredibly salty and disgusting that I couldn't get it down. It wasn't just on the outside of the beef either...it was salty all the way through. It's salty to preserve it longer, which makes me think that I got a very old piece of meat. Bleh. The only really good meal was breakfast at the World Cafe. The coffee place next to the "disco club" was really good too. I can't complain too much about the spa, and we had set up appointments for the day of the hurricane, so that worked out well for us. The one day we got to go to the beach it was nice, but Bermuda's beaches are better in my opinion. All that said, I will not be going back, and I'm very sad about that because it's where we had our honeymoon last year. There was just a major decline in quality from the salty food, all the way down to the lumpy pillows and thousands of mosquitoes in the rooms...it was just bad.