This was a message that I sent to the AMRESORTS. I didn't pay attention to the negative reviews but I made a mistake, so big that my honeymoon was ruined!!! BEWARE of this resort!!! Hello, You disappointed me on my most important vacation of my life, the honeymoon. I had very high expectations and I was very excited to spend my honeymoon at Secrets Maroma Beach but you did not deliver. From check-in to check-out I had a much lower-class treatment than expected. I booked my room a swim-up suite in a preferred club and check-in was fast but our room was not ready until 3 hours after we arrived in the resort. I called the restort 2 days in advance to let them know that I will be there for my honeymoon and told them to prepare the room, I also told the check-in person that this was our HONEYMOON!!! and they did not do a single thing to the room, not even a banner!!! As I was walking to my room I was seeing honeymoon banners on doors and when I got to my door there was NOTHING!!!So my wife looks at me like an idiot and says Well, I guess this is not special. When we got in the room our luggage was not there and we had to wait for our luggage to arrive for another hour. At this point I got aggravated and called in the front desk and told them that I just got here but I want to leave this resort as soon as possible!!! I want to know about cancelation policy!, then they transferred me to some manager-supervisor who after a few minutes came down to the room and said she will try to take care of everything and make my stay better. She promised me, and she did not deliver as she did NOTHING for the rest of our stay! One day just to make the stay a little more special I took matters on my own hands as I went up to the concierge and tipped the guy just so he could at least do a cheesy turn down service one evening, which of course my wife was like oh, now they decide to do somethingwhen were leaving??. In my mind I said Well they werent going to do anything but the dollars made it happen. This was a mess up that I will find very hard to forgive secrets for. Overall the resort was mediocre. The wait staff is great as they try their best to make you feel comfortable and of course they work hard so they deserved every single tip I gave them. They went out of their way to bring me food and liquor. Based on my experience with Secrets I will never go back there, ever again!!! I paid a premium price for low treatment!!! By having managers lie to me!! The worst trip ever and the worst thing is that it was my honeymoon and you messed it up!!! SHAME ON YOU! Just wanted to share this with you, if you care to listen.