My husband and I have been to many nice hotels and resorts and were hoping Secrets Maroma would be something special but it was not. Although the facilities were clean and very well appointed, there was an overall sense of faux elegance about the place. For instance, while the restaurants were nice to dine in, the food itself tasted very mediocre. Presentation was appealing, but the dishes had too much going oneither over-seasoned or just too many ingredients for one dish. I will say that breakfast was nice in the World Caf because there were lots of choices, and, lets face it, its difficult to screw up an omelet. Anyone considering this place should be advised about food poisoning. My husband became terribly ill on our second day. I had to get a doctor to our room. Turned out the doctor could barely speak English. She did get us what we needed, but my husband spent the entire vacation recovering and both of us were then very careful about what we ate. Anything freshfruit and raw vegetableswere eliminated from our diets. We suspect that it was some fruit he ate at breakfast that was the culprit. I did speak with the operations manager about the food poisoning. He saw how ill my husband was but never bothered to follow up with us the next day to see how he was doing. He also told me that my husband was the only person out of the 800 there that had been ill. Sure. We met others who had similar experiences. Aside from the manager, the other staff were very friendly and helpful. I will say that the beach is one of the nicest I've seen in Mexico. For those who like to work out while vacationing, running outdoors is your best option. The fitness center is very small and the three elliptical machines were always occupied as were the two of the three treadmills that were operable. The spa is very, very nice. I had an OK pedicure and a wonderful massage. We both had done the usual tours (Chichen Itza, Tulum) on past trips, so this time went to Coba. Its an amazing place. We climbed to the top of the pyramid and were delighted with the spectacular view of the jungle canopy. Overall, Mexico has declined. This was our last trip there. There are officers everywhere with their fingers on triggers of machine guns. Although we werent fearful, it is unsettling to realize how out of control the country is. Add to that the joke of airport security, and that was enough for us. We will not spend another dime in that country.