My husband and I spent a ridiculous amount of hours researching our trip. We were expecting perfection and ended up disappointed. We spent our maximum allowance on vacation and that made it even worse. We chose this resort because of free golf and a great beach. The "free golf" ended up costing over $250. More on that later. I'll start with a couple positives. Take a $20 taxi trip to 5th Avenue in Playa Del Carmen-25 minutes away. This place has shopping, character, and it feels safe. This can take just a few hours, it's worth it. Also, the room service menu was good-very Americanized. Day meals were the best. The evening meal was supposed to be fancy. But taste was okay. We had a non-private transfer and it was fine. I actually enjoyed looking at other hotels and it didn't take that much longer. FYI: This hotel is definitely inhabited by American, caucasion, couples. This is over 95% of the clients. This is not a hotel for singles or party people Now for the negatives. I should stress that we were expecting the best of the best so any flaw was noticeable, so here goes. You don't see photos of the outside of the building. It's because it looks like a concrete industrial building. I was asked for my credit card when we registered and they charged $5000 to my credit card to cover incidentals while we were there. I thought this was supposed to be all-inclusive. I questioned the lady and got no real response. I pondered this all night. The next day my husband went back to the front desk and got the $5000 credited back to my card. Come to find out it was pesos, but it did not say that anywhere. (I am keeping the receipt just in case). We paid $600 for 5 nights to upgrade from a partial ocean view to an ocean-view. Plus I received an upgrade for being an IPrefer Member. Well with 2 upgrades I would still only call this room a partial ocean view. This really stinks. If an ocean view matters to you, prepare to be disappointed. Most of the partial ocean view rooms have no ocean view at all. The shower was clogged. The tub took 30 minutes to fill. The landscaping is fine if you know nothing about landscaping. Way too much concrete-you'll see. Turndown service was promised nightly and done once (the bed was made if that's what their talking about). 1 carnation on the bed when we arrived-no other flower petals, baths drawn, or towel animals like you see on-line, even though they knew we were celebrating our anniversary. No bathroom privacy at all. I could hear my husband doing his business! Toiletries weren't worth taking home. Hotel photos show it is secluded on the beach. Not true. The Catalonia butts right next to it. There is an entire string of buildings to the North. And on to the beach. It was fine. Nice sand,pretty blue water, but it lacked character. There is no way this is the best beach. Sometimes there weren't waiters on the beach as advertised. They came through just once with a snack when we were on the beach. The weather was fair at best and people were bored!!!! If it would have rained the staff would have done the "rainy day activities", instead it was just overcast with nothing going on. At one point I told my husband that it was like an over-medicated nursing home. It was so peaceful that it borderd on somber! The background music relaxed you so much, it would put you to sleep. And I should stress we are NOT party people. The reserving of pool chairs is OUT OF CONTROL. Secrets has to take care of it!! Staff would say "welcome home" , but they rarely meant it. Service was fine, nothing exceptional. I asked for a frozen drink at dinner and was told this was not a bar! I like the frozen, girly drinks and they are made with pre-mixes and not fresh fruit juices. Disappointing to me! Generous with the alcohol, though! The wine tasting had only 2, yes two, wines. It was a joke. Everyone was so bored that double the amount of people showed up for it. They actually turned people away. Long- distance to St. Louis cost almost $5 a minute. This is very steep compared to other resorts. We were shocked when we checked out! I mentioned golf earlier. The free golf is crazy expensive if you're expecting free golf. The best/cheapest deal for golf was $180 at Playacar for my husband to golf, me to ride only, cart, clubs, round-trip transfer from hotel, and it did include all drinks and food. Don't choose this resort if your doing it based on the claim for free golf. Look elsewhere. Our concierge couldn't answer any of our questions. My husband had to research on-line and call the golf courses on his own. She was really clueless. Okay, you've heard all the great things from the other reviews and I still think this resort is okay. But lower your expectations and maybe you won't be disappointed like we were. When you advertise perfection, we were paying for and expecting perfection. I know this sounds harsh and picky. Oh yeah, we were the only ones we saw tipping at the resort our entire 5 night stay! We tipped because we always had at other AI resorts.