Secrets Maroma is a very nice looking resort, while the layout could be better it is still good. We went with a group of 10 people, mostly couples. Everyone knows how amazing the beach is but i wanted to focus on some thing that not only our group thought could make it a GREAT resort. I understand that this resort is catering to honeymooners, realistically pretty much all "Adults Only" are doing the same. To give some perspective, this is our 3rd year in a row going to mexico. Last year we stayed at Excellence Riviera Cancun, and the year before we stayed at Aventura Spa Palace. I think that Secrets Maraoma is on an amazing stretch of beach but they are not using it to its full potenital. Putting a sexy lounge on the beach that is open all night serving drinks like Excellence would be amazing on this beach. Im not talking a place with loud music that would annoy other guests that want quite at night. Im talking about a nice chic lounge on the beach with some beach beds, where you can take in the sounds of the ocean and enjoy some cocktails. Which brings me to another point is that there needs to be more bars at this resort for night time. You have the lobby bar which is nice then.....???? Yes you have the disco but it was always empty and then the Stars bar but you only go there if you wanna see the shows that night. Give guests some more choices. At Excellence you have atleast 4 bars to choose from at night including one of the beach and sing along bar. The "Sports Bar" got to go!!!! If you expect to be a 4 or 5 star resort and that is what you call a sports bar???? A sad looking pool table and darts 5 feet behind that, everything so close and so CHEAP. At Aventura Spa Palace they had pool tables in the lobby near the dining. Which was great to shoot some pool before dinner or afterwards while you have a drink. And they were very very nice pool tables, not the cheap things Secrets owns. The pool area is very small compared to the other resorts and should cater to people who want activity, with music and games. It was quite at times. The beach is where i will go if i want quite time. But we like to have the best of both worlds while on vacation. At Aventura they had a ping pong table near the pool which we liked a lot, and both resorts would have tournaments. This resort has a TON of potential, they just have to utilize their facilities better. If nothing else, add some more bars please, ones that are open past 5pm. And add a pool table in the lobby ( a nice one!) On the postive side the beach is second to none. The rooms are very very nice ( put some charis and small table for room service though) Food was excellent. Staff was amazing....tip them good! they deserve it and only make 5 dollars US a day. I will recommend this hotel to a friend/return myself once changes are made.