I did tons and tons of research before deciding to book with Secrets Maroma Beach for our Honeymoon. We booked a Preferred Club Ocean View for 5 nights. Upon arrival, we were carted around to a separate place/lobby for private check-in. It went smoothly and we were in our room in no time. The room was nice and very clean and met our expectations. However, we sat there for 1.5 hours waiting on our luggage to be brought around from the main lobby. After 2 phone calls to our concierge, we finally got our luggage and could go out and explore the resort. The resort is nice and clean, but the landscaping is subpar. I expected more. The beach however, was truly amazing. This is the main reason we booked here  we were looking for a super nice beach and we definitely got that! Little to no seaweed, clean sand, no waves, etc. The food here was also really good for the most part. Meat was always cooked to temp, but the sauces couldve been better. I compared them to a Lipton sauce! And the seafood was the worst part  which was sad :( They sat up different lunch and dinner buffets outdoors at the pool area, which we enjoyed. And the Preferred Club always had snacks out if you wanted something rather than having to wait on a meal. (don't waste your money on preferred club status though - anyone can walk right into that lobby at any time and eat or drink). The AC broke the second day we were there. Not good. Because of this, we had to sit outside for dinner the second night, and I got eaten ALIVE by mosquitoes. I had at least 15 bites on me from one dinner and continued to get bitten the entire trip. AND MAN DID THE BITES ITCH! Later that night, the AC was finally fixed, but our room was still hot. We called our concierge (Carlos in bldg 16) at least twice (no return phone call) and after 2 more calls to the front desk, someone finally came 2 days later to look at our AC. They adjusted some vents and said we should be good to go. The AC went down to 74, but never got any cooler and we had it set on 65. We were super hot in our room. And everywhere in the resort never felt cool to us. Terrible AC system. Were from North Carolina, so were used to heat  but we love our AC! We booked a snorkeling trip from the resort one of the mornings. We were due to leave at 10, so at 8:15 we ordered room service for breakfast. They told us it would be to us in 35 minutes. OVER an hour later, we still didnt have our food. We called our PREFERRED CLUB CONCIERGE (who was not there, so we were directed to someone else) to see what happened and we were told they lost our order, so we left for snorkeling without eating breakfast. When we returned 1.5 hours later, our food had been placed in our Secrets box. The spa was one of the good parts. We did a couples hot stone massage and loved it. However, if the AC worked better in the resort, it wouldve been even better! Also, they have do not disturb lights that you can turn on. Well, we were disturbed 4 times with our light on, including once by our Preferred Club concierge. You never knew when someone was coming (restock mini bar, maid service, EXTERMINATIOR, etc) The walls are thin and we heard lots of noise the entire time  including some late night partiers in the swim-out pools below us. All in all, we were disappointed for this to be our honeymoon resort. The website plays it up that they pay special attention to Honeymooners, etc, but we just felt like another guest in the resort and definitely not a Preferred Club status  honeymooners or not. We definitely were not treated like VIP which is how they present their Preferred Club status. We left numerous messages for our concierge, but he never called us back regarding any of the messages, but was quick to interrupt us with our do not disturb light on to ask us if we wanted some Pringles. Also, during our private check-out, we expressed some of our concerns and the person checking us out just didnt seem to care. If this had not been our Honeymoon, I probably wouldve made more of a scene, but I didnt want to ruin what was such a happy time in the beginning of our marriage. So, would I visit this area again? Absolutely! Would I visit this resort again? NEVER!