We travel a lot....our visit to Secrets Maroma in November 2008 was great, but in May 2009, the same stay was terrible, due on greatly reduced staffing at the resort during the swine flu scare. But we we still charged full fare for the stay, so the value was awful. Restaurants: Although our travel agent checked with the resort and assured us that all facilities at the the resort were fully operational, we were dismayed to discover after arriving, that only two or three restaurants were open on a given night. And with no advanced notice as to which restaurants would be open for the upcoming week, we could only make the decision where to eat on a nightly basis. During our visit in November, we could dine at our favorite restaurant two or three times, but not so during our May stay. The food was very good, however, during both stays. And I must say that Roberto, one of the waiters in El Patio and Portofino, did a great job. The room and its amenities: We paid the extra $600 both stays for the Preferred Club and found that to be consistently high quality. But during the May stay, the reduced staffing showed in the attention to maintaining the room services.... the room safe wasn't working and took almost two hours for repain attempts, then having to replace it, while we waited on the balcony. Something like that should be checked out as part of the room preparation before the guest arrives. Our daily newspaper was delivered to the room only one day of the seven during our stay. The in-room bar was not consistently stocked and we never received the small bottles of rum we requested (unlike our stay in November, when everything ran like a well oiled machine). Entertainment: In November, 6 of the 7 nightly entertainment acts were excellent.... In May only the fire show was worth attending.... the others we left after the first few minutes. One night, the scheduled entertainment (masquerade show) was cancelled (I assume due to reduced Playmaker staffing - we weren't told the reason). Booking agent: Was Apple Vacations in both November and May. All went well in November, but in May, I approached the Apple rep stationed at Secrets Maroma to report my concerns (documented above). He smiled and told me there was nothing he could due about reduced staffing due to reduced occupancy during the swine flu scare. Yeah, I can understand the rationale by the resort, but still charge guests full rates and not tell them ahead of time what to expect ? NOT RIGHT ! Then after confirming our return flight and pickup time by the Apple arranged van, we showed up at the confirmed time to discover the flight and pickup time had moved out an hour, so we had to sit in the lobby. The Apple rep told me he tried to call me the day before, but didn't get an answer in our room. So he couldn't leave a message or ask the Concierge to find us ? Makes you wonder what the Apple reps do in addition to trying to sell tours to resort guests. Overall rating for November: A+ Overall rating for May: D