My wife and I spent our 30th anniversary at SMB last month. We waited to write our report to let it all soak in. We visited a Secrets location in Punta Cana a numjber of years ago when they owned Excellence. We have been to 3 different Iberostar resorts, Fiesta Americana, 2-different Sandals and 6 trips to Couples in the last 12-years. (or since our children have grown) We prefer the adult only environment and look for a blend of fun, pampering, and relaxation all in a luxury environment. Our sumary of SMB is, they could have it all with just a few changes. Understand they are still very new and learning at SMB. 1. The beach/house music played around the pool etc - was basically a mix of what we have at home of "oldies and classics" . We would have loved to have heard more of the Mexician sounds since we were in Mexico. 2. They need to make up their minds on either having a resort for couples and a love theme. Or a resort for groups / corporate gatherings. The two don't mix very well. Many times saw a part of the resort reserved for those. We paid almost $8K for our anniversary and was locked out of some resort functions. Witnessed a few males that had a little to much Don Julio making inappropriate comments about a young lady passing by. Observed numerous lap-tops and blackberry's in use around the pool, beach, and breakfast, by those corps checking in with the office back home. We didn't feel this was condusive to a romantic feel. 3. The Concierge's aren't quite up to par yet with their responsibilities. We asked about booking a cab for a short run into Playa. We were told we have to go to the lobby and ask them. Now what did we pay extra for? He should have done this for us. I do believe things like this will get better. Overall they do have something special here and a group of employees that if taught right will make this a top notch resort in the future. FYI - We booked a Preferred Club Swim-out room and were in Bldg 26. Privacy was no problem for an evening dip. The room was very nice, and never had a meal issue. Other than waiting behind 30 to 40 people from a company back home who decided to eat together most mornings. We just had to adjust our times around to beat them to the World Cafe. One last note. You can also to to the Ala Carte restaurant for breakfast near the pool. If you want to see what we think exemplifies the Mexician experience - have breakfast there and ask for Freddie. Just superb! His service and personality should be used as a Secrets model. We would recommend this resort, but for the time being we feel you can do well with the "run of the house" as opposed to upscaling your selections.