This place was awlsom, The staff was great and so was the service. We took our family and their boyfriends to enjoy a great family vacation that they couldnt afford all on their own. Food was outstanding and so were all the shows. When we got there they upgraded us to Building 16 near the ocean. We were all thrilled and excited. The only problem we had was one of my daughters room safe was was robbed. the do not disturb sign was on and the door was locked and so was the safe. Had to be an inside job cause they only took the big bills no ones jewery or lab top. The only way they could of done it was have the door card and machine to use the safe. Security did very little to help us actually nothing. Here what they do is around 8:00pm when you are leaving for dinner or the show is that they ring your room and if you answer they hang up, If no answer they know no one is there. My other daughter said the night she stayed in cause she didnt like Japaneese food she was getting hang up phone calles starting around 8 too we were on the 4th floor & building is near the ocean and isolated from the other buildings. I asked several people in Building 16 on different floors did they get any hang up phone calles and 6 different rooms said yes, and I told them what had happened to my daughter. I told security about the other rooms and they looked mad that I was doing that. Didnt want to start a big deal being in another country and who knows what they could of planted in our rooms. Came home and wrote a letter to Apple vacation and they did compensate us a bit. But it did make us nervous to leave our rooms knowing this was going on. Also, one of the boyfriends got swimmers ear being in the warm ocean most of they day. They said they had a doctor when he called they at 4am and would have to pay $150.00 so he waited and made one for 9:00am only $50.00. Funny the doctor never showed up or there wasnt any doctor. We were there for a week Sat Oct 4 to the 11th. The robbery took place wednesday nite and doctor bit on Thursday. Even though this happened I would still go back I thought Secrets Capri was great but you cannot compare Maroma is outragous. But I would stay closer to the main building. Also bring bug spray the mosquitos were horrible. I heard they were horrible if you stayed in the swim outs. Well just a warning about hang up phone calles. Denise from NJ