Arrival: As stated before, the potholed, rock road leading up the resort leaves much to be desired. Check-in was smooth enough, however, our room was not ready. We were not greeted with towels or champagne as some others have. The receptionist told us that she had a surprise for us  a room upgrade to a swim-out suite. However, this was not really an upgrade (or a surprise!) as we booked the room during a promotional package that included a room upgrade! Her big surprise was no surprise at all, and in fact, it felt a little dishonest. Plus, the room wasnt ready for at least 2 hours. Room: Very nice. Typical terra cotta stone floors, nice king bed with soft white linens, plenty of clothing storage. The bathroom was luxurious  separate shower and soaking/whirlpool tub. However, the bathroom has a window into the bedroom covered by a sheer window panel. Not much privacy, especially considering the swim-up suite pools run into each other, so your neighbor could swim by at any time and look directly into your bathroom! Maid service was sort of hit and miss; some days early, some late. Some days we got all of our towels, some days not. We had turndown service approximately 4 out of 7 nights. One day our maid service and turndown service happened at the same time. Not a big deal, but rather odd! Mosquitoes are a HUGE problem. We could not sit on our patio for 10 minutes without getting at least 2 or 3 bites. The hotel provides bug repellent, but it is not effective. Moreover, on a side note, if you want an ocean view, resist the pool upgrade suite. Its not a private pool, and you have no view. None. Food and Drinks: The breakfast buffet was outstanding! The restaurants were fine  a bit on the gourmet side, though. The servers were delightful at every restaurant with the exception of the French-cuisine one. Rude hostess, rude waiter. I cannot recommend that place to anyone! In all the restaurants, the food portions are TINY. I know that is healthy, but still. Service: Service was wonderful (with the exception of the French restaurant, and the hotel managers attitude in one instance, but more on that later!). The servers and housekeepers were always pleasant. The activity staff is fun and friendly, but can get pushy if they are trying to rouse guests into some sort of pool sport and get no takers. The bartenders were quick to wait on us. The Sea Side Grill waiters were fantastic! Beach and Pool: I have a BIG problem with the way the hotel allows the lounge chairs to be saved. By 7 a.m., the chairs are all saved with towels. Unfortunately, no one bothers to show up and actually USE the chairs until late morning or early afternoon. I overheard one guy  who had chairs saved  tell someone that his wife was on a tour and he was sitting at the beach. Yet, he saved those chairs all day and used them for perhaps an hour. That is simply rude, and the hotel should have some policy against that sort of behavior! The beach was gorgeous. Plenty of palapas and chairs. Servers come around but dont always return quickly. Oh well, we just walked up to the bar! Entertainment: It was okay. Rather amateurish, but it was something to do. Why Ill never go back: We had a BIG problem with the way the hotel handled a situation regarding some wild dogs  5 adults and 2 puppies  that resided in an empty lot next door to the hotel. The dogs were NOT the problem, the hotels treatment of them (and the guests who cared) was. The dogs came onto the hotels beach, but they were timid, unassuming, and did not seem to bother anyone. In fact, most people tried to call them over, but they were skittish and backed away. The servers were aware of these dogs, the hotel management was aware of these dogs. They did not bother anyone. Unfortunately, one night the dog family was attacked by a porcupine. Words cannot describe the way these dogs looked with porcupine quills sticking out of their faces. Several of the dogs must have had over 100 quills in them. Before 8 a.m., several hotel guests notified hotel security of the dogs situation. The hotel manager was informed of the situation. Many guests wanted to pool their funds and call a vet, even knowing that it could be costly. However, the manager not only refused to call a vet, he put security near the fence so a vet called by the guests could not access the dogs. When asked why, he replied, We are not in the business of animal protection. At 3 p.m., AFTER THE DOGS SUFFERED FOR HOURS AND THE HOTEL DID NOTHING, some rogue animal control guys came in with ropes. They tried to lasso the dogs to capture them (and kill them), but the dogs got away every time. We left the next day. The hotels indifference to this situation in spite of MANY guests complaining, questioning, and offering to help the dogs was disgusting. The manager was rude and dishonest; the security staff would not communicate because they claimed they could not speak English, the hotel staff mocked the guests concerns. There are other gorgeous all-inclusives just down the street from this one. I'll stay there instead.