Our stay was Oct 10-15. Until reading a recent review, I've hesitated writing as maybe our experience was isolated & I didn't want to take away from the excellent working staff's preformance with a negative. I'd like to mention just a few, although all were exceptional: Anita, Victor, Sergio, Fabiola, Cindy, Armando, Daniel & David. Food was hit & miss. Excellent veal chop at Bordeaux & filet not edible. Grouper dried out at Seaside & flank steak great. Room service is anyone's guess? What we got, all though not what ordered was very good, except last day when we got nothing. The rooms are beautiful & comfy. Hotel was not a full capacity. Pools are small & always felt crowded. Lots of wasted space. Not enough loungers/floaties even if you felt compelled to play the reserving game. Beach is beautiful. More details would make it exceptional. Loungers are cheap & crowded--not 5 star. Beach service was great. Real problems are management/front desk. We arrived early at 9:30am. We were prepared for the pool & expecting a wait for room. Check-in easy as only another couple there who were taken to their room. I just assumed they had a different type. Were told to enjoy pool & lunch and that the concierge would contact us when room became available. At 1:00pm after talking with several guests who arrived an hour after we did & taken to their rooms--same as ours--I checked once again with pool concierge and made a trip to front desk. My problems were very obviously brushed off & ignored. At 3:30 I made another trip to front desk, explaining that I had talked with many others who were given rooms. They were very cold & unconcerned. By this time, I'd discovered the real problem. The hotel had a group of invited travel agents. We were being pushed to the back to make sure they had enough rooms. Giving up, I decided to see if or when we would be given a room. A pool concierge presented our room keys at 6:30pm. As she is not "allowed to leave the pool area", she pointed out our building. Micheala, building 14 concierge, saw us looking for room & was very helpful for entire stay. Check-out: Management's last insult. I was asked by Caroline as to my stay. When I replied "Okay", the reaction was obvious. She was cold, unconcerned and didn't acknowledge. Never said even a thank-you for staying. Basically just handed my reciepts & walked away. We'll be returning to Excellence, ElDorado or Palace resorts in the future.