My wife and I stayed at SMB from August 24-30. I will write a lengthy but thorough review based on my experience. I will break it up into three categories good, bad and the ugly. Good: The famous maroma beach that is located at SMB is breathtaking. The turquose waters are so clear and bath water warm. This is one of the best beaches I have ever seen.. The sand is like baby powder white. The only down side is there isn't enough palapalas. You need to be out by 8am to put your towel down to reserve it. The resort will be beautiful when completed. The rooms are fantastic. The room decorations were very posh. It will take some time for the vegetation to grow at the resort. No Grass at all. The infinity pool is nice, way to small for this type of resort. The nightly entertainment was very good. enjoyed the carribean night party and beach party. The drinks at this resort were good, used high end liquors at the lobby bar. Have to request the good stuff. The food at all the restraunts were outstanding. Very large selection, the mexican restraunt was our favorite. Eric the GM of this resort was very helpful,in getting our problems resolved. He is very professional and topnotch. BAD: When arriving to SMB resort, the entrance is scary and not very inviting. It looks very thirdworld. We used theshuttle service olympus tours. It is better to get a taxi from the airport, cheaper and faster. The driver gave our suitcases to another couple at secrets silversands. We didn't have bags or swimsuits for 6 hours. We arrived at the hotel at 1pm. Upon arrival the staff was friendly, Hector geeted us with scented towels and champagne. The room was not ready. they told us to come back at3pm. Had lunch, came back at 3, room still not ready, and couldn't get a response from anyone at the front desk about my luggage. No room and no bags. Finally got a room at 6pm, however it was a double bed. Had to fight with manager Sergio to get a king size bed. In room at 7pm. Finally recieved luggage at 8pm. The whole day was waisted fighting with Sergio, and getting no help from the hotel staff locating my luggage. Once inside the room noticed tv and radio not working. Missing hair blowdryer, trash can, bottle opener, candles. The next day was my wifes birthday, the purpose of this trip. Spoke to Sandra our concierge for building 12. Set up a romantic dinner and birthday cake at french restraunt at 830pm. tipped her 20 us dollars for decorating room. Upon arrival at french restraunt, they greeted my wife with happy birthday. However we never had the cake or birthday celebration from the staff. lack of customer service and communication at this alleged fivestar resort. This was very dissapoinitng for my wife. The next day upon returing to the room, a cake was on the desk. a day late. UGLY: We experinced several of my wifes items being stolen from my room. I know this resort is new, I didn't complain to mgmt until this occured. We had the security manager come to the room and file a report. There was never any follow up from any of the staff at this resort, lack of communication. Spoke to Rafael Cordova who is the room manager at this resort. This experience was dreadful He ws very rude and arrogant. He lakced the proffesionalism one would expect to find at a secrets resort. He questioned my wife about the missing items. He was not very empathetic in dealing with this issue. I asked to speak with Eric F the general manager. He was very nice and helpful, and solved our disputes with this resort. The next day, I did have to call for a doctors appointment that took 2 hours to get someone to call us. If I would waited any longer my eardrum would have bursted, scuba incident. We spoke to Hector, there was always a differnt answer when calling him. After nearly 2 hours of waiting the doctor finally arrived. I never recieved my prescripitions that he said would be coming to me. I recieved an injection from this Doctor who spoke little english, used no gloves or washed his hands prior to the procedure. Very scary, but saved my eardrum from rupturing and pain subsided. Overall this is a nice place, and beautiful beach. They expect this place to be a five star resort, physically yes, but the customer service and communication is terrible. I would not return to this resort. There are way to many options throughout mexico and the carribean, where the customer service is exceptional.