Though less expensive, you get what you pay for. Good: location, water pressure, breakfast. Bad: check in, sleep quality, uncontrollable air conditioning, terrible pillows. Overall not a good experience and I wont be back. We got a good rate and got two rooms. We arrived before check-in time (so thats my fault, I knew it was a chance we were taking) and the front desk asked me if I would like rooms next to each other. I said it didnt matter but I would prefer it if it wouldnt delay our rooms being ready. Well, at regular check in time two hours later that somehow turned our rooms not being ready into the computer has you locked into two rooms next to each other, so well need to wait for them to become available. Any excuse that starts with the computer should be removed from service vocabulary. Someone (maybe on my unclear direction) made that our computerized preference, so unmake it if we want to get rooms instead of waiting! Painful. The people were nice about it at the front desk and the valet handled our bags fine, but we did end up waiting around for 45 mins or so. Not awesome. Worst sleep ever. The bed has one of those softness controls  we couldnt find the stupid thing but that didnt matter, the bed wasnt the problem. The A/C and pillows were the problems. The A/C didnt do whatever we told it to do. It turned on and off and blew directly on us, which I dont mind, but then alternating our being cold and hot (the comforter would work in the Antarctic) was uncomfortable. As soon as wed fall asleep the air would turn and wed be uncomfortable again. The pillows are hollow. They are like two bed sheets filled with air. Touch them and they deflate into useless, flat, uncomfortable nothings. I dont even understand how this works or why anyone would want it. Water pressure was awesomely strong and had an adjustable shower head, which I needed to stay awake after the bad nights sleep. Breakfast was a positive surprise. The chefs and servers were very conversant, pleasant and fun. It seems the people are not the problem at the Hilton. Shame we wont be back.