We were checked into this hotel although we had reserved a room at the Hotel Pinciana of the same hotel group, Leonardi. We had booked a charged limousine transfer but nobody was at the airport to pick us up. After calling the Pinciana they told us about the sudden relocation and that there is no transfer arrangement although we had a written confirmation in our hands! After another 50 min. we were picked up. We were brought to the Trevi hotel which is very close to the Trevi Fountain in the midst of buzzing noisy Rome in a narrow little lane. Some people might like this, we did not. Nevertheless the location allowed us to reach many of the famous tourist attractions by food. Our so-called Junior suite made an overall grubby, dark and cramped impression. The mattress had no mattress cover and there was no duvet but just a top sheet. The only wardrobe in the room was extremely tiny but contained 2 extra pillows and a safe that did not work. We could not unpack our suitcases at all as there was just no space. It was impossible to sleep without ear plugs as it was so noisy in the street directly below our window. The bathroom was also very compact, bigger people might have a problem to fit into the tiny tub. The shower pole fell off the wall, everything was badly maintained. The sealing between the tub and the wall looked like used chewing gum and was about as useful. The internet which was placed on a little desk in the small anteroom did not work. The carpet in both rooms looked filthy. Breakfast was served in a little room in the basement, selection was alright for Rome, you had to get your coffee yourself from the coffee dispenser. The bell boy and receptionists were friendly but we had the feeling that they did not hear our complaints for the first time but were obviously instructed to tell the guests they will take care of the issues - but they did not. The hotel claimed to be a "4 Star Superior" which is not justified at all in our opinion. Our impression was that the owners do not want to make any major investments in this hotel although the potential was definitely existing. They have tried to "tart-up" an old lady (which might have seen better times) and position it as an elegant hostess (Boutique Hotel). We will definitely not recommend this place.