Any potential "guest" should read each and every review. Bottom line is this, each and every traveller will have a distinct and different experience. You will find a lot of negatives pointed out consistently through many of the reviews, they are all true. Management may very well overbook and not honor your reservation (and payment). Happened to us! Although we prepaid and reserved a swim up room, management lied stating they never received reservation and there must have been a mistake. Truth is this, they had complete and confirmed reservation received through Sabre, but they chose to overbook and then simply lied. Ultimately I received a complete refund for the night. The biggest problem with this part of the experience is the mgt made it very clear that not all guests are so called VIP's and treated the same. Mgt directly commented treatment is different based on how much a guest pays! No need to go into the gritty details, but if you really must know, ask me and I'll assure you you"ll be shocked and disappointed. The food? Well, the consistent comments " not gourmet" is accurate. Yes, breakfast is very good with a lot of good choices and decent overall quality, but for the most part that's really about it. Anything else ranges from ok to very poor. The overall cut and quality of the meat, poultry and even seafood is really poor compared to decent restaurants elsewhere around the world, including the States. The so-called sushi is absolutely disgusting, couldn't even eat it. The Italian restaurant is at best ok, but truth is you'd get a better meal from a pre packaged Italian entre from Costco! Sad really. The themed Mexican restaurant had some okay dishes but then some not so okay dishes. There is no way in the world the food even marginally rates as gourmet. Where in the world is the fresh fish? The so called fresh fish lunch is a friggin joke. The fish was frozen and then just deep fried or prepared in some other funny way. But bottom line it was gross. I fish regularly in the ocean and eat a lot of fish, so hopefully you trust me on this. Selection of alcohol is very good. They do carry a lot of very good brands and "labels" but they can improve on actual bartending skills. I found both margaritas and mojitos well below "great" and would describe both of these particular drinks as poor. But who knows, you may like them. Not likely if you really enjoy a top shelf, well made cocktail though, more likely if you think margarita mix in a bottle is good. The multitude of comments regarding the sulphur smell are all true! YES, there is an issue with the sulphur and no, there's no mystery where it comes from. It comes from the continual "dredging" of the sand next to the makeshift marina. The funny looking berms sticking out of the water are there to protect the poorly constructed marina, nothing else. You'll likely see a worker regularly dredging sand with a hand pump from around the edges of the marina and then depositing sand directly in front of resort. Thus the sulphur odor and the shallow, stale water. The sand creates large "mounds" making swimming impossible. You can walk fifty feet out and be ankle deep! The staff does a good job raking the beach and keeping it pretty nice. As well as the activity joint next door to the north. Actually, they have much better sand on their beach. But......I suspect you will be disappointed with the visual impact of the berms and the sulphur odor. Walk either north or south and you"ll find decent water. And other comments are 100% correct, this is not the resort referred to as having one of the top ten beaches. It's just in the general area is all, nothing more. The rooms? I thought they were very nice. Maybe an occasional glitch with quality control and finite cleanliness, but overall very nice. I found the beds very comfortable, a big plus in Mexico, and the decor nicely done. Yes, there were some details that needed attention, but overall I would think you'd be pleased. I will say this though, the cost of the place is high, so if I fairly compared to other resorts elsewhere, they would only get a "c". Just average. Average is not necessarily bad, it's just that, average!! Very, very disappointed with the pools. In the cooler winter months (aka peak season ) the water is too cold to comfortably swim in. The water is not heated and is simply put COLD. I had a very nice conversation with one of the vacation membership owners and he explained it has been an on-going problem for years. The place has tried different makeshift solutions but to no avail. Okay, how about this Maroma, hire a swimming pool contractor and install a Teledyne Laars heater! It's not a mystery, just spend the needed money and stop with the attempts at cheap solutions. Overall, sad....you pay for an expensive so-called swim up room, but it scares the hell out of you to get in the water!!! It was very cold!! The grounds of the resort are very nice, kudos to the groundskeepers as they do nice work. Tip though, don't use the gas blower next to the guests, wait until no one is there or maybe consider a rake. It was comical actually, watching the young guy use the machine, as he knew it was disturbing guests, but it also probably conflicted with his "orders". The resort is quiet. This is a good thing if you want a peaceful, relaxing romantic trip. If you're looking for Cancun, then go there, not here. At the end of our trip a large loud obnoxious party came in, and REALLY pissed off some guests, and staff. Of course, never saw management come and solve issue, only saw "staff" go up and try to say something. We're grateful this was the last two days and not at the beginning. Speaking of the staff. They are fantastic! I'm only referring to the folks who actually work, not the management. Jonas was absolutely amazing. What a great great guy and fantastic employee. As well as Diego and all the other beach staff. Just an great bunch of really happy, energetic and kind people! Really liked them all. They each went out of their way to please every guest. If you choose to leave the resort and go to town, be prepared to pay dearly for a taxi. Fifty bucks round trip as compared to four bucks (or less) that a "local" pays for their transportation. This is a common theme in Mexico (and elsewhere) but just seems to be a bit more pronounced in Mexico. But in my opinion, why pay for the resort if you intend on leaving it? Do you really need the trinket made in China that bad? A quick comment on "tipping". Contrary to the resorts advertisement that gratuities are included, it is simply not true. The staff expects to be tipped regularly and I know it does create a difference in service. I visited other inclusive resorts in other parts of the world, and it has always been handled differently, as in tipping is forbidden and if an employee takes a tip then they are terminated. I'm not at all opposed to gratuities, but they are just that. There is an expectation here and the management should really correct this. I witnessed some folks get caught up in uncomfortable situations because of this. They thought included but in reality not so. Read, read, read the other reviews. Bottom line, would I go back to this resort? No, I wouldn't. Would I recommend a close friend or family member go? No, I wouldn't. Would I discourage someone from going that has his or heart set already on going? No, I wouldn't. It was difficult to come up with the right "star" rating. I vacillated between below and average, but picked below based on my our personal experience. We paid an awful lot of money for this vacation and it simply did not measure up to our expectation, thus the two stars. It is a fair and accurate assessment based on our individual experience. If you have specific questions, just ask!