This review is for a visit last Christmas. Many times I've thought of letting it go, but I can't. Where to begin? Maybe with the little stuff: the faint whiffs of sewerage at spots around the resort, with the small unattractive beach, with the shallow totally artificial swimming area which is hemmed in by massive sandbags, or with the piledriving on the beach that began early in the morning and finished at 5? How about the big stuff? This place bills itself as a gourmet facility. Except for breakfast, which is tough to ruin, the food was awful! Gourmet? Not on your life. One of their "theme" restaurant is Japanese. Not only are the portions tiny, but I had some of the strangest sushi that I have ever had in my life. I can't imagine where those recipes came from. And I know sushi. I live in Vancouver. The Italian "theme" restaurant isn't a whole lot better, with its clumps of undercooked or overcooked pasta. But it is far better than the Japanese. The service was very slow at both, and you often will not receive your complete order. What Japanese restaurant ever forgets to bring the rice? Here's a tip: the servers cannot handle orders from large parties. We were 11. Split your party into smaller groups, and you might get everything you order, and you might not wait more than an hour. I keep telling the staff to turn the music down until they do it. And keep telling them if you want to talk over dinner. At lunch, at the beachside grill, you can observe perfectly good salmon filets being destroyed. They'll put a dozen on the grill and then take them off to the side to be reheated as they are ordered. You learn rather quickly to head for the salad bar and to stay there. What they don't have to cook, they can't ruin. Towards the end of our stay, some of our group gave up on the resort restaurants and started to order from the room service menu. Or finally at wits end, we'd take $50. return cab rides into Playa so that we could eat at good local Mexican spots. The fact that the resort is an all-inclusive became irrelevant. We were happy to pay over and above for good meals. So finally to the clincher: at the end of your stay, the resort will slip a feedback form under your door. The other people in our party had already submitted their feedback forms to the front desk, and had left for the airport. We however checked out, but had to kill a few hours on the beach before our flight home. We too handed on our feedback form. All 11 of us had complaints similar to mine. But we were the only people who had to stick around for a while. Our favourite beach waiter, Diego, had brought us a few drinks, and my wife and I were enjoying the last of the Mexican sun, when a front desk woman, and a man claiming to be the resort manager, and the chef appeared before us on the beach. The manager proceeded to berate the two of us for not raising the food issue right away. He actually said that if we didn't like the food, we could have ordered anything we wanted, and they'd have prepared it for us. This he did rather too loudly, and he drew many incredulous looks from others nearby on the beach. The poor embarrassed chef didn't say a word. He looked down at his shoes, wishing he were anywhere else on the planet. I've read many of the rave reviews of this place, and I am shaking my head! Did they go to the same place? Can I find something positive to say about the place? Yes I can. Diego takes drink orders on the beach. He is delightful. Tip him well and you will have made a very good friend. Also, the New Years Eve celebration on the beach was more enjoyable than I expected it to be. It had an authentic, genuine feel to it.