My wife and I stayed at El Dorado Maroma for 7 days in late June and had a nice time but would never return to this resort. We've vacationed in the Riviera Maya area many times and El Dorado Maroma is not the worth the money. Half-way through our stay, my wife and I discussed moving to a different resort but decided that we had too much money invested in the vacation to spend more at another resort. We were extremely disappointed given the great reviews on this website. Food - We found the food to be very mediocre, nowhere near their marketing hype of gourmet inclusive. The Japanese (Kiyoko), Italian (Mio) and themed dinners should be skipped altogether. I found that the best way to get decent food is to order room service for breakfast and the pool patio area of Sabores for lunch. Pipitos offers a buffet but the food seemed to be sitting out for hours without being refreshed. Beach - The resort would like for you to believe that they're on the stretch of Maroma Beach that's been designated by the Travel Channel as one of the Best Beaches in the world. The truth is that this distinction is reserved for Moroma Hotel, which is now Maroma Resort and Spa and is located a mile north of El Dorado. El Dorado's beach is adequate but I found it difficult to relax given the constant jet-ski and music from excursion boats at the marina. And the black mounds that are used to prevent beach erosion are very unsightly! Misc. - An issue that you should be aware of is the constant pushing of their "Exotic Travel Club", if you do sit through the 90-minute presentation; ask for a resort credit rather than a free dinner or massage. The dinner and massage costs them nothing but the resort credit will be deducted from your total bill at the end of your stay. The constant sulphur smell and "aromatherapy" along with the piped in elevator music throughout the property gave me a constant headache. The Good - The staff is very friendly and helpful and the swim up rooms are convenient to the pool bar.