My husband and I stayed here for a few days of a honeymoon at the end of December. We had just spent a week and a half vacationing with family and getting married in other parts of the Riviera Maya and were looking forward to a few days at a relaxing resort where we didn't have to think about anything. First, the good things: We received hot towels and glasses of champagne upon arrival. The beach was beautiful and had the softest, powder-fine white sand we saw all throughout the Riviera Maya. The food at the Asian restaurant was delicious, and the Italian place was okay. Lunch in the beach palapa was way better than lunch in the restaurant. Rick's bar was fun and had a pool table, dart table (magnetic) and other games along those lines. Room service for us was pretty quick service. The disappointing things: When we got there to check in, we were earlier than our check-in time, so we ate lunch and just hung out on the beds and chairs they have all over the place. At one point the concierge came by and said he just had to drop one thing off and would be right back to take us to our room because it was ready. More than an hour later he came back, and said "oh yeah, your room wasn't actually ready before when I said it was." He gave us a tour of the room, and when he showed us the mini-fridge it was 1) not re-stocked, and 2) had a half drunk glass of something white and creamy in it. When he brought us our bags, they weren't our bags. When we told him that he got really defensive and said that it was the tag that matched the room. Which to me means either the bags were mis-tagged or we were in the wrong room... but he eventually believed us and went and brought us our bags. He also asked if we were interested in a free upgrade of our room, and when we said yes he then told us that there wasn't anything available, but maybe there would be in 2 or 3 days. In the bathroom, there was no water that came out of the faucet when we turned the hot water on. When we called the front desk, their response was "sometimes you have to let it run for a little while before it will be really hot." Again, I felt like we had to negotiate with them a little more than necessary to get them to send someone to fix the water. Our room was right next to one of the pools, and we were assured that it wouldn't be noisy or keep us up at night since the bar there closed at 10 and then Rick's bar was open late, which was away from the rooms and not noisy. Well, Rick's bar was closed that first night, so they kept the pool bar open late and we could definitely hear people well after midnight still out there. The next morning we received a note from the concierge desk saying they expected us at a specific time so they could fully discuss all the amenities of the hotel. When we showed up, they had nothing to say to us and seemed more annoyed that we were there but didn't need anything specific. We asked about Rick's bar being closed the night before and their response was "oh it wasn't closed." Again, we had to explain ourselves before she called and talked to someone, and found out that it was in fact closed the night before and would be closed again that night. We were there for New Year's Eve, and they put on a big party, but we asked specifically, and were assured numerous times, that all the restaurants would still be open if we wanted to eat there instead. It turns out they weren't. There was a daily schedule of events that were offered around the hotel, but I'm not sure if any of these actually happened. We were in the pool area where Towel Folding was supposed to take place, and I think it ended up starting an hour late because they had to find towels for the event. They also advertised a coffee and dessert sunset event, but when we showed up for that the guy told us he could only give us water because the kitchen was closed and didn't seem to know anything about the advertised event. The drinks were not very good. Tecate beer and sugary mixed drinks. The main restaurant was average at best. The room service menu was disappointing- hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch, chicken burritos for dinner. When we ordered room service breakfast, the jams that were delivered with our toast had already been opened and used. The beach setting is beautiful, but there is nothing else around within walking distance. Even though it was all-inclusive, we contemplated trying to go somewhere else for dinner one night, but decided it wasn't worth the hassle of getting a taxi to Playa del Carmen, and there was nothing close by that we could walk to. All in all, we just felt that a lot of little things were overlooked at this place, and for the amount of money we paid, there shouldn't be that many oversights or an automatic defensive response to an issue that guests bring up. We would never consider going back to this place, and would never recommend it to anyone.