We recently stayed at El Dorado Maroma in January and were disappointed with our experience. The property itself is pretty and so is the ocean view, but in no way is this a 5 star resort, and for the price (on par with a Ritz or Four Seasons) we expected alot better. We requested early check, both through our travel agent and directly from the hotel and when we arrived, we were told our room was not ready. We took a cab into Playa del Carmen to do some shopping and upon return our swim up suite was ready. Rooms: The rooms were fine. Bland with cheap prints on the wall. The furniture had water rings all over it. From the pictures it looks like expensive designer furniture but up close you will see that it really is just dark painted wood with defects everywhere. The bed was extremely comfortable. As stated before we had a swim up suite. The floor is polished marble and very slippery. There were no area rugs, mats, etc near the patio where the swim up area was. So our floor was littered with towels to keep from slipping. Maid service was inconsistent. Every morning at 7am we would put our sign on our door to have our room made up. It never occurred before 2pm and twice I had to call and ask to have the room made up. Also turn down service only occured once during our stay. The jacuzzi sprayed water everywhere soaking the bathroom and the shower door also leaked covering our bathroom with water. Sugar ants were everywhere in the bathroom. Living in Florida we are used to this, and we also know that it is an easy thing to remedy without using pesticides. FOOD: The food was by far the biggest disappointment of the the stay. Gourmet? Laughable. Tiny portions of pre-prepard/frozen food does not equal gourmet. The first evening we ate in the asian restaurant. This meal took two hours. There was a large group of travel agents who were clearly catered to while the regular guests were left waiting and waiting for their food. To wait 2 hours for worse than mediocre food is unacceptable. Every night we ate in any of the restaurants we ordered alot of food because of the minute portions and every time one or two plates of food were simply forgotten. This happened every evening. When travelling to Mexico, we have fresh seafood in mind. Dont expect that when ordering at the Italian restaurant. The shrimp dish were tiny frozen rock shrimp served with wallpaper paste (soft polenta). We waited 1 hour 45 minutes for that meal. Dont order the filet of beef either. I asked for salt and pepper and was told "this is an italian restaurant, we dont have salt." And so went our dining experience at this resort. In order to get the fresh seafood we craved we left the resort on the third night and ate at a very upscale restaurant in Playa where we dined on all fresh ingredients from the sea. This was by far the best meal of the vacation. I did inform the concierge of the horrible food and service and the resort did try to make it better but there is no fixing what is broke unless there is a complete menu overhaul focusing on FRESH ingredients. We know great food and it was not to be found in this resort. In the end, we just ordered simple things we know couldnt be screwed up such as hamburgers, salsa, guacamole, fresh fruit. Dont be fooled into thinking that the resort serves top shelf liquor. Cuervo and Smirnoff are the best you are going to get here. To not even have Patron tequila or something on that level is shameful. We are good tippers so we received decent bar service but if you dont tip, you wont. That goes for any service at the resort. Maintenance occurred all day every day in this resort. To the point of nuisance. At 8 am one day they decided to change the drapes on my patio while was sitting there. Hello? I understand upkeep but there are ways to do this during times of the day when it isnt in front of the guests. I dont want to sit on my patio listening to lawn mowers, weed whackers, drills, etc. I dont want to see it. We requested late check out since we had a late flight both through the travel agent and again through reception. Reception told us that if there room was free we would be able to get a late check out. The night before we asked if our room was free if we decided to extend and they told us it was. So we had the knowledge that the room wasn't going to be prepared for the next guest immediately. When my husband requested the late check out of 2pm we were told we would be charged $10 per person per hour. We said no way, we were not informed of this by our travel agent or the resort and refused. They immediately acquiesced. We will not stay at this resort again. It simply was a giant rip off. If we pay those prices, we expect the service and food to match. Next time we will stay at a Ritz or Four Seasons, etc. ******NOTE******** I do want to point out that there was one employee at this resort who went out of her way to help us. Caterina. She is the shining star of this resort. Her warmth, friendliness and stellar customer service skills are by far the biggest asset there. We enjoyed her so much. We wish her much success in her career, she will go very far! Caterina, we hope Nacho's foot is getting better!!!