I read a few other reviews here on tripadvisor. I am a Hilton Hhonors Gold member. I recently attended the Direct Response Expo at this hotel in May 2009. When I found out that the conference was at this hotel I quickly booked the hotel using many of my points. However, I was quickly disappointed. While from the outside the hotel appears beautiful, it lack amenities and service which should be readily available for a new hotel. Normally at a Hilton Hotels Gold and Diamond members are provided 2 complimentary breakfasts (if this is what you choose on Your Way preference). This hotel was so petty that is only provided a certificate for a complimentary cup of coffee and bakery item at Starbucks. The hotel Starbucks is not licensed to make food so they don't even have their hot breakfast sandwiches. I would have been satisfied if the hotel offer this, considering that most Hiltons will provide a minimum of a continental breakfast buffet and upsell you to full breakfast bufffet. But no, they wanted to either offer a muffin and coffee at Starbucks (which required you go down to the bottom floor of hotel and out door around corner) to get a lousy unsatisfying breakfast, or pay $15 for their breakfast buffet (normally priced at $25). There was no option for a $15 credit towards a plated breakfast option. We ended up getting the buffet which was way overpriced, as was everything else in this hotel ($9 bottle of Corona beer and $21 parking). Also note that the hotel provides certificates for a complimentary cracker and olive plate at the bar. Don't worry, there is no value there, as they make there money back at the overpriced bar! Try and get something to eat after 12 midnight, even during a night with a full house! No room service, no food vending machines. They are generous to give VIP members certificates which say complimentary Coca Cola beverages from the machines, only to find out it only works on the 29th and 30th floor machines loaded solely with water! The pool is nothing to impressive and the rooms are a bit small. In fact, I notice a stain on the bottom sheet of my bed prior to go down for the night. The business center is ran by a UPS store, very pricey! No complimentary internet access here. I would definitely not stay at this hotel again for 40k points per night. I would rather stay across the street at the smaller Gas Lamp Hilton, which may appear nicer from the outside, but more intimate.