We stayed here for 2 nights after taking the south road back from Hana. We wanted to stay in Lahaina for a couple of nights before going on to Wailea so that we could partake in the Hallowe'en festivities on Front street. Like some of the other reviewers, we were only made aware of renovations when we checked in. What a mess. Tarps and noise everywhere. It is too bad, because some of the animals (like the penguins that have been removed) would have been fun to see. It is interesting that this 'emergency renovation' had to be done right before busy season. Our partial ocean view room was a room with a view of the self parking lot. When you went outside and looked to the side from the balcony you could see the ocean. Not cool. I thought about complaining or asking about a better room, but seeing as though we were only here for 2 nights, and knew we'd be drinking on one of them we didn't bother. The valet parking was on the extreme opposite side of the hotel from where our room was, so we decided to self park (the lot was directly underneath our room). Driving the south road from Hana was a piece of cake compared to the self parking. The situation is absolutely unacceptable. We had to wait for a tiny tight spot. While we were parking we saw one car hit another while trying to get into a spot. Not ok. The Hyatt should be offering complementary valet (at least for the rooms on the side of the hotel close to the valet) if there aren't sufficient self parking spaces. There are 2 different check out times on the back of the door of the room (11 and 12). When we called to see if we could push it to 1 or so (my boyfriend is gold passport at the Hyatt), we got told NO, checkout is 11. Ok then. The bright spots at this hotel were the buffet breakfast (we had a 2 for 1 with our room rate) and the Japengo restaurant where the sushi was outstanding (we ate there both nights). I have been to many other fabulous Hyatts (Toronto, Lake Tahoe, Singapore etc etc). This hotel did not provide a Hyatt experience. Seriously it felt like we were at the Motel 6... This may have been partly because we weren't anticipating renos and we'd come from paradise in Hana (at the Travaasa Hana), but regardless I would not stay here again.