My wife and I have recently returned from a week trip to Maui staying at the Hyatt Regency Maui (Kaanapali Beach) and were extremely disappointed with the resort and location. Our strong recommendation to anyone reading this would be - DON'T stay here! Stay at another hotel and location (perhaps Wailea - my wife had stayed at the Fairmont, Wailea a couple of years ago and only had wonderful things to say about the hotel and beach). My wife and I are seasoned travellers, having stayed in all types of accommodation (budget to five star+) all over the world. There were a number of reasons why we were so disappointed with our stay, but in the interest of presenting a balanced view, we've listed the positives and negatives of our recent trip to Maui: POSITIVES: 1. Great customer service. Like anywhere in the United States, the customer service was very good. All the staff were attentive, helpful and friendly, and we had no issue with the staff at all. 2. Japengo restaurant. The food at Japengo was really tasty, flavoursome (the sushi in particular) and reasonably priced for a hotel. It was the best food we had in Maui (although we didn't have a car so didn't travel too far from the hotel). Make sure you book dinner (or at least pre dinner drinks) around sunset so you can enjoy the views. NEGATIVES: 1. Price of rooms. We stayed in an ocean view king sized room and for the price we were paying per night were extremely disappointed with what we were paying versus what we were receiving (in the context of all the other negatives below). 2. Dated decor. Both the rooms and the hotel itself is in desperate need of renovation. We could not believe that given a) the number of rooms at the hotel (also a negative) and b) the price they were charging that the hotel could be so dated (brown, old carpet etc). The owners of the Hyatt Regency are obviously trying to save money by not reinvesting in their property and unfortunately it is clearly evident. 3. Lack of beach. The Hyatt Regency Maui has no beach to speak of. Even if you did spend 15 minutes walking down to Whalers Village for a swim in the ocean - be warned that the beach itself is not a good one for a relaxing, leisurely swim. The beach suffers from strong rips (no lifeguards), waves breaking right on the foreshore and isn't really very clear (certainly not turquoise / aqua blue). Whilst this is an issue for the Hyatt Regency, it is also an issue for all hotels on Kaanapali Beach and we'd strongly recommend not staying in this area if you like an ocean paddle. 4. Lack of shade at the pool and "beach". We were bitterly disappointed with the hotels lack of shade around the pools. In this day and age with the prevelance of skin cancer, we were disgusted that there were only a few pool chairs that had permament umbrellas and shade. As a consequence we quickly found that these disappeared early in the morning as people (rightly or wrongly) reserved them for the day with their towels. This meant that I ended up waking up at 6:30am every morning to try and secure a shaded seat (who needs to sleep in on their holiday right?!). To capitalise on this lack of shade, the Hotel did offer to rent out chairs (they came in a pair) with shade covering for about $50 / day or shaded cabanas for $150 / day. I suspect that this is a trend that most hotels in Kaanapali follow, however, I don't understand why they can't just invest in umbrellas that give the guest the option of having shade or not. 5. Room. Notwithstanding the dated look of the rooms, they also suffered from a strange smell and very small bathrooms. Again for the price you are paying, we felt it was inappropriate. 6. Breakfast. If you have breakfast included (we did), you will probably end up eating at Sonz which offers the best breakfast option at the hotel. Unfortunately as the hotel has underinvested in appropriate breakfast eating areas you end up waiting 15-20 minutes each morning for a table for breakfast and then another 5-10 minutes if you'd like a freshly cooked omlette. We don't think its appropriate to wait this long every morning for breakfast. 6. The $25 / day "wireless / gym / parking" charge. This is just a marketing charge. As far as I can tell if this isn't an optional charge ie if you don't have a computer or car or gym gear, which it wasn't, then it should be added to their advertised rate and not "added on" to the advertised rate. Just further evidence of hotel management doing everything they can to try and squeeze every single dollar from their guest without actually giving them anything for it. 7. Other matters. We won't go into it too much, but its fair to say that the spa treatments are ridiculously expensive (and from the look of them not worth it) and there is limited transport options unless you have a car (buses are available, but they come every hour or so). We don't normally write reviews etc on any websites, but we thought it necessary that we present our views on the Hyatt Regency Maui and strongly encourage anyone thinking to stay here (or on Kaanapali Beach) not to.