it's a sad day when you have to write a negative review about a chain hotel that had always provided world class service. It took several weeks for me to decide if i should write this review but after reading some of the other posts i felt that i had no choice. we are platinum members of the Hyatt chain. we travel frequently , stay on the regency level(yes,even when we pay)and usually travel with at least 2 of our children . I booked a trip for late march into early April back on Feb 1st. with the Hyatt club platinum division for my husband, myself and our 2 younger kids aged 5 & 6. This booking was to be for 6 nights on the regency level at no cost per se but rather paid for "with points"(pretty expensive when you consider that our winter time Hyatt hotel in the Caribbean costs $790 per night). Upon booking i made it clear to the agent that my husband(who is a medical volunteer) had left several days ago in order to help the victims of the earthquake in Haiti and that we would be reuniting in Maui for a well deserved rest and i insisted upon a quiet room with 2 double/queen beds and a ocean view on the regency club level and was told that it would all be taken care of. I followed up on the reservation every few weeks in order to insure against any "problems"( we were meeting up with other families for the holiday on the eve of our arrival to Maui)Furthermore, upon arrival into the Hawaiian Islands our first stop was a short stay at the Hyatt Waikiki (which although dated, was outstanding in terms of service,location and amenities) . The front desk manager took the time to personally phone the "sister resort" since it was written all over my confirmation and he was assured that a "quiet room with 2 double beds and a great view " would be held for us. Well here it comes..... there was a very strong wind on that late march day and we arrived about 45 min later, add in the car rental , and we arrived about 5 pm instead of 3pm(not too bad since holiday dinner was set for 8 pm). Check in was a breeze, i was told by the young man that "indeed it is a very quiet room with a nice view and 2 beds" i was handed a key to the 20th floor (not the 21st which is where the club room is). i asked him why i was not on the 21st floor to which he responded "o don't worry you will be so satisfied". well..... QUIET INDEED IF YOU ARE SITUATED DIRECTLY BENEATH THE CLUB DINING ROOM !! mind you , they begin to set up at 5am and close after 11pm(btw, no view either). I called down to the front desk and was told that due to the spring break the hotel was completely booked and that if i wanted 2 beds that would be my only choice. If i gave up the 2 beds and placed my children on a pull out couch they could put me in another room also on the 20th floor but that was all they could do.. at first i was polite and remained calm but i felt that they were rude and very unapologetic. I had looked up the hotel on trip advisor, and had also noticed that as of late Hyatt has begun to either sell or/and "upgrade" non loyal guests into the regency club and they also unload rooms on various sites. so here i was, a devoted and loyal Hyatt customer with a husband who really deserved a break and 2 cranky kids and a holiday dinner fast approaching with an inadequate room that was most likely "given away as a freebie upgrade to someone who never even stayed at a hyatt but got it for real cheap". A young woman called me and advised me to take the room with the pull out couch since it would be much quieter and that she would place 2 cots in the room and reinstate points for 2 of my nights. The bellman,who was aware of what had happened, left us with our bags on a trolley and disappeared.I pushed the bags around to the other side of the floor and opened our new room. Great view....of the highway, we were glad that we left new york city and flew to Hawaii. The first thing i did was check for bedbugs which unfortunately can be a problem...for others...i can not say i saw a bed bug but the mattress had a rusty stain and i insisted that it be changed. It took a long time to bring the mattress up and when they did the rudeness was beyond ! i again went to look at the mattress whereupon a small ant was crawling across it! i quickly called to the men who brought it up to take a look since i thought i was about to loose my mind (or maybe i was on candid camera?) they were so slow to respond and rude that they did not see it. regardless i had reached the end of my rope. i called My sister to come get our children and take them to the holiday dinner and the men begrudgingly removed the mattress and unfortunately rolled it over my foot with no apology at all. We were about to leave and go to the Ritz Carlton when a wonderful manager appeared, i genuinely think he felt bad and he seemed embarrassed by what we had experienced. The entire housekeeping staff (at least that's what it felt like)came to clean the room, he reinstated all of our points and treated us to dinner and the spa. yet, we indeed missed the holiday with our family(irreplaceable) and we flew hours from the east coast for this. The next morning in the regency club i knew that more than half the people in the club had never before stayed on that level since people were openly discussing it (and if you read prior posts you will see what i mean). there were no tables , you were not allowed to remove alcoholic beverages out of the room (a first for us) and the idea of "nut free" was nowhere to be found (our child is deadly allergic). enough said? The rest of our stay was uneventful,there was no issue finding seats by the pool. The towel policy is a drag but unfortunately people do take advantage of hotel towels. The hot tubs were not hot and yes the gym was filthy and was filled with little kids they need to have someone attending the gym.The food, as at all Hyatt hotels, was delicious.did we enjoy? yes in a way that all people begin to relax and enjoy Hawaii. will we go back? don't think so , not to the Hyatt. It took 6 calls to get my "points" reinstated. When i spoke to someone in corporate i guess they figured i was a small fish in their big pond of corporations etc so who really cares? well Hyatt, in this day and age of financial uncertainty it would behoove you to treat your loyal non corporate customers a wee bit better and maybe you guys can throw in something better than a thread bare yellow towel? for shame!