Please be aware of this hotel based on what you are accustomed to. If you do not travel often or you are ok with staying at an Econo Lodge, Red Roof Inn, Days Inn or a Super 8 motel  then you would think the Hyatt Regency Maui is a grand hotel (compared to what you are accustomed to). However, if you are used to staying at real 3 stars or above (4 or 5 star) hotels, then this place is definitely not for you! This hotel, although it is rated 4 stars and Conde Nast had the nerve to put it on the top Maui hotels list, it is more like a 2 star hotel in terms of quality, cleanliness and customer service. My husband and I would compare it to a very bad Embassy Suites (in fact the Hyatts atrium has the same motif). We have stayed at several very nice hotels and this Hyatt was not even comparable to a $150 - $250 per night hotel room (and it cost much more)!! Firstly, the service was less than desirable. We tried not to complain since it was our Xmas holiday trip with our two children, but it was unbearable and we could not hold out much longer. Our room was not cleaned properly (no vacuuming, bath room not sanitized nor cleaned thoroughly) for several days. Only after we escalated the issue to the housekeeping management was the room prepared in a presentable fashion during the daily cleaning (and we are not the type of hotel patrons that trash a room since we keep our things very orderly and tidy). The restaurant, SonZ, inside the hotel is not a part of the Hyatt. I would strongly discourage anyone from eating dinner at this place! They brought us dinner rolls that were literally not cooked (you could pull the bread apart and see all of the gummy yeast!), and the focaccia bread served with the rolls was stale and very hard! We did not dine there once we experienced this mess, and promptly left the restaurant. The atrium grounds and the pool area (particularly the waterslide and kids pool area) are good for families since there are many exotic birds and pool toys that children can enjoy. Other than that, the hotel is a dump! If the service was better, it may have compensated for the less-than-good quality hotel cleanliness, but the service was awful and not what youd expect from a Hyatt. The Asian statues around the hotel lobby area were not even dusted since you could see the excessive dust build up on the statues and pedestal stands. The large windows in the rooms and throughout the hotels common areas were also not cleaned regularly and we even spotted several big cob-webs that were evident that the spiders had been living there for quite some time! PLEASE do yourself a favor and stay at a really nice place if you are planning a trip to Maui. We went to visit the Four Seasons and this hotel truly lives up to the5 star status it has been bequeathed. Believe me, depending on what you are accustomed to, it will be worth the $.