We just returned from a 7 day stay at the Hyatt Regency Maui. They are currently constructing/remodeling the poolside restaurant. At first, it was merely a minor eyesore and the sound of small tractors working during the day. We thought it strange they would undertake a major project like that during the busy Spring Break period, but we're pretty easy going and decided to just try to ignore it. It turns out that the majority of the week we had to endure the constant noise of jack hammers breaking up cement or volcanic rock- not sure what... but it was deafening when you were at the pool, and loud even in our 10th floor hotel room with the door closed. I complained to the manager and he gave a weak apology and offered us a paltry $200 credit toward our $5000 hotel bill. I've noticed Marriott clearly explains construction plans and possible noise on their websites so that guests can be informed in advance. Hyatt chooses not to do so, and then offers insulting compensation for a ruined week in paradise. Also, one out of the three main elevators was out of service the entire week we were there. We occasionally saw people working on it, but it never operated the whole time we were there. This sometimes made for a long wait for the elevator. We were traveling with my elderly mother who uses a mobility scooter. Technically the hotel is handicap accessible, but they could do much to make things easier. The pull up valet parking area is very busy and we often felt unsafe as we tried to load and unload mom and her equipment. The valets insist on backing all the cars up to the curb and the ramp areas were sometimes blocked by parked cars. Once on the grounds of the hotel, it was very difficult to figure out where ramps and walkways were located that would enable her to reach the different levels of the grounds. It would be very helpful if they would create some kind of map our guide to the hotel for handicapped visitors and guests. The grounds, view and setting of this hotel are beautiful. The pool was great fun for our kids. It's a shame that Hyatt management takes such a dim view of their guests and refuses to inform them of major construction projects in advance, or fairly compensate them for an unpleasant stay.