Don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful place and is actually in Ka'anapali, not Lahaina. It's a bit of a drive to get to Lahaina and Front Street shopping area. The beach is almost non-existent in front of the hotel. If you walk along down a ways the beach will widen, but I was not impressed with Ka'anapali Beach at all, after having been in Oahu and seeing some of the gorgeous beaches there, this did not compare beauty-wise. The hotel was very crowded which is probably normal at this time of year. We stayed in Oahu from 12/22 to 12/28 and Maui from 12/28 to 1/2/08. But the service was not good for the amount of money I had to shell out to stay at this place! First of all, you CANNOT, I REPEAT, CANNOT get a chair at their wonderful pool area unless you high tail it down there at 7 a.m. to get a towel and throw it on a chair. I never would do this because I thought it was not fair if I was not going to be at the pool to "save" chairs. But everyone else in the joint seemed to. We would arrive at the pool at 8:00 am only to find every pool chaise, chair, table covered with the Hyatt's blue/white stripe towels, but somehow the people would not be anywhere in site! On my last day, I had had enough and asked about this and asked if a cabana boy would find my family some chairs. They tried, but had no luck. They told me they would start "tagging" chairs every hour and when chairs were unattended, even if they had a towel, they would clear the chair and make it available for other customers use. I actually saw the first round of the "tagging" which consisted of a note left on select chaise lounge chairs. Notes that were blowing away with the trade winds because they were not secured in any way to the chairs. I saw one round of this and never saw any cabana boys or employees remove the towels and make them available to others. I cannot stress to you how many people were doing this. Securing chairs early in the morning and they may or may not even show up until later in the afternoon! It was madness! The Hyatt has probably the biggest and most popular pool in Maui, but it was such a shame to not be able to enjoy it because there is NO WHERE to go to sit when you want to lay out or get out of the pool and soak up the sun. This is my first complaint. Second...Don't eat at Cascades in the hotel. Service was awful. We had reservations and pretty much got right in at our assigned time. No problem. Getting waited on was a different matter. Our waiter never greeted us, never took a drink order (we had to only drink water that was given to us by the greeter). He delivered our food to the table and that was THE ONLY time we saw him. No, "can I get you anything else? How's the food? How about dessert?" NOTHING! We finally asked for our ticket after he never came back and complained to the manager who promptly credited our hotel account for the dinner. This is a $$$ restaurant (our meal was $127 with no drinks and for two people!) I was pleased that the management was so eager to remedy the situation, but I would never recommend the restaurant. We also had room service from Spats (also in the Hyatt Regency). Food was good, but very small portions and very pricey as well. Would not recommend eating there either. Try to get out of this hotel to eat. This is very hard considering Lahaina is several miles down the road and there is not much else in Ka'anapali except pricey hotels and their own restaurants. A note on the aloha experience....Since Waikiki was our first stop we found it to be a very friendly place. We stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel which I will review separately. The staff there were amazing! We commented each day on how friendly everyone was, even the people working in the ABC stores (which are on every block in Waikiki) and even the workers in the International Marketplace. There was a BIG difference in how friendly people were in Oahu vs. Maui. I had big expectations for Maui because I had always heard it was so beautiful! it is beautiful, but it did not live up to my expectations and in my opinion the beaches don't compare to Oahu. If you are looking for a resort community with not a lot to do then this is your place. My last comment will be with Pacific Whale Foundation's L'anai/molokini crater snorkeling tour. We booked two days in advance and it happened to be raining the day of our tour. No big deal right? WRONG. Don't go if it is raining. You will waste your money snorkeling because it mixes up the water and you will not have good visibility. The trip should have been cancelled, but Pacific Whale Foundation did not cancel it. They did not tell us until we were ON THE BOAT that we would not be able to go to Molokini Crater because of the weather. What a let down. Also, there is no "seeing" L'anai either because they don't dock at a beach. They took us to an alternate spot called Shark Fin Cove (which I later found in my Hawaii books listed as not a good snorkeling spot). It was not a good spot. Low visibility. Very bad weather. Okay, now the trip back to Maui took over 2 hours! Apparently the channel between Lanai and Maui was rough (so the captain said) and they told us it would be a little bit more bumpy coming back. A little bumpy does not describe this! It was MISERABLE. I have never gotten sea sick or motion sick in all of my life! and I was sick and so were about half the people there. People were holding trash bags and filling them up! It was very scary. 6-8 foot waves which meant we were crashing on the waves about 10-12 feet. I will never use them again. Like I said, they should have cancelled the trip! It was dangerous and no one got their money's worth except for The Pacific Whale Foundation.