We stayed 4 nights at this hotel in the week before Christmas. We were disappointed with most things here. 1. We were in a room in the Napiili tower. The hallways, carpets and elevators seem quite old and not very well cleaned. The elevators were also having some maintenance done, slow to respond. 2. The room smelled like smoke even though it was supposed to be a king non-smoking. It was very large, no complaints there. But again old-ish carpeting and furniture. It suits a Days Inn or something, not an expensive Hyatt (we paid ~250 a night on priceline). I haven't seen a curved screen CRT TV in a looong time and was surprised to find one in the room! Not even a flat screen CRT, that is the norm in any decent hotel now, if not LCD/Plasma. 3. The resort fee is compulsory and an absolute waste. Everyone has cell phones now, who needs unlimited local dialing ? How many people play tennis on a vacation, especially if the court is at the other end of the hotel grounds. All the more frustrating because at our stay the previous two nights at Marriott Waikoloa, the resort fee included daily mai tai's for two, and half-day snorkeling rentals. The resort fee here is a complete sham. 4. No fee for parking, phew. At Marriott Waikoloa we paid $7 a day. 5. The location. It is on the Ka'anapali beach alright. But it is at one corner of the beach. And this corner is no good. There are small rocks, you can't really swim or snorkel near the shore. The sand isn't very soft and clean. This beach is only good for walks. 1 mile up near the Sheraton the beach becomes really nice. So if you're looking for a romantic beach to relax at, this ain't it. 6. Worst of all, crowds. This is a large hotel, Vegas-style. They have all kinds of creatures and birds and stuff, so family oriented. But it was pretty crowded this time of year. There is one large pool and that has loads of people in it. In the afternoon it takes quite a while to find chairs. It has only one whirlpool and that is just ridiculous for so many rooms. That whirlpool/jacuzzi/spa is always crowded and you don't really feel like relaxing there with 15 other people. The facilities are just not adequate and enough for the number of guests they have. All in all, we were very dissappointed especially considering our stay at Marriott Waikoloa was splendid. I would highly recommend the Big Island over Maui due to crowds. The Big Island was way more peaceful with lots of nice beaches. While you're in Maui though, make sure you go down to the beaches in the south. Makena's big beach was awesome fun with clear water and nice waves breaking 5 feet from the shore. Wailea also seemed a nice beach, calmer than Makena. The road trip to Hana was not at all worth it. Driving all the way on that frustrating highway to see a few pools was quite a waste. Also try making the Haleakala summit at sunrise. It gets crowded but its a very nice view and some nice hikes to the craters.