We stayed at this hotel in mid-July, 2007. While the grounds are beautiful (after all, this is Hawaii!) their was construction going on that we were not informed of, and the walls in our hallway were patched, or needed to be patched, giving it the look of a construction zone. We returned to our room one day to see a hotel gardener attending to some plants that could only be reached from our balcony--We THINK he was legitimate, and nothing was missing. The pool/beach area is incredible and as a result we had a great time, but I feel obligated to report their ongoing mini-bar scam. There is a tray on a bureau facing you when you enter the room. On the tray are the usual mini-bar items--cookies, nuts, candy bars, all triple the price you would normally pay, and we never use these items, nor do we use them and then replace them the next day to avoid getting charged. BUT--Hyatt's new system, that even their customer service representative that we spoke to on our return was unaware of, is a tray with a sensor. Any time something is removed from the tray, the sensor is activitated and your room is charged for the price of the item in that location. Noticing Mini-bar charges mysteriously appearing when checking our bill on the TV screen, by Day 3 I had the mini-bar removed and asked to have the sensor de-activated. They took the food out but apparently did not de-activate it, so any time we placed something on the tray, or removed it, we got billed for a mini-bar item. When I tried to have the charges removed, Shane at the front desk told me he had no way of knowing whether we had the items removed so he could not remove the charges. I was told that room service does the mini-bar so he didn't know if in fact they had removed the food. Eventually, after many long discussions, they removed the one or two hundred dollars of charges. Check out took 45 minutes to remove new charges from the last day, and what put us over the edge was to see an extra charge on my credit card after we had checked out. I called the hotel and was told it was a mini-bar charge. I was promised it would be reversed, but that did not happen yet (I've been working on it for 4 weeks). I am convinced this is a way Hyatt collects a lot of extra cash. I am sure there are plenty of less observant clients who don't check their bills and miss the extra charges. Watch out!