We booked a trip to Maui and Kauai as a family vacation - my wife wanted to go to Maui and I wanted to go to Kauai. We chose the Hyatt to stay at due to all the reviews of Grand Wailea being really crowded and not to mention very expensive as well as the other hotels in Wailea. When we arrived at the Hyatt it was packed and we were waiting in a line of cars for the valet so we could check in. We finally got up to the entrance and went to check in and found out that they had overbooked the hotel and we'd put us up for the night at the Ritz Carlton and to check back the following day to see if they had a room available. Lucky for us, All State Insurance was having their annual awards conference at the hotel and also the Westin and Marriott so needless to say it was a zoo. At this point our 3 yr old son was tired and cranky and had a meltdown in the lobby. Good thing we booked this hotel months in advance! If it was just my wife and I it wouldn't be a big deal but when traveling with kids, incidents like these are big deals. So back in the car we went and headed to the Ritz. We called the next morning and they had a room for us - upgraded to a deluxe ocean view and they also provided us a $250 credit to use at hotel for food/beverage. That was nice but the fact that we had to check out by noon at the Ritz so we basically lost a day due to having to change hotels. When we arrived at the room they left us a basket of treats/drinks for our trouble - nice touch - but it was 2 double beds where we requested a king. They quickly found us another ocean view room so we checked into that one and it was a nice room. Here's the rest of the scoop on the hotel: Pool: Really great pool with the waterfalls and the best kids (toddlers) area I've seen at a pool with the sand and wade it pool and the small slide. The adult slide was also really cool. The only downside is that with it being so crowded people show up before breakfast to put towels on chairs to reserve them so the hotel actually has people running around asking if other people have seen people using the chairs and if not they remove the towels and give them to other people. Not exactly a quiet and relaxing vacation spot with all the people around due to the All State Insurance conference Restaurants: We ate a Spats restauraunt and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The food wasn't very good and it was extremely over-priced. Our waitress didn't really know what she was doing and the service was extremely slow. So slow that when our food finally arrived our son started to fall asleep at the table so we had to take his to go. We also ate at the Rusty Harpoon at the Fisherman's Village and again the food was overpriced and wasn't very good. I really expected a lot better that what we get in Dallas but I was surprised that we get better seafood meals at high end restaurants in Dallas for the same price. Overall the hotel was ok but I personally wouldn't go back to Maui, I'd really recommend going to Kauai and skipping Maui all-together.