We stayed here for part of our honeymoon from Oct 23-Oct 30. It was not worth it....granted the grounds are beautiful...but everything else is extremely lacking. The staff was not too friendly, we checked in only to find our 'partial ocean view' was one of a rooftop, other tower and crane. You could only see the ocean if you went out on the balcony and looked over. I called to ask about it and they said that is the best they had, would not upgrade us unless we paid. I would have never opted for a partial ocean view to look at that every day!!! That night, we heard the band clear as day in our room (DON'T stay in the Atrium tower either!!!)...we heard every foot step on the tile hallways and the people next to us opening and closing their doors. I called our travel agent the next day and she called the hotel and nothing was done about it. The band played every night and the noise just echoed in the atrium....they stopped by 10pm, but when you are on vacation and want to relax, I am not paying to hear a band play, I am paying for a quiet, nice room....and in Maui there are ALOT of early adventures people go on and like to get up early...it was awful! The other main gripe I have besides all the noise is the resort fee...you pat $15 every day for access to the fitness area and basically nothing else....you have to pay extra for valet parking($12 per night) otherwise you have to self park your car...which we didn't mind and were glad to do, only to find out that you have to hunt for a parking space each time and all the spaces are cramped because they only give you two tiny lots to choose from for all those cars!!!...you also have to pay to get chairs on the beach...otherwise you can get a chair by the pool which was insanely crowded..it reminded me of the pools in Vegas...they cram you all around and there is NO space between chairs...also no fridge in the room....you have to call and ask and be put on a wait list for it... I honestly wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone...it was NOT worth what we paid for!