We stayed at the Hyatt for a couple of nights in early December and found it to be a rather average experience. Needless to say our arrival did not go as well as our arrivals at other hotels. We got out of the taxi, took out our luggage and then, when the bellmen didnt even move an inch, we were forced to drag our bags into the lobby. Thanks for the help guys. Check-in was pretty painless, the guy behind the counter did go out fo his way to upgrade our room which was a VERY nice gesture, but then he sent us over to the bellstand where a woman waited for us to drag our stuff over. I gave her the ticket to have our bags taken up to our room. She glanced at it, then noticed it was out honeymoon. She then proceeded to this HUGE rack of leis and gave 2 of them to us. Wow, I feel so special. The room was an ok room- it was about what I was expecting. Good size, the bed was very comfortable, but the balcony was VERY shallow, only deep enough to fit 2 chairs. The view was fantastic though, looking out over the pool and then the ocean- the guy behind the desk did us a big favor, and we were grateful. We set out to walk around the hotel, starting with the lobby. The lobby is pretty impressive to look at- a jungle garden like scene that rises about 10 stories above your head. There are a couple of problems with this impressive design. First things, if it rains, youre getting wet. Also, with the side facing the ocean open, if you are there on a windy day (as I was), the wind will whip and howl through there like nobody's business. Another downside is that this lobby is like a large echo chamber. The sound just bounces all the way up- to the point where if a bartender drops a glass at the Weeping Banyan at night, you will hear it in your room. The entire hotel felt a little crowded. It was at capacity, but it wasnt set up to handle capacity. From the lobby to the pool, there is only one narrow staircase where you are constantly bumping into people. Not too pleasant. There are two pools, but they are so littered with chairs that you have to practically step on someone to get to the pool, and its the major pool and some childrens playground, nothing else. The beach is VERY small and after you get out about 15 feet, there is a lot of coral there, so be careful. If you want to head to Black Rock, figure about a 20-30 minute walk. Down there the beach is much more spacious. One sensation that I felt the entire time I was there was that they were trying to get my money everywhere I went, unless I wanted to spend it. There is also very little variety in terms of food. For breakfast you have a choice of two buffets. No light options are available. The prices are $20-$25 per person for breakfast, gone. Plus the line outside the only open breakfast place in the morning (Swan Court) makes you feel like cattle. The choices for lunch were even slimmer and we never even ate dinner at the hotel due to its lack of variety. I had just come from two hotels MUCH SMALLER than the Hyatt where they offer many many more possibilities. Hyatt needs to really open up the possibilities here. Also, DO NOT GO SHOPPING THERE!!! I cannot possibly say this enough. The stores gouge here like I have never seen before. *In one store where they sell daggers and axes with all sorts of flambouyant verbage for each item, I found an indonesian doorstop. Pretty cool looking, it was a frog and the price tag said $22. I flipped it over and saw some sticker reading "Duck Pond 8-". Curious, I asked the lady what it meant. Turns out it was the price tag from the store they got it from. $8 to $22!!! Whats more, they were caught red handed and wouldnt give it to me for $8. *In the quilting store I had heard stories about the quilting in Hawaii, and that the reasonably priced ones are Hawaiian designed, made in Phillipeans, while the real Hawaiian made ones are more expensive. So looking at the store, I thought I found an 'authentic' quilting. The guy said that they were made in the Philippines. But they cost $90!!! The ones made in the Phillipeans cost about $30. Basically he was charging Hawaiian made prices for foreign made stuff. ***DO NOT SHOP HERE*** Dont get me wrong, we did enjoy our stay at the Hyatt- just not nearly as much as the other places we were. When you consider the price of our room was only $3 less expensive than a VASTLY superior hotel in Wailea, when going to Maui, you can do a LOT better than going to the Hyatt.