Quickly & Succinctly (i hope)....my husband and i stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Kaanapali from Sept. 23-28. The Good - The resort is absolutely beautiful on the outside - the gardens, wildlife (swans, flamingos, penguins, koi fish, cranes and parrots), poolside and beach front. The Lacking Room & Service - they were nice enuf to upgrade us to a partial oceanview and looking out from the (really) tiny balcony we could see the pool, gardens and ocean to the right. however, i've stayed in rooms that were much more luxurious and paid less at an all-inclusive. there's no full length mirror, no iron or ironing board (u have to call for it) and their policy is to only change the sheets after 4 nights and u'll only get turndown service if u request it. i requested clean sheets nightly and turndown service and still didn't get it until i put in a second phone call. Nickel & Diming ya - the resort has a lot going on, but you've gotta pay. if u want to sit on the very narrow beach bring your towel and be prepared to station yourself in front of those lounging on wood loungers with the covered cabanas that one must rent. the star-gazing event at the resort is $20 per person. the yoga and all other classes had a fee. everything has a price tag. oh yes, and how can i forget the rip-off $15 per night resort fee! it's a total crock. it's not optional and is supposed to cover the cost of your daily newspaper, use of the in-room safe and coffee pot and little things like that. why not just include it in the room rate?! besides, other nicer hotels include these things for free or it's just part of the room rate. What We Liked - the gym was nice and apparently open at all times with good equipment. the breakfast buffet was delicious (the chocolate-banana cake divine!) and it was $21.95 pp+tax. (so it ain't cheap!) (we checked the dinner menu and most entrees were $36. we found good and reasonable dinner spots elsewhere). the free self-parking lot was an advantage, but it was usually packed and the spaces are tight. Tips - get your water from the Safeway in Lahaina. (the fiji bottles in the room were $4.50 each) and we bought our souvenir pineapples from there too (the produce guy was terrific and full of information!). and u can get cheap excursions or even free ones by attending a timeshare presentation (just stick to saying NO). the westin even gives u $100. Last Piece of Advice - save some money, get better service, better facilities and a better time in the Caribbean. St. Lucia's LeSport Body Holiday was heaven and the Dominican Republic's Secrets Resort is also a slice of perfection - both places are all inclusive with terrific food and LeSport even gives u daily spa treatments. And finally...will we go back? NOPE.