For the $465+ a night that we were charged, this hotel was a bitter disappointment. Although not mandatory, they basically insure that you must pay the additional $15 resort fee that is over and above the price of the room. If not, they charge you an additional $4 a day to use the in room safe as well as an extra $3 a day to use the in room coffee machine. For the resort fee, Hyatt provides tha Maui news, access to the health and tennis clubs. However, if you want to watch the tv while exercising, there is an additional $10 charge for headphones. If you want to use the tennis courts there is an additional $10 charge to rent a racquet. On our second of a seven night stay, we discovered ants in our bathroom. We were assured that they were "water ants" and they would spray for us. What's worse is when we turned down the sheets one afternoon, we discovered another unidentified insect (not ants). Again, we called housekeeping and were once again assured that they will take care of the problem. Besides, the insect infestation, you get the sense that Hyatt was nickel and diming you to death. My son asked for chocolate chips for his pancakes one morning and was told there would be an extra charge. If you wanted to go on their "sunrise walk" at the hotel there was an additional $10 charge. If you wanted to go on their astronomy tour where they take you to the roof of the hotel to look at the stars there was an additional $20 charge. Internet access was a connection fee of $5 and $1 for each additional minute. We wound up going to an internet cafe in Lahaina where we got 20 minutes of connection time for $2. The self parking was an adventure as well. The spots were incredibly narrow and the number of spots was limited. Again, they are basically insuring that you use their valet service for an extra fee. I can see these extra charges if you were staying at some cut rate hotel but at $465 a night.....come on. On the plus side, the beds were incredibly comfortable (when I was checking for insects) and my two children had a great time at the pool. We sure expected more.