My impression of the Kaanapali Beach Hotel is that it is likely a shadow of its former self. It looks like at one point, perhaps in the 70s, this was THE place to be, but has since rested on its laurels and reputation and depends on repeat business from people who remember it in its hey-day. A sign of this was when they had their goodbye ceremony. I think at one point this must have been a grand ceremony where the entire staff came out to sing goodbye to the guests and gave them leis but it has been downgraded to one person singing along with a recording. I think this is probably symptomatic of how much this place is cutting corners and going downhill from its former glory. Granted, it is in a great location just by Black Rock on the beautiful Kaanapali Beach, I expected more for the price I paid for this prime location. The buildings and dcor similar to what you would find in an average motel on the mainland. At no point during our stay did I feel like we were at a resort just a place to sleep near the beach with a restaurant and live music. And thats what we treated it as but at nearly $200 a night, I really did expect much, much more. My biggest complaint is about what happened to me and my wife during and after the Tsunami Warning of mid-march 2011. When the warning was issued at 10PM, the security staff very rudely entered our room with their master key and informed us that we have to evacuate the room immediately and that they would come in every hour until we did so. When I asked where we were supposed to go, they didnt have an answer for us. When we finally got an answer, it was not ideal. The only place they could evacuate us to was the outdoor 6th floor hallway and we would have to sleep on the floor until morning. My wife was sick, and I did not want to expose her to the elements. The staff there seemed very unsympathetic to our dilemma. Instead of risking pneumonia on the floor in an outdoor hallway, we chose to sleep in our car until morning. When I asked for a refund for the night we spent in the car instead of in the beds they were contractually obligated to provide for us, we received no reply. I understand that it was an unusual situation, but my complaint was that they offered no recourse other than to deal with it. It seemed that when the warning was issued, they washed their hands of us and didnt really care if we were comfortable just that we were out of harms way so that if by the remote chance something did happen, we couldn't sue. We entrusted this place with our hard-earned vacation time and money and expected to be treated better than the treatment we got both during and after the pseudo-crisis. I think this situation summed up what this hotel has become. The analogy would be an old crooner who thinks hes still relevant today and thinks that people should like him because he used to have talent but in reality doesnt give a lick about his audience and is only doing it for the money. And people still swoon because they remember how it USED to be and cant open their eyes to the present reality.