The hotel is a good location, and the employees are nice. However, this is about it. If you want a place close to the beach, this is probably the best value around that area. However, this is about all you will get. I had two rooms (one for me, another for my in-laws), and my wife found two roaches in our room, another in the other room... . Even worse, people from both rooms in my party started to have marks of bug bites after just one night.... Everybody are now itching. After I checked on the Internet, it seems to be bedbugs... ouch... This hotel is probably not the only one with this type of problem, but the hotel was not that clean (in my opinion). Also, the A/C is ancient and noisy. It was like a puzzle to close the veranda door in a way that it would make the AC restart! I needed to call maintenance three times to close the door... In the end, we just gave up about using the veranda due to this problem. They provide with a "free" breakfast in the first morning, but just skip it and use your time in a better way.... It is just a pitch about tourist trap activities. They say they don't receive any commissions, but who is actually verifying their claims? The breakfast is just pineapples, eggs, sausage and danish.... They will hold you there for 45 minutes, and make you wait quite a long time since everybody must enter the room at the same time. They will give you a LOUSY powerpoint presentation (that seemed assembled by a middle schooler!) for all that time..... They are some interesting free Hawaiian activities, but they make you sign up in advance, so you need to build your schedule around them --- what made them worthless to me. We booked the "Ocean partial view". Technically, it is correct, but the coconut trees blocked almost the entire "partial" view , so it was not worthy paying the extra money in hope to be able to see a little bit of ocean... If they place you at the "Maui" or "Lanai" wing, jsut ask to be move to other places. It is quite way in the back, bad view and we needed to walk through the lobby to go back to our rooms. Very inconvenient. This may be a good hotel for someone willing to save a few bucks for a beachfront hotel in Kaanapali area, but if you a *clean*, resort-like feeling hotel better look for another one...