My travel agent spouse and I decided to stay here for a few days after reading some of the reviews on here. She wanted to review the property since more Canadians are visiting Maui than ever. We are both very experienced travelers and not especially demanding. Firstly, I'm baffled by some reviewers who have given this hotel such a high ranking. It makes me wonder where else they've been staying. For the money, there are much better values on Maui. On the plus side, the room was clean, the cleaning staff very polite and the grounds well maintained. The hotel was nowhere near as crowded as the other hotels. If that's all you are looking for, you'll be ok. Now the negative side. The service at the front desk over the weekend was at best indifferent. To be fair, it was a different person on Monday and she was very friendly and helpful. We were put in a room with a lanai for smokers and when we asked to change (my spouse has very bad asthma), we were told we were lucky to get what we had and not to complain. I don't think the hotel was full so I suspect the desk person couldn't be bothered for some reason. Needless to say, my spouse couldn't go outside since the neighbours to our right were heavy smokers and a first attempt sit on the the lanai resulted in a cloud of smoke coming our way and lots of coughing on my part and hers. There was no mention of the construction that starts at 8 a.m. when we booked. For reasons unknown, we were not given the 20 dollar breakfast coupon that supposedly came with our room or any of the advertised features that came with the room usually. Not part of our package we were told. Why? No one could say. Again, this was never mentioned to us when we checked in or when we booked on the phone. Who wants to spend 36 dollars per person on breakfast? They did advertise breakfast for 14 dollars but the person at the restaurant said we needed the 20 dollar coupon. Huh? We found the restaurant overpriced and not very good. I would suggest the Hula Grill in the property next door instead or the restaurants in Whaler's Village. There are no beach towels and to rent a lounge chair will cost you anywhere from 10 dollars to 30 dollars. The beach staff pack up things at around 5 p.m or so. The beach is not really suitable for swimming so you might be better off at the pool if you have kids or you're a senior. Both computers at the business centre were not working and, on further inquiry, we found out that someone had removed the "out of order" signs on each for some reason. Despite putting a sign out at the door of our room asking not to be disturbed, the cleaning staff came in anyway much to our dismay. At night, we noticed that the back door of the building near the main walkway is left wide open and there is no security in sight. Anyone can walk in without a problem. There were other problems as well but I think the point is made. In short, nothing major but enough to put off some people who are hoping for a hassle free vacation.