Overall, not rated highly on my list of places to stay in Maui. Will give you the pros and cons of that decision. On the plus side, the hotel is in a good location with a very great beach running along the front and right next door to the Black rock by the Sheraton. You can snorkel off the beach right there at Black Rock and you can walk the pathway along other hotels and to Whalers Village which has lots of shops and eateries. That said, the hotel itself is very dated. The original room we were given and the building it was in needs renovating desperately. It was very rundown looking from the hallways, to the rickety elevator, to the room itself. Didn't feel or smell clean to me. Viewwise, our room provided a view of the parking lot & small shrubbery path not well kept. This was advertised as the garden view. After a few days I realized that we were in the oldest section and that others had been updated more recently. With the hotel seeming not that full on guests, I asked for a less run down room, which they accommodated right away. Second room was certainly an improvement. Newer carpet, appeared cleaner, and some general updates. Smelled much cleaner too. Balcony view was much better, faced inner court . Must say the staff was always very friendly and helpful to us, Staying here I felt I was at an outdated tourist hotel. The entertainment was not bad but a little too old style entertainment for us although we are not young by any means. If you are looking for good location, don't care about the amentiies or ambiance, just a good location then perhaps this might work for you if you have one of the newer rooms. In fairness the food was not too bad. This is not the hotel you will rave about to your friends or cherish the memories of the luxuriousness of your stay. It is more the econo hotel you will say that you stayed at because it was more affordable in comparison to others, you didn't need anything upscale and don't care about esthetics and you just want a good beach, convenient location and nothing else matters. I honestly will not recommend to my friends.