I was optimistic about this hotel after reading the majority of the reviews. However, I must say that my wife and I were disappointed in our overall stay at the KBH. Ill give you the facts of our stay (both good and bad) and you can decide. Let me also preface this by saying that I am certainly not a pre-Madonna or an overly pampered traveler. I am 26 years old, and I have stayed in virtually all classes of hotels in my life, from 1-2 star Microtel, Motel 6, Days Inns and Best Westerns to Westin, Omni and Marriott resorts. We arrived at the KBH and checked in only to find out that they had oversold the hotel and we did not have a room. However, they did send us to the Hyatt Regency on Kaanapali for the first night While this was an nconvenience, we looked at the positive of getting to spend one night a the nicest hotel on Kaanapali (the Hyatt was amazing, but thats another story). I was assured that our room at the KBH would be ready for us when we returned the next day at noon. It was not. Once we actually received access to the room, we found it to be dated (I was expecting this) and slightly musty. Our garden view room actually was a view of the Whaler hotel next door rather than what we were expecting and had been advertised, a view of the nice garden and courtyard of the KBH. The rest of our stay was relatively uneventful until the day of checkout. Even though checkout is listed as 11am, we received a knock on the door from housekeeping at 8:15am that morning. As someone who has worked in customer service previously, I wonder what kind of message that is sending to your guests that you want them out of the room ASAP on the morning of checkout. In addition, when we made the initial reservation, we were told that they would have a courtesy room available for our use since our flight did not depart until 10pm. However, when we checked in, we found out we were only allowed 30 minutes. This, coupled with the fact that the room was located at the absolute furthest point from the hotel lobby (meaning a 5 minute walk each way) meant we only had about 20 minutes for two persons to shower and change. When we finally arrived at the courtesy room, we found the bathtub full of water and only one clean towel to be found. As I mentioned earlier, there were positive aspects to the hotel. The location on Kaanapali is excellent. There courtyard is pleasant and the pool (while very small) doesnt feel at all crowded. The hotel staff was polite and the bell and valet staff did a great job. Moreover, we we not about to let a bad hotel experience ruin our time on beautiful Maui. Nonetheless, with all of the negative aspects that we experienced, especially on the last day, we wont choose this hotel again.