We were extremely disappointed with our five night stay at the Outrigger Maui El Dorado from October 30  November 3, 2006. We informed the hotel upon making our reservations that we were spending our honeymoon in Maui. Yet, the hotel placed us in Room E206. This studio condominium was located directly adjacent and below other condominiums that were being completely renovated. After returning to our room after a day at the beach, we were shocked to see construction workers in the adjacent condo tearing up tiles by hammering and removing a pillar to lanai with a jackhammer. When we entered our studio condo, we could see that we were breathing in dust from the drywall work and tile/concrete removal. Being placed in this condominium is unacceptable by any standards, and we were insulted that the hotel would do such a thing. We were moved to a quieter condo after complaining to the manager. This was pretty inconvenient in that we had to repack all of our belongings and uproot ourselves from our condo at a time that we should have been preparing to go out to dinner. This hotel was under widespread renovations throughout our stay and you could not escape the noise and sight of construction. This was not disclosed to us either prior to or after checking in., and the staff decided to let us find out on our own about the constant disturbances here. We would not recommend that anyone stay here based on the staff and the bad decisions they have made in the past. Parking is a little tight especially if you return to the hotel after 8-9 p.m. It costs $5 a day. The condos themselves can be a litle scuzzy, for example, mold on the shower curtains, grease stains on pots and pans. You definitely get the feeling that you are borrowing a friend's townhouse for the weekend when you stay here. It is comfortable, but the condos still have that lived in feeling. One bright spot about this hotel is that it is well priced for its location, directly across a small fairway from the Sheraton, right off of Kaanapali Pkwy. and a 7-10 minute walk to Whaler's Village. The walk up/down the hill to Kaanapali Pkwy. is infested with insects (i.e. giant red cockroaches) who are crossing the sidewalk to get to the golf course that is watered at night. If you don't like bugs, stay away from this hill and take your car down. Overall, you should try to stay at a hotel right on Kaanapali Parkway, You will have a shorter walk and will find nicer accomodations down there.