My initial impression of the Trump was amazing. The valet and bellman staff were excellent. I was greeted by the front desk staff and escorted to a desk immediately upon entering the hotel. I barely said more then my name and the man at the front desk seemed to be instantly knowledgeable about my many room requests and assured me they had been taken care of without me even asking yet. The hotel and the room looked very clean and well kept. These are the reasons my rating is 2 stars instead of 1. The reason I had so many room requests at booking my stay is because myself and my two children are extremely allergic to feathers. My kids get asthma, I however get pneumonia if I breathe them in. I explained this at booking and was assured my room would be clean and removed of any feather products before I got there. This is key, because I can go into a room that has had feathers but I cannot go in one that currently has feathers. Anyone that has squished a feather pillow or comforter knows why, they send hundreds of minute feather pieces into the air. Anyways we get to our room and my husband checks for feathers. He finds a feather comforter and two pillows in the cabinets. He finds one feather pillow on the bed. We call and housekeeping comes up to switch that all out. What we missed and what housekeeping definitely should not have missed now twice is a feather comforter tucked between sheets on the bed. I slept in that bed and was extremely sick in the morning. My husband called the front desk and they were not very accommodating. They gave us the choice of cleaning the room and removing the feathers or putting all of our things in storage and giving us a new room once they dealt with the line of people waiting in the lobby for a room. I was shocked. We didn't have the option of waiting because we had to go to a wedding. In the amount of time they sent that cleaning crew in to clean our room they could have cleaned another one and moved us into it, but they didn't and wouldn't. They didn't offer us any compensation for that one night where they did everything wrong for us. Very disappointing for a hotel that advertises on its high service. If they had cleaned our room right and removed the feathers as promised several times and did not assure us that they were removed and let me enter that room with them in it, I would have given this hotel 5 stars. By the way, upon packing 4 days later we found someones broken belt and some new shirt packaging in the back of a shelf in the clothes cabinet. This is how well they clean this hotel. Since they didn't try to do a thing to make this right for us, I can't see us every staying at a Trump again.