I arrived at the Trump Hotel for a 3 night stay on a Travel Zoo promotion with 2 other girlfriends. We planned on celebrating 2 birthdays and also my bachelorette party. We were awed by the very spacious and smoke free lobby and rooms of the hotel...also, the plush robes and jacuzzi bathtub. We took advantage of the convenient shuttle service that seemed to be always available without ever having to wait. All was going extremely smoothly until the very last night of our stay. The night of the poor security incident we got back from our evening out at around 2:30am and crashed in the super comfy bed and sofa sleeper by 3am. About an hour later at around 4:30am I heard someone trying to use their key to gain entry into our room. They tried unsuccessfully several times and then finally gave up and left. I was wide awake by that point and a bit worried considering that person actually was able to gain access into the foyer area by using their key on the first door which leads to the 2 separate rooms. I laid in bed for about 5 minutes and then heard the person trying to use their key on the door again!!!! This time the key actually worked and the person was able to open the door!!!!! Thankfully, the hotel door guard was secured on the top of the door and the person was only able to open the door a couple of inches. I proceeded to ask them why they were trying to get into our room since only all 3 of our names were listed on the room reservation. They told me their name and their friend's name that "should" be in the room. Neither one of my friends, nor myself, recognized either one of the names provided and let this person know. Then this person asked me, "Are you sure?" I then told this person to leave and that I was going to call security. After arguing with me about whether or not their friend was in the room they FINALLY left. I decided to call the front desk first. The front desk attendant said they would call security for me and get the door lock reprogrammed and new keys reissued. Then a few minutes later security called our room to let me know there was a "mistake" and the security guard was on his way with new keys for our room. About an hour later we heard the security guard enter the foyer area and then saw them slip an envelope with new keys under the door!!! No one at Trump (security or front desk attendant) attempted to apologize for the inconvenience or even ask about what happened...none of the staff members at Trump seemed to even find this occurence to be out of the ordinary at all. While checking out a few hours later, I talked to the manager and explained how alarmed we were that obviously the front desk reissued a key to someone without verifying the names on our reservation or this person's identification! Of course, the front desk attendant and the manager did not see any record of this occurrence on our reservation file. I then went on to explain how we all lost sleep and felt extremely upset and fearful that just about anyone off the street could gain access into our room. The manager FINALLY apologized and issued us a $50 guest inconvenience credit. Cheap if you ask me... Just to let everyone know that may be reading this, from what I experienced, you don't even need to bother with making a reservation at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. You can simply go to the front desk, pick a room number and ask for a room key and you have a free place to stay! Seriously, I would not recommend staying at this hotel, unless you're planning on having a party in your hotel room and will just let anyone into your room for a good time!