We spent our anniversary weekend at Trump in Las Vegas. I really did not expect that I would have to write this review. Upon entering the hotel, it smelled fresh and clean, unlike that of the Casino/Hotels.....but that experience was short-lived. As we entered our room, the stench of stale musty smoke odor was clearly noticable which was a surprise given the "Non-smoking" environment with fees of $250 to anyone who does smoke. The room smelled like an old Motel 6 room. Yuck!! And the worst part? I unpacked my clothes when I got home and they wreak even worse than I thought!! The showerhead was a cheap shower head with lime deposits on it. We didn't find the bed to be as comfortable as we have experienced in other hotels. And when we did get in bed, we would only be asleep a few hours when we would hear the train, every couple of hours. The doors to the shower and commode were difficult and a bit scary to maneuver...always had to make sure it didn't slam closed. The safe jammed and we had to have someone called up to release it so we could use our computer. Everytime we went out, our key cards would demagnatize which we would not find out until we got to our room, in which case we would have to go back to the lobby and have them re-keyed. The explanation was that their keys do that when you put them near other credit cards, cell phones, etc....Every hotel I have stayed in has these key cards and we have never had this problem before. I did address this with the manager the second night we were there and she blamed the key situation on us since we shouldn't put it near our credit cards, etc....and "it happens". Secondly she just suggested that they send someone up to ionize our room for us. She did give us our resort fees back which was a total of $30. I have been in the service industry for many years. If my customers were as unhappy as I was, I would have been tripping all over myself to fix their view of my establishment. I hardly think $30 is tripping over herself. I was very disappointed and will not stay there again.