I often tell my friends to be cautious with reviews as most people only take time to review bad experiences and not good experiences. I have done both, but I travel for pleasure so much that I couldn't review all of my wonderful or marginal experiences. I am taking time to write this review to warm other travelers to Vegas of the disappointment they may experience staying at this inappropriately labeled 5 star hotel in a city with many more better choices. I suggest this hotel for business travelers who are habitual gamblers and must stay away from casino hotels. It is also good for couples or individuals who dislike Vegas and are forced to visit the city and wish to remain alienated from the cities energy. I travel to Vegas about 6 to 8 times a year. I am not a big gambler, but enjoy the energy of the city as well as the restaurants, shows and night life. I have stayed at most of the 4 and 5 star hotels up and down the strip and was anxious to experience the Trump. It was a total disappointment from the moment I walked through the door. When I arrived at 11pm the hotel was dead. There was no one at the bar, in the lobby and most importantly, there was no one to check me in. I walked around the corner behind the podium and announced myself in hopes someone would be in the back room. There was no one. I walked outside and asked the bellman if there was anyone working the front desk. Finally, after about 10 minutes (or more) someone showed up. I was check in and told about the $15 resort fee. I know this has been covered by other reviewers so any guest should be prepared. Resort fees, however, are a sore subject for me as I find them deceptive ways to make additional revenue without fully disclosing the charges to customers when booking a reservation. I can only hope one day that legislatures take note of this fraudulent charge and make all 'resort fees' illegal. I loath that I am charged a fee that covers parking a car when I arrived by taxi and that is not the norm for any other hotel in Vegas. The fee also covered things for which I never use like the newspaper (I use the Internet), coffee (no thanks), pool (it was empty and being repaired), and bottled water (I can pick this up at the mall for a fraction of the fee). Scam. More importantly, the hotel is not on the strip and currently inconvenient for walking to the strip except during daylight hours. If you are unfortunate to be caught staying at this hotel and are reading the review I suggest that you use the mall to transverse the walk to the strip. If you cross the street and turn left you can take the walk into the parking garage and then enter the mall from the doors on the left underground. Then, walk straight ahead and you can get to the strip. At night, forget it. Once the mall is closed walking back to the hotel appeared dangerous because of a lack of sidewalks and lighting. There are so many wonderful restaurants on the strip that I never did try lunch or dinner at the hotel. I did think it was important to give it a try for breakfast. What a disappointment. The day I was there I was the only one in the small part of the restaurant that is cordoned off for breakfast service. I felt like I was staying at an old hotel that had to create a place to serve guests breakfast. Then, the prices were a little high for my independent traveling budget. Okay, I am complaining about money twice in this posting and I am the first to dislike other postings that focus on cost and not the experience. If you have a beverage (coffee, tea or soda), orange juice, oatmeal and a bread you will pay more than $30. I know Vegas is expensive these days, but this place doesn't offer atmosphere or a unique dining experience. At least the nearby Wynn and Palazzo have places with style and excitement for breakfast. The hotel looks like a designers potpourri from a gaudy classless Greek lobby to a lifeless neoclassical elevator area to a modern dysfunctional hotel room. It appears to me that no one could agree on one cohesive look and feel for the property. The hotel room would be impressive in New York, but it is less impressive than competing hotel rooms at the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, The Hotel and others on the strip. On one trip to Vegas I sampled The Signature hotel which is a condominium complex connected to the MGM via a long, and I mean very long, covered walkway. The Trump isn't connected to anything. You are forced to rely on taxis, driving or walking to get to any activity besides watching the car valet or lone bartender organizing his bottles. I would guess that very few of the guests return to this hotel after their first stay. I talked with a couple of other people who were staying at the hotel and disappointed ruled. One can only feel sorry for the investors who purchased rooms at this property as an investment. At night, if you want turn down service you need to call housekeeping and put in your request. If you don't request the service it wont happen automatically. I find this to be the case with many hotels. I find it inconvenient to remember to make that call every evening before going out. Over the course of my stay I did think that the service people were friendly and tried to help. But, there is more to life in Vegas than just good service.