You have to ask yourself what you need and expect in your vacation- It boils down to that. In Playa Del Carmen the sea is so beautiful and the beaches are beyond glorious. When we arrived at HTR after a chaotic shuttle transfer from the airport I just sprinted to the beach. The photos used by HTR to sell the place are very misleading. The photos of clear blue water are taken on the river that flows into the sea next to the resort. There is no beach to enjoy or get into the water. It is contaminated with Mangrove and basically looks like an oil spill happened. I will include photos. The water is black.and they stopped cleaning it up due to the costly effort, so they say. I also love great food. The food schedule is almost laughable. At night you can enjoy the Japanese, Italian, and Mexican restaurants which were all decent.The standard and sub par buffet that is supposed to be available "all the time" is not. My husband and I are not big drinkers, but I have never been to an all inclusive that made it so difficult to get a drink, soft drink, even water throughout the day.There is a Sports Bar that I think is a great concept. except that drinks are only available at night. We are always very polite and gracious people and we are offended when staff is rude. I have never heard the words "we are closed" and "no" anywhere (so much) ever. The positive things, would be comfortable beds and clean rooms and linen all the time. The maids are great. The critters that roam the place were a huge highlight for me. The nature park is 90% swamp but there is one Cenote (Natural spring type pond) that is very cool and you can swim in it. There is no snorkeling anymore provided by HTR because they said people took all the snorkeling gear and they no longer have it.... : ( The cenote would have been great to snorkel in.) The Time share/ownership presentation was fairly professional in my view. I was honest about my reasons for saying no- you have no beach! Your service is moderately bad, why would I buy here? Another crazy issue, sunrise is at 5:45 AM this time of year and the curtains in the room are sheer white- so rise and shine, like it or not. We were also given two full size beds rather than a king size bed which we found annoying because we are a married couple, and generally like to sleep together. We called the front desk and they said nothing was available. My husband and I took the Chitchen Iza tour and very much recommend it. It was a long but amazing day. We also went downtown to the beautiful beaches 2 different days. HTR is pretty far from the downtown area and you will pay $19 each way to go- pretty pricey.My advice- determine what is important to you in your vacation and plan accordingly. My expectations from an all inclusive are very realistic. I don't expect perfection but this place falls short, and a presentation asking me to purchase a $250,000 Villa that does not exist, but they promise it will....at some point is pretty darn funny.