I visited this resort for a friends wedding. As soon as we walked in the issues began. Although I had booked an Ocean View room months earlier, they did not have any available and did not want to tell me so. The room was booked as part of the wedding and all of the guests paid the higher rate for the ocean view, not the Mangrove. Turns out they are one in the same. all of the rooms in the hotel face inward and the hotel is shaped like a U. So only the rooms at the very end get a decent ocean view. For me to see the ocean i had to stick my head out of the balcony and turn it 90 degrees right. I go on many vacations to resorts or beachfront ans am very disappointed. The front desk staff was uncourteous. When i asked to speak with a manager, conveniently every manager was so tied up in a meeting that they couldn't break away to speak with a guest. So much for service. I have been managing restaurants for about a decade and have never been in such an important meeting that a customer had too wait. 30 minutes later and two managers appeared and said that they ha no other rooms which were ocean view. Their solution... get me a cab to take to a different hotel to stay there. How convenient considering I was staying there for a wedding which had about 30 rooms booked, with at least two persons per room. Also, many of the other guest didn't have any view at all nor were our rooms located in a centralized location. This may seem like silly complaining but I have been in the service industry long enough to know bad service when I see it. Our discounted rate shaved about $20 from regular nightly fare, nothing to write home about. I could have booked the Mangrove room directly from there website and saved a significant amount of money. Without getting into too many details, let's just say that the bride and groom were also not too happy when things that the had previously spoken about were not being taken care of. For example the hotel completely changed the menu for the rehearsal dinner. This was set up (at an additional charge to them although the hotel is all inclusive) and we were served the same food that was in the buffet pretty much every other evening. And the beach, well read any other review. It sucks. Specially considering Playa de Carmen it beautiful and only about 15 minutes away. P.S. There are raccoons all over the hotel in the evening and one ran into a friend's room on the ground floor.