Pros: >Nice looking, clean rooms >Free WiFi >Staff was nice (there's a "but" later) Cons: >rooms are nice but the AC went out all the time and the toilets malfunctioned frequently. also, the bathroom doesnt have a door. i was traveling with my dad and we had to stay on our beds if either of us wanted to shower. i also found the beds to be a little uncomfortable. i always woke up with neck and back aches that i dont get at home. >Staff may be nice, but they are the least helpful people. My dad went 30 min early for the bike tour of the grounds and asked several staff members, including a concierge, where to go. They all said to wait where he was. He asked several times as time went by but they said to wait. after an hour he asked again and they said the tour left and it was his fault he wasnt on it. Also, we rented a car but ended up returning it a day early with a full tank of gas (they gave it to us with barely a quarter tank). They refused to give any type of refund for the day we didnt use. Then dad went to the ATM and no ATM anywhere nearby was working. >The food is AWFUL! The buffet has limited selections and the food is basically microwaved lean cuisines. I'm a diver so when I go on vacation i bring wetsuits, bathing suits and sandals. For the rest of the restaurants there's a dress code that dad and i hadn't packed for. I hate that. You also have to make reservations which is ridiculous for an all inclusive hotel. the room service menu has the least desirable food that i've ever seen on a menu. i ordered a veggie sandwich once and it came on soggy bread with one slice of tomato, one piece of lettuce and 2 carrot slices. really? >you cannot get any type of cash from the front desk despite the lack of working ATMs >we booked a dive with Dos Ojos dive shop. We really liked them so we called them direct the next day instead of going thru the hotel. the hotel people FLIPPED OUT because they wanted a 20% cut of what we paid the dive shop. then they kept trying to send us to another place we couldnt call direct. >there was NO info available about the grounds once we got to the hotel. we read about all the cenotes and wildlife that were apart of the grounds but when we got there youd think it didnt exist. we never saw any of it. I work with animals for a living and the wildlife was the main reason we chose this hotel. we didnt see so much as an iguana. Also, the water in the ocean is brown there. >dad and i get up early and dive all day and when we get back we crash pretty early. people party went into the night and its very loud. people were constantly going up and down the halls very loudly and they had some kind of loud party with drums outside every night that kept us up until after 10pm. it sounded like maybe it was fun if thats what you're into but it was annoying for us. >my dad is an alcoholic and has been sober for many years. he was offered a drink and asked for one with no alcohol. when he tasted the drink it tasted of alcohol. he told the bartender, but he swore up and down he put no alcohol in the drink and told my dad the contents of the drink. dad finished the drink and a few minutes later was pretty buzzed and sick and knew he had had alcohol. if you know anything about alcoholism, you know how upsetting something like that is for an alcoholic. dad was pretty devastated. he told a manager, and that manager proceeded to come to our room and check for alcohol and said that my dad drank alcohol somewhere else because the drink did not have alcohol. >i went to the spa to get a facial. it was the least expensive one at $140 (USD). Basically it was an hour long face massage with lotion. ive paid a little more than half that at "The Spa" at South Coast Plaza in California (a VERY nice spa) and gotten the works. I could go on. Pretty much this was the worst hotel we've ever stayed at. The rest of the trip was good...Chichen Itza, Cenote Diving, Whale Shark Diving...all great. But Tres Rios is a terrible hotel and and i definitely would NOT recommend staying there if you are looking for a 5 star hotel