Just got home from Hacienda Tres Rios after an eight night stay with my husband. We were celebrating our 28th wedding anniversary. First I must say we are very good tippers to all the staff including housekeeping, waiters at buffets and dining and drinks waiters. We booked through Orbitz so was not assigned wrist bands which meant we did not get special treatment and was actually told this by a wrist banded Timesharemember that they were told they get special everything. Check in pretty much we got there about 12:30pm, But of course the room wasnt ready. They play the waiting in anticipating game. We live in the Myrtle Beach, SC area which is a beach resort area and they do the same here regardless of whether the room is ready or not. I realize the staff do need a few hours to clean vacating rooms, but why have grid lock and have everybody checking in at once. Assign the rooms as they become available. People were checking out very early in the morning on most days. Saturday & Sunday was the busiest check out and check in, because this is a Time Share Resort. We checked in - you guessed it 3pm. The rooms were very spacious and well appointed along with a very private balcony. No complaints there. It seemed like there were too many service people going in and out of your room on a daily basis. One to deliver toiletries, one to deliver beverages then the housekeeper. We left a tip each day for the housekeeper to come back early one day and the room wasnt serviced, the tip was gone. Shampoo had been delivered though. So I dont know who got the tip. Maybe the first one in. The staff were very polite especially the dining staff. They only work an eight hour day, because we did ask a few people how long their shift was. They were just moving around from different area to area. It seemed like they were always there. I must say Chef Oscar seemed like he lived there. Speaking of Chef Oscar. We wanted to dine with the Chef at the Chefs Table, but was told that we would have to choose a bottle of wine right at the time of making the reservation. We were whisked into the wine vault and was shown only what Hector wanted to sell us. A cheap bottle of Mexican wine that would cost us about $95.00 USD. We had no other options or was not offered a wine list. I even asked if they had a Shiraz, but was told Oh it is the same price the Mexican is better After having the worst wine of the house which happened to be Mexican we have ever tasted we opted out of the Chefs Table meal. I would have rather paid for the meal and not the wine. The other issues we had was there was absolutely no place to get a decent cocktail. The pool area I think they left out a crucial part of the drink. the alcohol Unless your were standing right in front of them I believe most of the drinks were just mixers. I must say when we were able to get someone to serve us in the Martini lounge ( which is just a few rattan furniture thrown around outside nothing formal no bar set up) The drinks were quite good, but each time you needed a refill you would have to go looking for someone to make it for you. Tea time at the Martini lounge was a joke. For coffee and tea you can go to the pastry shop and get a good cup of coffee. Most of the time no one was there to serve you, but we just winged it. The coffee came out good. Be careful of the goodies they had on display. We saw so many children just touching every piece and putting it back which was the biggest turnoff. Never found the sports bar with a bartender in it. Couldnt figure that one out. In my opinion after 9pm at night you might as well go to bed, because everything is being picked and getting ready for the next day. Kids were left to be by themselves all over the place. Always running and screaming with no regard as to anyone but themselves. We saw so many being very rude to the staff just like they were their servants. Not a parent in sight. The adults only and adults quite pool was non-existent. This the only reason we booked at Tres Rios was for the quite and our own area. Adults. We have children and grandchildren so we have nothing against them, but please be respectful of other people who are also trying to enjoy their vacation.. The food overall was good. I did get very sick from eating the Yucatan pig in the Mexican Restaurant. I am still trying to get over it after 2 days after eating it. We dont eat early, but do like to have a cocktail or two before dinner and the same after dinner, but this place was very hard to enjoy this. We are in our 60s and were very bored and couldnt wait to get home. We did go on a couple of the tours which was very interesting, but the staff has their own itinerary. Our tour left of the Nursery tour so we booked for the next afternoon (which was the only time for that week). Nobody stopped by to pick us up. We did notify the Cenotes tour people and they said someone was coming right by. We waited in the hot sun outside for over 40 minutes then decided that they were not coming. We went to the concierge the next day and he put us on the Cenotes trip and said when we were finished with that someone would drive us back to the hotel. ( remember we are in our 60s very healthy, but they didnt know that) Big mix-up again. I felt we put a damper in their tour, because now they were forced to go to the nursery which was on the itinerary to start with. When we were finished with the tour we were told to wait by the circle rock and someone was coming to get us. Guess what happened next. We waited for about 25mins. This time in the hot sun. I finally told my husband we need to start walking. We walked all the way back to the hotel without seeing anyone. For all they know we could still be out there walking. It was actually not a bad walk. Had we known with a map of sorts we would have done it by ourselves. We actually did this everyday thereafter walk to the cenotes and the nursery by ourselves. They were very short on info. And had maps copied with a lot of info missing. Did someone say this was a five star? My rating on this resort is a 3 star at best. We were promised a visa card that would give us a discount on purchases. We never received this from Diana I think she was actually from Time share sales, because there was another Diana that was a concierge that was so nice. We mentioned that we had a free massage coming to us , but that was brushed aside. If we took the Timeshare Tour we would get $200USD added onto the visa gift card we never saw. We saw some people going into the sales meeting and coming out over 5 hours later. Not a way to spend a vacation. Last but not least. Thank goodness this happened on our last meal at the hotel, because I think I would have starved to death had I experienced this in the beginning. I saw a waiter at breakfast setting up a table for 6 with fresh cups, plates, sugar, creamer knives forks you name it then have a sneezing fit right over the entire table without any attempt to cover or turn away his face.