The Hecienda Tres Rio's? Ah, yeah, where do I start? First, I'm a timeshare owner who searches for nice places to stay via a trade through the timeshare. Our search came up with The Hecienda. We said sure, everywhere else we ever stayed was very nice and thought this would be the same, however we decieded not to take the all inclusive ($120.00 per day per person, $240.00 per couple) to only find we we're going to pay that price anyway, and be treated like a redheaded stepchild. The meals were, per person $30.00 for breakfast, $40.00 for lunch and $60.00 for dinner......yes thats $260.00 per couple for food ,and drinks we're extra. The resort is very secluded, so unless you had a rental car and wanted to drive out ever 4 hours on a 1 hour trip to get food, you felt very trapped to purchase there plan or there very high priced meals. No meal especially there's was worth that kind of money, although I do admit the meals were good, it was usually only buffet, there were a few al carte, however they seemed to close down very early. If you did'nt get the all inclusive you'd find it very hard to find a waiter by the pool, and when you did, and ask for a certain beer, it seemed that beer was never available.... you we're brought a cheaper beer while your all inclusive neighbor was brought the beer you just requested. (with the lime). then on several occasions I had to correct the waiters for beer I was charged and never ordered. It was clear to me that there was no free stay with a timeshare trade, that you thought you were promised when purchased (other than an exchange fee). You will still pay the nightly rate through the all inclusive package or the high price of meals if not all inclusive. The beach we so love to see( The Crystal blue water where you can swim and snorkel) is not at this location. the water is very dirty, and lots of stuff floating around. No one I saw was ever swimming in it, only at the pool! The moat around the resort had an oder, all the time. The water was clear yet smelled. The rooms we're very clean, and the beds were very comfortable, I can't say anything bad about the accomodations other than the hairdryers suck, so bring your own, and the toilet room has no fan, and an open vent in the door, so turn the TV up loud or make others leave the room if you have business to do. Oh yeah, it's an eco park also, so the fridges in the rooms are not cold. Have to save electricity! Every beer I had during my stay was warm,(at around $6.00 per warm beer) since I was not all inclusive, however if you were the warm beer was free. I hate to say anything bad about anyplace, however when you work hard and want to get away and forget about everything for a week, enjoy yourself with no stress or worrys, maybe you should look somewhere else.