First and foremost, it started with a lie. That we would enjoy the "calm turquoise water of the carribean ocean" at HTR. But how could we when the water is black, muddy and full of seaweed and other debris? The ocean IS the main attraction for many travelers from the north countries and they should state it clearly on their website that you can't (and won't) swim in the ocean. The mangrove by the side is also in a shockingly bad shape. So is the "canal" surrounding the resort. It has a bad odor and when we were there, it was cold. I can't imagine the smell when it's hot. Then, all areas are closed and it's freezing everywhere because of the clim' . Again, it was already cold outside, why freeze the whole damn place? It does not make sense. We tried to eat at the grill outside. They told us "we are closed" and refused to serve us even tough many people were still eating. Again, we paid for the "all included" package. Seemed to me the all included does include the "all" only when it's a convenience for the hotel. The employes were very nice, but no one seemed to know who the responsible person was. They all said "you have to ask this other person" for everything and it was like beeing trapped in a Kafka novel. Then the food. Listen. It's ridiculously pretentious and still not good. Tempura over mashed potatoes and black beans? With a plum sauce so sweet it was like sirup. This was supposed to be the fancy " la carte" restaurant. We laughed and would have much much preferred a simpler, more authentic mexican cuisine. We tried to forget about it at the bar. Enters "the sport bar". Kids everywhere over the pool table and not a barman to be found! We tough it was the kids playground. No. It was the bar. Still, no barman. We frantically searched for a decent drink. Anything would have do. We encountered two bored pizza men, and a terrified (and very angry...) mother "mapache" with her babies. We were the only ones there and it was freezing. Again. We went to bed hungry, cold, and alas, very sober. We nicknamed the place "the mall" because it felt like beeing trapped in a mall, expensive, luxurious, mais sans me. No soul. The beds were excellent. At last something good. We slept and we tried to meet with someone, anybody, who could refund us. "Ah no, I'm afraid everyone is gone for the week-end, it will have to wait until monday". On monday, they did refund the remaining part of our stay. But not the four days that we lost, waiting for somebody to pay attention. So no... even if the hotel is decent, never again.