My wife and I went to Hacienda Tres Rios for our honeymoon. The trip did not start off well even before we left. We tried to arrange private transportation for over a month via emails and telephone calls with no result until the day before we left (our wedding). Overall the resort is beautiful but it's obvious that the resort is still working out kinks being that it's a relatively new resort. Our first impressions were great with a grand entrance and a very friendly welcoming staff. However, when we got to our room we had no type of touch screen or guide to tell us where everything was, no cable TV, and the room was not fully decorated since it was in one of the newer sections of the resort. When we asked the front desk (Hector) about why we didn't have these things it seemed as though we were "inconveniencing" him. This seemed to be pretty consistent throughout the week. At one point the staff actually accused us of stealing one of their DVD's because the case had two pages for DVD's and it only came with one...which didn't even work by the way. One thing we were looking forward to was the all-inclusive food and alcohol. The alcohol was great with numerous high end liquors, but my wife and I are not big drinkers so we didn't necessarily get our moneys worth on this. The food, however, was downright bad. We tried nearly every restaurant and the food was either cold, luke warm, or not what we ordered and had to be sent back. The only meals that we even looked forward to eating was the omelette station at breakfast and pizza at lunch/dinner...mostly because they were hot! The best food we had was McDonalds that we had our cab driver take us to on the way to Tulum...and I strongly dislike McDonalds! Activities at the resort were great. Kayaking was awesome, snorkeling was fun, and there was always plenty of other activities going on. The pool staff was sometimes great and sometimes not so great. We tipped 50 pesos everyday and sometimes we got our drinks or food right away and sometimes we got our drinks and food 45 minutes later. Overall, I don't think I'd recommend Hacienda Tres Rios. For as much as we paid I would have wanted better food and definitely some more friendly assistance.