Hopefully I can make just one other person aware of a terrifying experience my wife and I went through on our vacation to Cancun. I hope just one other person sees this and turns the timeshare sales person down at the Cancun airport. This all started a few minutes after we got off the plane at the Cancun airport and were looking for our van to take us to our resort. A gentleman approached us and started offering event tours almost free with of course the exception of $45 up front. All you have to do is eat an incredible breakfast and go on a 90 minute tour. Well, i figured if I could save a few bucks on an event it may be worthwhile. BAD IDEA!!!! What I didn't realize was if you can't afford to buy into this timeshare you will absolutely be harassed and put under soo much pressure you will feel like that is your last day on earth and you may not get out of there alive. I will hopefully make one person's vacation much better than if they were to waste their time with a salesperson at the airport and spending half your day traveling to this 'Hacienda" resort, going on a 3+ hour tour, which was supposed to be 90 MINUTES and then if it isn't financially possible to afford the payments to try and explain that to at least three different high pressured sales individuals who absolutely will not take "NO" for an answer. Still, after a few weeks my wife is upset with what I made her go through by signing up for this AND actually giving cash up front at the airport. Just to maybe save a buck for an event I wanted to do. This place is situated back a mile and a half from the main road winding through a jungle lined with security folks and what appeared to be machine guns which made us skeptacle from the beginning. After we toured the "very nice hotel" we told two sales reps, one a "manager" it was a very nice place but we couldn't afford it. They kept coming back with other less expensive options which we found them still too expensive for our budget. We were then bought back to a man who made us go into a closed room and "drilled" us on why we couldn't afford any of these. He also gave us a few other options which just didn't seem appealing. We thought for sure we were going to die there and I was thinking of telling them I would buy something just to be let out alive. Finally, after another 15 minutes of him questioning us soo rudely and making my wife tear up they refused to shake my hand and sent us to pick up our promised event tickets. At that point neither of us cared about any "gift" and just wanted to get out to the main road where we could at least take a cab back to our hotel. We wasted a whole morning and most of an afternoon and were both ready to cry. As it turns out they did give us a few "event" tickets we were promised, however, transportation to the event tour one+ hour away was also promised by the airport salesperson but wasn't included and a "fee" was added to each ticket which was never explained. Basically if we were to have gone on the "event" we were promised it would have cost us more for the transportation to get there and the"fees" that it would have been better to get tickets for an event tour at our hotel and get transportation.They eventually did get a driver to drive us back to our hotel and he was very nice and actually offered us some good information. I do thank him for being soo nice to us. Very unfortunate this all took place the day after we arrived in Cancun as it really took the wind out of our sails for most of the week as we were both shaken from the experience. I guess even at my "old" ripe age I am still learning things but I will NEVER get myself into that kind of mess again. Basically, I did get a free very good breakfast...which I could've gotton at my hotel because it was 'all inclusive" anyway, and I did tour the Tres Rios Hacienda resort which could be potentially appealing and affordable to some people. However, if you think there may be a possibility you can't accept their offers, please, please stay away and save your vacation. -glad to be alive