I have been traveling through my timeshare company for the past 5 years, and I have never had such poor service at an all-inclusive resort. I took a couple college friends for a get away, and they were absolutely not impressed and I was very embarassed. We paid a normal rate for the top-shelf all inclusive yet so much was NOT available to us. We kept being told that is extra, or not for you???? I am a person who takes trips that provide luxury and relaxation. I take 2 trips a year and they need to be amazing. This was far from it in reagrds to food quality, service and assistance in general. The food quality was very poor, except for the grill nights which we only were able to enjoy 2 times due to restaurants not being open for meals and a truly awful buffet selection. We basically ate breakfast and all of us lost over 5 pounds while we were there...which isn't half bad for us 40 something gals who are already a size 8. I spoke with every one I could get my hands on to fix the issues that we were having. I spoke with the resort developer Dallas, who was pitching the resort that week to RCI members to purchase. Dallas was pleasant enough but did nothing to ensure our vacation was improved. In fact, after I had the on site car rental company extract money from my credit card this past week 9 which is a month AFTER my vacation ) I still have not heard from him. My bank is pursuing charges. Then I spoke with Jose, the customer service rep. who also promised to comp us a vehicle so we could take a day trip to Tulum and I had to call him at home on the day of the "promised" free vehicle to insist that he keep his word. He never followed through with leaving word, or attended to my guests dissatisfaction. Oscar the "Head Chef" was more into smoozing the guests than providing quality food. At one point we asked for a simple order of Calimari and we were given a rubbery pile of sauce covered over cooked yuk. Now let me say, that one of my guests is a Chef herself- and we all cook well in our home lives, so this was a complete flop. I was tempted to go back and cook myself. I mean seriously, we are next to the ocean.... I will say that the rooms and beds were dreamy. We had a 2 bdrm suit and we all rested well. Breakfast each day was very nice because of the excellent gal chef preparing our omlette/egg (s). I am so dissapointed by this experience, I am demanding a refund from RCI. We paid over a thousand dollars for the week and it was terrible. I will pay for quality and comfort while on vacation- but this is NOT QUAILITY OR COMFORT.