I stayed here for 3 nights over a long weekend in July. It was the hotel suggested by our friends, whose wedding we were in town for. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. The main problems were the service, the noise, and the impractical nature of the setup of the rooms. Some of the service problems we had included: having to ask twice (once by phone to the front desk, once in person at the front desk after turndown service ignored our request) for new towels and toilet paper when our room was cleaned but not restocked. Had to wait until the next day when we left a note for housekeeping on the sink. Finally these items were restocked. The snacks in the honor bar in the room were all expired (with May and June expiration dates.) Most offensively, the alarm clock went off the first morning at 6am on the highest volume. We had only gotten a few patchy hours of sleep anyway, what with the screaming guests congregating in the hallway all night. The walls are paper thin, and every time someone on your floor opens or closes their door, your door will shudder closed as well. The street noise is terribly loud. I guess this is a matter of taste, but we did not enjoy the bathroom setup. There is no wall separating the bathroom and the bedroom. There is only a clear glass with a flimsy curtain, that is on the bedroom side of the glass. SO, if you are in the bathroom, you cannot close the curtain. There is also no door on the bathroom. You have to open the closet, and use the closet door as the bathroom door. Neither the closet door nor the curtain closes completely. Some people cooler than I am might think its hot and romantic to watch your partner in the bathroom, but my husband and I prefer not to watch each other on the toilet. The hotel definitely caters to the nightclub guests more than the hotel guests. Hotel guests are forced to use the elevator on the lobby floor (first floor up) rather than from the ground floor (its the same set of elevators.) Nightclub guests wait in line at the ground floor, so as they are making their way up to the nightclub, there is no room on the elevator for actual hotel guests. The music is so loud that we could hear it in the hallway even though we were a good 10 floors below it. Thankfully we couldnt hear it in our room. There were a few positives. I had a great massage with Tim, which I booked a few minutes before I wanted to start, and the spa was totally accommodating. However, going along with the service problems, the otherwise nice receptionist at the spa gave me the wrong bill, charging me more for someone elses treatment. When I checked the bill, she immediately fixed the problem, but again, if I hadnt noticed the error, she wouldnt have. Not the kind of thing you want to deal with after a relaxing massage. The location is great, but not a reason to stay here. There are MANY other hotels in a few blocks that have the same location advantage. Also, this is not a boutique hotel although it advertises as one. Its a HUGE hotel with around 25 floors of rooms. A boutique hotel is small, quiet and caters to guests. Overall I thought the Dana hotel was more concerned with being cool than being hospitable. I would be surprised if its still in business in a few years.