My partner and I stayed at this hotel for a week from New Years Eve. On first impressions the hotel looked small, but was in a great location and seemed to have very welcoming staff and nicely furnished heated rooms (it was freezing outside!), comfortable beds and a clean and tidy looking bathroom. However, after the first night, we started noticing major problems. The main one being the air conditioning in our room randomly turning itself on every half an hour through the night and loudly blasting out very cold air for about 30 seconds despite the fact we kept turning the whole thing off. No one sorted this out for us and it was a persistent problem throughout our whole stay. Coming in from the cold we were greeted by blasts of icy air! The heating and the air conditioning were built into one so needless to say it was very cold in the room sometimes, which conidering the temperature outside wasn't pleasant. On about the fifth night the generator for the air conditioning (which was very close to our door in the corridor outside) started humming very loudly and we could hear it through the door. Again, this was another problem no one came to fix. The generator itself was dusty and was creating an odd smell in the corridor. It was obviously linked to the problem we were having in our room. We seemed to feel extremely lethargic and unwell as soon as we got back into the room which made us wonder if there was something wrong with the air being filtered into the hotel. We felt fine at all other times apart from when we were in the room. There was definitely issues with the air quaility. The sheets on the beds seemed too small for the actual bed, which was itself huge and very spacious. The lack of adequate bedding coupled with the icy air being directed at us from the air conditioning didn't really help us have restful nights sleep. The housekeeping was quite poorly done and didn't have a lot of effort put into it. At a quick glance it looked fine - we always had fresh towels and a clean bathroom and the beds looked made. I say looked made as on several occasions we pulled the duvet back to find all the sheets underneath still crumpled up and messy from how we'd slept in them the night before. We also found clothes under the sheets that had oviously just been covered over quickly and tucked under the duvet. On the plus side the hotel was in a nice quiet street and was about a 20 minute walk from Times Square. The Subway on 23rd Street was really useful and the location of the hotel itself coupled with the Subway made everything very accessible. It is very close to the Empire State Building and a good shopping area on 5th Avenue. The hotel reception staff were very pleasant and always greeted us as we went past and on our last day they were happy to look after our cases until we left for the airport. They also provide an airport shuttle service for $20 per person. I'm not sure I'd stay here again. For what we paid, we felt the service could have been must better.