We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights pre-cruise. We are Hilton Honor Gold members and always try to stay at Hilton hotels when we travel. I especially looked forward to staying here because the hotel claimed to be totally renovated, all 527 rooms. Our first impression of the Hilton Downtown Miami as we drove up, was good. The outside appears to be a very nice hotel. Once inside, the staff were very friendly, they greeted us and gave us a corner room with a great view of the port. When we got to the room I was so disappointed. This room had not been renovated. The furniture was disgusting. The orange chaise had stains all over it with something fresh dripping over the side. There was an inch of dust in the corners and along the back. The lampshade had yellow stains on it that looked like urine, smelled like urine. The sheets seemed fresh and clean..thank goodness. We politely told the lady who checked us into this room that we were not happy with it and she said that she was sorry, and that "renovation" didn't mean the furniture or fixtures. She said that she would tell the manager who was not available at the moment. He never got back to us and we were there for 2 days. There is a very nice bar and lounge area that we would have liked to take advantage of, but the chairs and seat cushions and covers were so dirty and stained that we wouldn't sit on them. The pool was nice and warm. Loungers were old and dirty. The restaurant staff were very friendly and our lunch there was good! The hotel is in a good location, close to the port if your going on a cruise and close to Bayside Marketplace. Overall, I am disappointed in this hotel and will never stay here again. Perhaps if we had been more aggressive about speaking with the manager and demanding another room we might have gotten a better response. Just didn't want to start our trip off like that. We have stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel in downtown Miami before and will stay there again. It is slightly more expensive, but worth it! Don't stay here if you like clean hotels.