This hotel is very disappointing, dated, and has poor customer service. The room did not have a mini-bar and the bathroom has the bare minimum of hilton products - when I called to request some shower gel, for instance, I was told they didn't have that and they provide soap for use in the shower... The in-room internet was so unstable it was unusable for anything but checking emails - don't plan on using a VPN, streaming or doing anything complex online. Since there was no minibar I had to get drinks with room service - 18% room service charge, $3.50 delivery charge (?), $3 for a small pepsi and then they had the cheek to print "Additional Tip:" on the bill. On arrival I was told that we had been upgraded to a bay view room (we have Diamond HHonors VIP membership). It always sounds good when you hear the "U" word, but having seen this room I'd hate to see the others. We were on the 16th floor (Room 1616) and did have an ok view of the cruise terminal, but you have to ignore what looks like a post-industrial wasteland directly outside. The windows of the 'Club Lounge' were perpendicular to our room window which meant we had to have the curtains closed the whole trip for any privacy, negating any view benefit. The room was right beside the lifts - they had rather loud bells every time the lift doors opened, which was regularly due to the Club Lounge footfall. The lounge was disappointing. On the first morning I went there for breakfast which was basically bacon and scrambled eggs. The hostess there seemed snowed under with the handfull of clients as the coffee was empty and there were no knives to eat with! That night I had planned to go for canapes and drinks as I always do at Hiltons but the welcome letter stated that only soft drinks were available so I didn't bother until around 15 minutes before the end of service when I went to grab a coke. When I got there there was no staff to be seen and no drinks available. When I asked at reception they said that it had closed early. They offered us some breakfast vouchers for the following morning to eat in the restaurant instead but we had to ask 3 times for these, finally having to argue with the receptionist as to why we she should give us them! The hotel is in a really awful area. There's NOTHING nearby - we took cabs everywhere. There's a Burger King across the road which we went to once but the place was full of homeless people and it just did not feel like a safe neighbourhood. The hotel does have a decent little Business Centre with free laser printing which was useful. All in all I wish we'd stayed in another area of Miami (where there were actually restaurants and shops) or in Miami Beach. But this Hilton was so disappointing and we were treated so indifferently by an apathetic staff that I think we'll be taking our Diamond status to another hotel chain.