Like the airlines often say, I did have a choice (of competition) and as soon as I pulled up, I was annoyed that my corporate travel system hadn't offered me the Doubletree immediately behind the building, hmm, maybe they were full and thats where all the cool kids were hanging out. Immediately, something doesn't seem right - people have double parked the driveway (parked next to each other with no other cars in the whole 2x2 lane drives.) I pulled up and a valet appeared, I told him that I'm checking in, he grunts and asks for my keys. Somehow I still ended up parking my own car, since he just returned my keys to me when I got back down without asking any questions. This was after I had made the trek into the lobby which isn't a lobby (take the elevator to the 7th(?) floor) to get my key. I Waited in line for several minutes, despite their being three staff at the desk attending to two other guests, I didnt notice any hhonors line. I then turned right into what I thought was the parking lot (no signs say valet only) to be greeted with a keypad. I had to reverse out and find the parking lot for the people that didn't automatically get valet parking, meanwhile the valet watched me drive past him in a stationary car and didnt say a word (again). The parking is the Omni center, next door, which turned out to be some fairly expensive parking. I paid $26 for just 3 hours before I had to go to work for the night at a nearby datacenter. Another tip: Don't consider this hotel if you happen to work odd hours. Its too loud. I paid the Omni center $50 more dollars for the subsequent 28 hour stay (reduced from $60 because I was a hotel guest). No wonder this large multi-story is practically empty - those should be concert parking prices! - or European capital, not downtown Miami (technically, this is just north of downtown, to be specific, across the street from a Checkers and a Burger King). The room: Beautiful bay view and downtown made for a great photo (attached) - It was a shame that the window was so dirty. Whatever housekeeping are using isn't working, because you can tell that the person is quite short since at my eye level and up to the ceiling, the windows were clean, but left to dry from wet (with a dirty rag) from 5'8 down - unless John McCain was cleaning the windows, he has a medical excuse for not being able to raise his arms and it would be wrong to chastise his work if he were (disabled) housekeeper. I think the housekeeping staff, or maintenance, should use a squeegee, simple solution, or get a professional window cleaner - there should be several in a diverse, large town like Miami. I got an interconnecting room. My corporate system doesnt let me send notes and I always forget to state I dont want that at check in. I could see light below the door when my room was dark and I could clearly hear the people in the next room talking and going to the bathroom. The Air Conditioning sounds almost identical to my Lawn Mower (room 1216) just a few decibels lower, or like my lawn mower if my neighbor had stolen it and was cheekily using it while I was in bed. Himia (new nick) tip #2  crank the AC for an hour or two before you go to bed and seal the drapes well  the heat bleeds into the room from the ceiling to floor windows, then raise the thermostat so that you can go to sleep. TV: - I havent seen an old square button Zenith in years. If the TV gets any older, Zenith might buy them park for posterity, or some kind of new-age hip corporate campus artwork/sculpture. I forgot to check if it had faux wooden sides, but the red gun was definitely about to fail. An ambient buzz fills the room if the picture contains too much red and peoples skin seems to melt off their face  even more so if youre viewing Jersey Shore. Himia tip #3  its not the ambient drone of a Stuka divebomber, its the TV Internet: One night I chose free, basic wireless access  no problem, next day I read my hhonors diamond welcome letter  it said that apart from the boring were so happy to have you crap, that I was entitled to free high speed internet accessthe charge will later be removed from your bill.  It wasnt  I paid $9.99 and I couldnt be bothered standing in line again to dispute it, I left. Food: I only tried room service once, because at 10:30 on the second night, the phone just rang out. Day 1 was a Cuban sandwich with fries and a pepsi, it came to about $21.60 after the compulsory 18% gratuity + $3.50 delivery charge. I look forward to the day that Im not relied upon to bolster employee salaries for doing their jobs, so I didnt really mind the compulsory charge (not my money anyway) but I accidentally signed my name on the extra tip line and then again on the signature line. I can only hope that this was not construed as some sort of xxxxblock. Power to the people! and so on and so forth The sandwich was kind of salty by the way, Im hoping it wasnt for the benefit of the pork, but Im happy to report that my bowels are OK! <thumbs up> (in the air). As I mentioned, this hotel isnt considerate enough for people working unusual hours, both days there, I had the housekeeping cart parked outside my door for what seemed hours while the staff held conversations with each other down the hall and then loud radios continued to operate with sound wafting in from under my conjoined room (along with lots of hairspray from the guests next door that morning  they commented the brand, and both agreed how great it was and how they both used it, but I missed the actual name). Other, little, mostly whiny things: No body wash, no mouthwash, hair on washcloth. Toilet flush seemed to last for minutes, used gallons of water and continued during refill. I think Im done with Hilton brand, Im not all about the room service (I usually have a car and often eat drive thru like a plebian anyway), so Id much rather have a fridge. If I stick with Hilton for another million hhonors points, it will mostly be with other chains in the group, such as Embassy (not Southfield, MI tho).