Nice enough hotel and clean room, but the hotel seemingly was packed with families, teens and college students -- not good for the business traveler. I was in town on business, with a full day of behavioral field research ahead of me on a Sunday. I needed a quiet place to keep well on Saturday night. Instead, after dodging loud kids in the elevators and passing many loud rooms, I thought my room was safe and quiet. Nope, I had to call security Saturday night at 1 a.m. when the college-age girls in the room next door to me returned drunk and decided to have a shrieking, crying, "You slept with my boyfriend, you [insert explicative of choice]!!!" knock-down, drag-out fight complete with the sounds of furniture banging. To the hotel's credit they sent security up immediately and I didn't hear anything afterwards. On Sunday morning, the hotel was teeming with families trying to check and the elevator literally stopped on 19 of the 22 floors on the way down, with no one able to fit after 3 stops. After 10 minutes of riding the elevator, the breakfast room was so crowded with what appeared to be nothing but kids in the 10-22 year old age range and a few parents, I gave up and went to Einstein Bagels next door. What knocked this down from average to poor for me is the odd shaped room and terrible lighting, especially the glaring fluorescent light over the bed. I ended up awkwardly moving the desk lamp over to the bedside table so I could enjoy bedside lighting more appropriate for reading and unwinding. Things were better after the weekend when all the kids checked out, but pay heed to all the terrible/ poor/ average reviews by folks who weren't in town for a special shopping and theatre (or bar hopping) weekend in Chicago. I'm sure if you're looking for a good value for a family-friendly place, where you plan to stay out late, be noisy, order pizza and watch TV this is a good value for the price, but I won't be letting my company book me here again - I will try a different Marriott brand if I end up in Chicago again.