Spent three nights here, my friend made the reservations. It is a very clean hotel, with comfortable beds and adequate in-room amenities. $166 per night for room with two double beds during my stay. No coffee maker, no fridge, but instant coffee in the lobby. Believe the other reviewers who state that the train noise is problematic -- it is astonishingly loud, even with the good quality, modern, double-paned windows. Pay $20 extra per night for the double-double-bed rooms -- there are only two per floor, they face the street not the train. While this location is technically Soho (south of Houston St, with central Soho being trendy and filled with cafes and such), THIS HOTEL IS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DOWNSCALE PART OF CHINATOWN, it is not even the touristy part of Chinatown. There is not a typical convenience store or diner within several blocks in any direction. There is no food other than chinese food for a LOONNNGGG distance in any direction, although a KFC is several blocks away (towards what tourists think of as Chinatown). The nearest subway station is two LONG blocks away, in the direction away from the nicer part of Chinatown. After dark, the entire neighborhood shuts down because this is a business area, so there is NOTHING to do besides eat at a chinese restaurant. The walk back to the hotel after dark -- particularly at 11pm if you travelled up to Broadway to see a show -- is desolate and creepy. DO NOT try it alone, even though police officers are stationed near the East Broadway station and will offer escort to travelers walking alone, which is a very strong warning that you should heed. In order to reach any tourist area other than Chinatown, you will have a long ride on the F train, and only the local F stops at the East Broadway station. If everything goes well, and you happen to catch the F quickly, and then catch your connecting train very quickly, you are still going to be AT LEAST 30 - 45 minutes to reach Times Square, Columbus Circle, etc. The time you spend waiting and traveling will leach daylight hours and personal energy out of your vacation, so do not be tempted by a "cheap" hotel rate in this incredibly poor location. If you spend an extra $50 a night to stay in a modest hotel closer to midtown you will make it back on subway fare and cabs that you won't need to take. Having said that.... if you stay here you will want to bring a cooler for snacks and beverages. There are no bars, cafes, coffee shops for after-dinner drinks or dessert nearby, you will need to provide for yourself in your room. Bring a day pack because once you leave your room you will likely not return until dark - it is just too far. While in more typical areas of the city, remember to stop in a drug or convenience store to buy anything needed -- there are no stores of that type near Hotel 91 and you will be trapped in your hotel after dark unless you arrange for a cab. Good things nearby: Wonderful dim sum and authentic chinese food 3 - 4 blocks away in the nice/tourist part of Chinatown. Little Italy several blocks away (but not walkable at night, there's another cab ride), lots of inexpensive but good personal services like beauty salons, foot massage/reflexology shops, chinese bakeries with interesting pastries to try. Sadly, that's about it. SHOP HARDER AND FIND A SIMILARLY-PRICE HOTEL CLOSER TO MIDTOWN!