***From the perspective of a 26 year old woman from Toronto who often visits NYC and primarily spends her time in the Lower East Side, DUMBO, checking out art galleries, shopping and dining out. ---The Hotel--- The Good: - It's modern and clean. Similar to any budget hotels, although it lacks a few amenities that I consider basic: wi-fi in the rooms, fridge, vending machines etc., - The visitors are mainly Asian tourists and young travelers, both of which you hardly see or hear. The Bad: - Zero security: there are three entrances to the hotel and they are unmanned, the concierge is on a separate floor from the entrances, and anyone can walk-in any of those entrances and take the elevator to any floor in the hotel. There are also no security camera's. - It is 1 meter away from a busy bridge on which the Coney Island express runs and a major road runs underneath. It is extremely loud and the hotel shakes. - There is zero customer service, I personally am not very demanding and don't often need much, but this was ridiculous. The staff were not willing to help you out with anything, and/or did not now the answer to most of the questions asked and were surprised to be asked very basic questions, such as "where can I buy some water?". ---The Area---- The Good: - As far as lower east side hotels this one is fairly cheap and decent. It is close to Brooklyn and LES, and a short walk to the subway. The Bad: - This place is dead...DEAD(for emphasis) after 9 p.m. or so. Everything is boarded up and there is no where to grab a bite or buy snacks. Only the homeless roam the area after a certain hour, and although they are harmless, if your alone it can be unpleasant. - It is in China Town, so it is a bit dirty from the food stores. ---The Rooms--- The Good: - They are typical of the price range, no frills, modest decor. This one is relatively new and things are kept very clean. -Bathroom en-suite, no sharing. The Bad: - They are small, the train running past is loud, the windows don't open. - We didn't really want to go back there much, and sometimes after a long day you need to re-charge for a bit before heading out again. ---The Price--- - Overall it is not that cheap that it would be worthwhile staying here. I would recommend moving uptown or midtown to the cheaper hotels there, despite the less desirable location and being further from LES. - They charge you for storing your bag after checkout; I have never encountered this. They have this dingy internet access station where they charge you quite a lot for internet access.