I booked this hotel due to the clear and promising website. It seemed reasonably priced for the amenities offered. However, when you arrive, you notice there is a little photographic trickery. The pool is tiny - too small to swim in, and both the rooftop area and gym are smaller than you would think. The hotel itself is in a fairly quiet area of town. The nearest metro stop is about a 5 minute walk away (yellow line) which is fine, but the area isn't the best lit at night so might not be advisable for some. The room is fairly spartan with a rather garish (to my taste) colour scheme. Amenities are functional at best. There is a mini bar ('free' water only but with a little room for bought items), but no kettle or iron. The bathroom is equally spartan, a few soaps and gels, and 2 of each size towel. No robes or any of the little travelling kits you sometimes see. The shower is powerful and the hot water hot. Everything was clean and working. The bed continues the rather basic layout. Rather than a double bed, my room had two singles pushed together. The beds were on wheels, and with the hard floor, made it seem a little like a hospital ward. However they were fairly comfortable and spare pillows were provided. Different types of which are available - which seems a little strange for a hotel that voluntarily provides so little of anything else. My main rub was that the horizontal soundproofing between rooms is poor. When lying in bed, you could hear the people in the next room speaking, and if they raised their voices at all (as my neighbours helpfully did a lot), even listen in. They were Germans by the way, and went to bed at 2am. I know this because that was the time I was kept up to till. Breakfast was perfunctory - the usual help yourself fare, and seemed replenished often enough. Plenty of free tables too, so no complaints here. I didn't try the restaurant but if you want generic overpriced Spanish food, there were plenty of places along the Ramblas one street along. In short, I'd say this hotel is along the same lines as a Holiday Inn or Travel Lodge, despite the impressive website, so compare accordingly.