We were a group of 3 seasoned travellers who stayed at this hotel for a little over a week during the month of May, 2010. We picked this hotel based on a NY times article that featured Istanbul. Almost immediately the hotel began to show problems. Though we had arranged for the promised free pick up from the airport, we were not met at the airport and had to take a taxicab to the hotel. Upon arrival, not only were we not compensated for the 40 lira cab ride, we also were told that we had not given them flight details, which was sent to the hotel 3 times for confirmation. We were placed in a very small room (15 feet by 9 feet) that could barely hold our luggage. This would have been fine had the room not cost us 80 euros a night. Upon complaining we were told that we could transfer to a much bigger room in a couple of days, which to the hotel's credit was honoured 2 days later when we were placed in the Fuat Bey suite, the hotel's largest at the same rate. Even this room was replete with problems. While the size of the room and the service was adequate, the bathroom had an annoying tendency to start flooding for no apparent reason. We had to keep on devising engineering techniques with our towels to make dams to keep the water controlled, and though this was brought to the hotels attention nothing was done about it. The TV also was placed in a very unstable LCD device holder that threatened to fall apart if you moved it to a viewable angle from the sofa. We left the hotel for a few days as we visited Bodrum, and we did get a transfer to the airport. However, upon our immediate return we again were not picked up from the airport, and had to spend more of our money to get a free service. Upon arrival, the hotel not only did not apologize for this, but tried to pin blame on another company. It seemed to us that the hotel manager (Osman) could not care any less with any of our problems and actually ended up arguing with one of our colleagues regarding compensation for this comedy of errors. It struck me as rather unprofessional and certainly did not strengthen our confidence in the hotel's ability to hold up to its basic duty to ensure that our stay was accomodated with at least some sympathy. His solution to our problems? A 20 euro discount on our last night, which was in a small room again as the big suite was no longer available. No apologies, and no attempt to compensate further was made. The only positive note was the very helpful Akif and the night porter, which was truly the only highlight of the stay. Breakfast was standard Turkish fare and was adequate. The location was very good, and close to Cemberlitas Tram stop. We would highly caution travellers who may have picked this hotel based on that very misleading NY times article.