I rely on these reviews to make my decisions about where to stay so I thought you would like to hear about my experience. I stay in New Orleans at least once a month on business and have stayed at a lot of hotels around the French Quarter. This place was the worst by far of all my experiences over the last 5 years. First off they offer valet parking, but when I arrived at noon they told me their parking was full and I was on my own to find parking... In the French Quarter... In ann unsecured location. The strange thing is the claim check in is at 4pm and check out is at 11am... How could they be out of parking when guests had checked out an hour before. What this tells me is they simply do not have enough parking to accomidate all their guests and know this. So they did let me check in at 3pm, an hour early after I spent 2 1/2 hours trying to park my car, 4 blocks from the hotel in an area I was sure my car nor it's contents would be there in the morning. I went to the room and took off my shoes to unwind when my socks got soaking wet. First off I would not walk around in the room without socks. The floors just looked like they had not seen a real cleaning other than a vacuum run over them in 20 years. So I went to the front desk an spoke to the gentleman there. He was of no help and acted like he did not understand what I was talking about. So I asked for the supervisor who told me the Hotel was full and they could not move me. After a long amount of time begging the said they could upgrade me to a suite for an increased charge!!! They just told me there were no other rooms, they were completely booked. And the gaul to charg me when the room I was in obviously had an issue. So instead of fighting with them I paid the increase and went to my room. As far as suites go this was not terrible though there were no towels, no toilet paper and the bathroom looked like someone washed their dog in there. The cleaning staff was not up to par with even a Super 8. All in all if you plan on going out and getting bombed and don't care where you pass out then this hotel is for you, but bring your checkbook, I ve stayed at hotels 10 times nicer than this in NOLA for half the price. I for one will never stay there again.