We normally stay at another hotel when in NOLA but decided to give this one a try because the price was right (our normal spot was pricey because it was Halloween and Voodoo weekend). After reading the reviews we figured it seemed decent enough for crashing at while we attended Voodoo fest. The rooms are decent and seem to be kept clean by staff although they are SMALL...our queen room had a shower that looked like it came out of a camper. Whoever did the "renovation" on the room we were in must have been hired from underneath a bridge...the wallpaper, molding, caulking, cabinets were laughable at best...but really not an issue for us as we just wanted a place to catch ZZZs. I had read about the slow elevators and I can attest to that as we were on the 10th floor and actually had to walk the stairs one morning for breakfast because one of the only two elevators was out of commission. I'm rambling...so the reason I rated this place so poorly and would NEVER go here again is the acoustics. The hallway outside of the rooms are tiled. This combined with heavy steel doors that close automatically makes for a very NOISY experience. In a city like New Orleans where people come and go at all hours of the day and night, you don't want common areas that amplify sound. We could literally hear every conversation of people waiting for the elevator and the elevator was around the corner and 50 feet away! We also were lucky enough to be on the floor where the cleaning staff and maintenance guys had their daily watercooler conversation! Combine this with the fact that the hotel is on the "fringes" so there is constant Police siren activity outside all hours of the night and it is nearly impossible to sleep for more than an hour straight...unless you are the type of person who can sleep through a bomb. So to sum up: Pros: Cheap Free Breakfast Fairly Clean Rooms Staff was pleasant Wifi (pretty slow in our room) Cons: NOISY Slow, barely functioning elevators You may have to utilize your self defense skills if you cross the wrong person outside NOISY Did I mention....NOISY?