We stayed at Atlas hotel for 5 days. I was told at the front desk by a pleasant man at first that we have the last room on Friday night. Our room was not cleaned for two days, we called downstairs for towels and JIGGAR the great person at the front desk argued that it was clean, and didn't understand why we needed towels. At the same time we asked for an iron and he refused to come up because apparently now they were really busy at the front desk sitting on the internet or on the phone ona personal call. HE did come up with the towels 20minutes later, and still said oh the room must have been clean but if you clearly looked nothing was clean he still wanted to prove that he was right. The next day the maids came in to clean our room, the same bed sheets that were dirty in the same spots, filthy, were now turned around from top to bottom, pillow case was not changed, We called front desk and got the nice person again, cant remember his name. He said ok madam, ok madam, ok madam, just kind of brush it off and don't really care and will not do anything about it. We asked him to bring up new sheets, which he did and we changed our own bedsheets. We made a movie of where our zippers were and how we left our luggage before leaving our room, when we got back they were on the opposite side. Nothing was missing, but clearly someone was going through them. Jiggar was extremely the rudest of them all. AAAAh my favorite called for a wake up. Can you please wake us up at 8:45pm. No problem. Luckily, I looked at my watch it was 9:10pm, and he had not called. I called downstairs to ask him what happened, his reply, "Oh I got busy at the front desk, it does happen", I said what time is it? He lies and says oh it's 9pm thinking i dont have a watch. I said no its 9pm and what if I had a flight to catch or an important meeting, would you pay for the flight? He didn't like that, oh what u mean, i know pay, no !!! no!! No! ...i just let it go. Rooms overall were clean, pleasant. Beds were awful, I could not sleep at all number one due to the noise level, brutal, but putting that aside you could feel the springs in the bed digging into your body all night long, not a good experience for a hotel were we paid 150euros fri/sat and then 100 euros for the rest of the days. Rates on hotels were different for each person as they walked in. Met another couple there, who experienced the same thing as us, actually worse with the front desk. We atleast got our calls transferred to our room, he was told he had to come down to front to desk at 1am or 2am and they dont transfer calls, so different rules for everyone. Front door has a sensor, so you walk up to it, it should open. At times you would wait 3-4minutes before it would open. On one of our days iBAN who also works the front desk, there is a story with that one too, A BIG LIE!! I will discuss in a moment. I knocked on the door, bc I had to go to the bathroom, he was yapping with someone else. He comes up to the door which I kept knocking on and starting knocking on it back at me being rude before opening the door. NOw that is class in Barcelona for sure. Great manners, and great customer service. Last day there, I am getting my luggage out of the storage room. I ask IBAN at the front desk nicely, pleasantly who is the owner of Atlas, now before this, this man is on the phone having a personal conversation, laughing, not even ackowleding us at all. Great customer service. NOT. As soon as I ask him, he doesnt reply, so i grabbed a card knowing that he is talking to his friend on the phone, write out OWNER? and a line __________ for him to fill out so I Dont disturb the front desk guy. He goes quickly, why you want to know? I reply i want to send an email because we realy enjoyed our stay here and he knew clearly how bad it was and why it was and that we were in the right and yet we kept quiet because we had more than 1 night there booked. He wrote down IBAN VEMONT, I go you are the owner here? He goes yes, you can send the email to this address on the card. Went back to his phone call. As my other half comes up and I tell him that did you know that this man who knocked on the door that day while we were waiting and was rude is the person that owns this place? He said what, the first guy on the first night told us it was owned by an East indian person, so guess they switched ownership immediately within 2 days. I believe that IBAN lied to us that he is the owner, yet he is working the front desk so that we do not comment on ow rude they are, customer service was poor, someone went through our luggage, the maids did not change our cheats, they were filthy, there were no towels, our rooms were not clean, they lied to us that our room was the last room, we met ppl at breakfast who complained how poor the service was, they didnt get towels, and also that they checked in after us, and how their rate was higher than ours. Jiggar extremely rude, One of them was pleasant only because he didnt say anything but laughed about it later, ok ok ok ok, just brushing it all off like it wasnt a big deal. If i wanted to stay in a run down hostel I would have. We didnt complain about the beds at all, we didnt complain about the noise at all, we only complained about the bedsheets being flipped from bottom of the bed to top still dirty, and that we think our luggage was tampered with, no towels, room was not cleaned, and their response was ok ok ok ok...yeah ok ok ok...didnt even phase them. I would recommend this hotel for ppl who are ok with sleeping on a bed with thin mattresses and springs poking their body, great location wise, a bit noisy 5 out of 10, cleansiness good, breakfast everyday was, ham, toast, bacon, OJ, milk, cereal, croissants, which was nice it was included in your hotel rate. Front DESK RUDE!!!!! Customer service POOR, very poorly run. They made no suggestions as to where to go, what to do, nothing at all. At times, we got the watch your purses. We rented a go car for the day, excellent service, last day i looked through some stuff in the lobby and there was a card there for 10% off had no idea it even existed. wish I knew. I think if they worked on their customer service, it would make a worlds difference. These are just little things but make a worlds of a difference. To me, pleasant ppl at the desk, and acknowledging the fact that sheets were dirty, room was not cleaned instead of accusing us of lying or making you feel like that it awful. Because of this I would not recommend Atlas hotel to anyone I know. Very rude people. There was no language barrier at all either, I speak the exact same language as them, even then my epxerience with front desk was not good along with many others and after reading through the reviews im not the only one who complains about their inconsistency. It asks at the bottom if there was high speed internet, we dont even know that but on their website it says there is. we asked the gentleman at the front where the nearest cafe was and he told us next door but never mentioned internet use at the hotel at all. Oh they do sell jacked up prices to the football game if anyone has the desire to pay extra for some odd reason. When our room was not clean we had no toilet paper, had to call down for that too!!!!!! IBAN VEMONT is not the owner of atlas hotel he LIED TO US on our last day that he is so I would not write anything negative to the owner. Anyone know who the owner is?????????