My husband bought a coupon from living social. The package included a one night stay at one of their suites with a romantic dinner. 03/02/12 Friday late afternoon my husbands calls me and tells me he is going to run a little late from work and since it started snowing outside, i was worried we will not be able to make our reservation. At 4:30 I called the front desk and spoke to a Lady, and explained her the situation, she told me that the restaurant stops serving at 10:30pm, however since we bought the package deal, we would be able to use it for a breakfast or lunch the next day. If we arrive to late at the hotel. Since we could t reschedule the reservation, because it was less then 24 hours. Which all was totally understandable and fine with me. We arrived at the hotel at 9:30pm. Another lady at the front desk checked us in and and we told her that we would be not having our dinner anymore but use it for the breakfast in the morning. As we 'had" to leave the city by noon. She took our living social receipt and said it was fine, but she never returned us our voucher or receipt. Later as we arrived in our room, i saw the guest book and saw that the sky lounge offered breakfast in the morning, so i called the front desk again, to confirm that "We are having the breakfast at the sky lounge" the next morning. And the lady at the phone said, that would be ok. The next morning we go upstairs to the sky lounge and told the bartender that we are guest trough living social. And he just sat us and asked us what we wanted to drink. As we proceed downstairs to the checkout counter, we received a final bill of an additional $70. Which we did not quite understand except the $12 for tax. We thought we were using our free breakfast from the package. But the lady at the front desk informed us that we had the breakfast at the sky lounge and it was going to be an additional $58, and she told us that we had used our breakfast voucher at the wrong place??!! And see, this is why i would never come back. Throughout our whole entire stay at this hotel, my husband and me encountered different types of service people. We spoke to different people at the front desk over the phone and in person, and even the waiter upstairs, and every single one of them failed to tell us that we could not use our dinner from the elephant bar at the sky lounge upstairs. even though we told each one of them that we were with living social. At checkout I finally talk to the same lady that i called the previous day about our reservation. But i did not like how she handled this situation at all or how she treated me. She said that she informed me that i was able to use it for a lunch or dinner. and thats fine, however she failed to inform me that they had 2 different restaurants inside the hotel. We ended up paying $58 additionally, as she refused to make an adjustment. Even though every single one of her staff members including herself failed to inform us properly.I felt very unhappy as we left the hotel and would def. not be able to make a recommendation upon my experience . I expected a little better, since it was advertise as a 4 star hotel. By the way we never used our food "voucher" as we had to leave the city by 12noon. Thank you very much, Heidy Goercke