I'm now in my "Deluxe" room, USD 1262 for 7 days. Expected to spend 7 days in a quality hotel...for 1262 USD it should have been, as I thought. When the hotel staff showed me my room I was a bit shocked if not say more. The deluxe room is in the BASEMENT! I don't know what are rooms above sea-level are? president apartments? The view from the window is...a wall! actually there are even poorer rooms with no window, because our room is not the deepest one! Rooms: tiny. Our room is just one bed and one meter around (9 square meters). We had only one small suitcase with us, but when it is open, you can't move in the room. The rooms are new and clean but very uncomfortably small and this box behind the window. the bathroom is small but ok, clean and new too. the view from the window depressing. Walls are very thin. I always heard what people in a hall were discussing or a child next door didn't like. The personnel is all not native English. And now the thing which made me write this review. We booked the hotel through an online reservation system, which charged us the money. On the third day of our stay we were asked to come to a reception and the lady at the desk said that our creditcard didnt allow them to charge all the money and they just charged us 600 pounds. But we had already paid it all 2 months ago. This was ridiculous. These 600 pounds was all we had with us for the rest 4 days of our stay in London and my bank accepts all refunds in at least two weeks. Finally the reservation system resolved the case (only due to our work, the hotel staff did do nothing, only we were contacting the reservation system and trying to understand where our money went, the hotel was not interested in it AT ALL, they could not even call to reservation system, though we provided them the number) but the hotel staff definitely didn't realize what they did. The lady at the desk was giggling while calling their reservation service and saying like "oh, yes, I charged it, hehe should I refund the credit card now?". Nobody cared that the situation was really serious. They offered us a complementary breakfast for this, but I'm afraid one breaskfast wouldn't help me if I had no money for 4 days in London...I'm feeling very unsafe at this place.