The hotel itself is in a nice location, within walking distance of the Termini and Some really beautiful sights. Overall however I left the hotel quite annoyed by the Staff, in particular the man at reception, who in my opinion needs to seriously brush up on his customer service skills. I was attending a wedding in Rome and needed to Iron my shirt and trousers as they had been squashed into a bag for the flight. Apparently for Fire Safety Reasons you can no longer get an Iron and Ironing Board in your room. Now this is fair enough if it is the law, however, when I inquired about an iron at reception the Receptionist spoke to me like I was a simpleton and offered me no reason other than raising his shoulders and claiming that it was not his problem. He then preceded to laugh at me when I said that this was not stated on the website and that I was not happy about the situation. To top it all off when we were checking out he was even ruder saying that we needed to pay the balance. We were under the impression that we had prepaid and since it did not state either way whether we had I asked could I use their internet to check my online banking to see if it had been charged. He again stared blankly at me and raised his shoulders in the now all too familiar gesture of 'I am not going to help you at all so why do you keep expecting me to?'. I was welcome to use the internet as long as I paid for the privilege. For a finish he didn't charge me as I was staring to get quite irate and asking to see the manager. All in all the hotel was nice, clean, and the breakfast was palatable. The cleaners tried to come into our room at nine in the morning and then never came back to clean the room after we had left but that's happened in so many hotels I wouldn't hold that against them. I will not be recommending it to anyone I know nor will I ever visit the hotel again. For the simple reason that I felt like I was treated rather badly and I do not understand how someone so obviously rude and ignorant can work as the Public Face of a hotel.