We booked the dearest type of room in this hotel on the website but when we arrived we were given a room ( in an annex) in which the wallpaper was patched and even peeling at the joints. When we complained we were shown 2 other rooms (again both in the annex) but if these were the dearer rooms goodness knows what a standard room was like. When I said these were unacceptable we were told if we stayed the first night in the original room we would get a better room in the morning. We did indeed get shown yet another room the next morning and although it was bigger, it was still in the annex and there was an unpleasant smell in the corridor outside the room. Not wanting to spent the rest of our short holiday trying to get a decent room we reluctantly accepted it. On the third night we were awoken by what sounded like a fire alarm. Unsure I phoned reception who said it was being dealt with and to ignore it. Although the alarm eventually stopped it intermittently sounded throughout the night and so our nights sleep was ruined. When we reported this to reception in the morning we were again assured it would be fixed. When we returned to the hotel that night the alarm again sounded but I was again assured it was being fixed. When the alarm keep sounding intermittantly I traced it to the alarm in the lift that stopped outside our room and only then did the staff admit that it was not goiung to be fixed until the following date. As this would mean another sleepless night I said it was unacceptable. The staff then offered to solve the problem by switching off power to the lift but as we were on the fifth floor and this was the only lift in the annex this was still clearly unacceptable. When I said so I was then eventually offered another room in the main part of the hotel. Apart from all this hassle the hotel is in an excellent location in the old town and most of the staff are very friendly. But because of the poor standard of the accommodation we were given and the equally poor response of the staff to our legitimate concerns I could not recommend this hotel to any of our friends.