I was encouraged after reading reviews, so decided against the usual Sofitel down the street where I always stay in favor of a jaunt at the Hilton GI. Upon check-in, despite requesting high floor was placed on lower floor. Spouse realized this and I immediately asked for higher floor, but the desk clerk *rolls eyes*, and says the only higher one, two floors up actually has a worse view. I speak French, but thought perhaps his attitude was because I addressed him in English. Ok, I thought, so we went with it. The room overlooks a busy street, but noise wasn't that bad. Oh well, we didn't have the highest room rate, I justify to myself. Indoor garage parking is about $25 per day after taxes/fees, which was reasonable and very secure. No complaints there. Free wifi was slow but a nice perk. Restaurant in lobby was very pricey for middle of the road quality food; we ended up eating one meal there but went back for two at the Sofitel (they have a truly outstanding menu.) Rooms are adequate -- look at the pics here and you will get a good idea of what to expect. Dingy old dirty carpet that I wouldn't walk barefoot, but otherwise pretty clean and well maintained. Towels aging and thin, but comforter laundered (big plus) and sheets very clean. No robes or other amenities of significance. I would have given this a significantly better review except for my experience at check out at the end of our 4 day stay. A short time prior to our checkout time, my spouse became quite ill, and around 11 AM she calls the desk and asks for a few more minutes to checkout (I'm a Hilton honors member.) Check out is normally at noon. A different desk clerk again gives her attitude, and says "That is not a feature of Hilton honors... it is our discretion, and you can only have until 12:30." I had all the bags packed, standing by the door in a suit and tie, waiting for my spouse to exit the bathroom, and at 12:25 there is a knock on the door by a woman with a clipboard, asking "what time are you going to leave? Your time is up and need to be out." I pleaded with her that my wife was a tad ill, and she said "Fine" and left. ??? We were out of the room less than 10 minutes later, at 12:35. I've never really been treated like this as a frequent business traveler -- I'm not sure if it was because I made the reservation on Expedia? Or if they get a lot of "squatters?" I checked availability of the hotel and it was wide open, so they were not pressed for turnover. The woman was not a room-cleaner, she was just bouncing us out. Two weeks later, and the hotel has still not credited my Hilton Honors account despite writing it on Expedia reservation form and giving it to the desk clerk. If you stay here - go in with the mindset of a Holiday Inn, not a real Hilton or even Doubletree. It is adequate, but poor, surly service by staff with a poor attitude ruins the stay. We're obviously two professionals after a four day stay and left the room immaculately clean, but they can't give an extra 30 minutes? For shame. I won't stay again.