Never stay at a hotel that just opened Overall I would say the hotel has potential to be great. I would never stay at a hotel that just opened ever again. We thought we were safe because it was suppose to open in November, but they were still building rooms while we were there and many areas were not finished yet including the spa. Our room flooded the first night and it took them a while to come and fix it. It took them 2 days to fix the lock on our deck door. English speaking employees are minimal which makes communication difficult. The pool was very nice and it was easy to get chairs probably because they weren't full. The ocean area was also nice, but very crowded. Restaurants were okay, but the buffet was better unfortunatley. They had a dress code, but never identified what that was on the website. Men had to wear long pants to all restaurants and the closed toe shoes in the french restaurant. But, this was not always enforced. The calibre of the food did not fit the need for a dress code. Housekeeping - you were never sure if you woudl get towels and which size. Some days we would get face cloths other days not. They give you a passport with numbers and information, but some of it is misleading. For example, room service is open at 6am and the nuber to call it is not open until 7am. So how are you suppose to get room service before 7am??? We found out later we could have phoned the front desk. A room servie number shoudl follow the room service hours. Overall, I wouldn't say that this was a 5 star hotel and for the money we paid it wasn't worth it.We did however get exceptional serve from the bell man - Julio. When we first arrived he brought our luggage to the room, but explained the layout to the hotel to us - thank god becuase there were no signs. He actually went out of his way to give exceptional service, was very friendly and helpful. We requested him on the way home to get our luggage too. His english was very good and he was quite knowledgeable. He was worth every tip he received.One good thing was the room size - they were a great size.