beautiful beach First Day- Arrived Nov 21 part of a Sunwing group- the very first guests of the Majestic Elegance- Surprise-Surprise! Sunwing had told us that this hotel had been taking guests since October. We were dropped off at the Colonial by the Sunwing bus operator, who was then forced to load us back up and take us to the Elegance.The lobby and lower bar area was/is magnificent, even with the unfinished drywall and construction debris. The poor check-in men looked as if the computers had just been switched on and that they did not yet know what to do with the computers or with us. First Issue-Sunwing description of our room did not match any description of any rooms that the Elegance had to offer. Ricardo swung into action and sent us to the Elegance Club check-in area, with the promise that Calix would look after us. After a long trip through the construction site, past workers, tools, barrows, wires, etc, I asked the bellboy to stay with our luggage- thinking we may need to get out of there. Inside the Elegance check-in area Calix and his staff were doing everything they could to get their guests comfortable and then moved into rooms that the construction workers had not yet moved out of. The torrential rain caused flooding of the check-in area floor and water was dripping out of numerous areas in the plaster ceiling. The air conditioning was not working, and there were no restaurants open, so we waited. After 2 hours we were taken to the room by Calix, the bellboy had stayed (great staff), and upon informing him that this room still did not match the Sunwing description, he told us he would get us moved again, we waited in the room for another 2 hours, not having a key to the room, no TV, no drinks in the fridge, no hot water, no telephone, no internet, no AC- lots of construction noise. 2 hrs passed ?I went and found Calix- talking on 2 phones at the same time, with the walkie talkie on his belt, standing by the pool watching the men cutting the marble for the overflow drain to be installed. He told me we would have to stay in the room over night- that there were no more rooms available.We went for supper at the Italian Resturant- I have to say the staff is tremendous- but the meal was late and cold- it took us 2 hours to eat.The first issue continued into the next day- still no other room available, with Calix promising to find us one sometime in the future?finally after lunch I told him to forget it I would settle this room issue with Sunwing. The room we had was nice, I liked the sunken area and the layout. It was on the south side of the resort facing the vacant lot, and was very private with a view of the ocean and the wreck off the coast.Second Issue-lack of Hot Water ?we had cold water on the 21st, tepid water on the 22nd, hot water on the 23rd , 24th, 25th, back to cold on the 26th, tepid on the 27th, and hot on the 28th. At least twice during our stay the toilet was hooked to hot water, and on at least 4 separate times the water would be shut off for a period of time.Third Issue ?Electricity ?the power could go off at any time during the day for any length of time with no warning. This happened at least 2 times a day, each day, every day.Fourth Issue- Construction workers and construction noise throughout the entire week. Construction workers and bikini clad women don mix well (no offense to us construction workers). The noise was continuous throughout the day. They were still building the marble countertops for the pool bar in the Elegance Club area, and the grinders are quite noisy. As well as hammer drills, hammers, etc as the electricians did their thing.Fifth Issue- Lack of lighting- the walkways in the central garden and pool area did not have the lighting completed until the 26th, (it does look quite spectacular now even with the immature vegetation, to stand at the top of the stairs in the main lobby at night, and look out through the arches towards the ocean is spectacular). The lack of lighting in the corridors still was not addressed by the time we left Nov 28th. This meant that as you walked to your rooms you moved from lit corridors into dark areas, this happened on both sides of the complex. The hotel provided security men with nightsticks to stand in these darkened areas.Sixth Issue ?Restaurants ?We really enjoyed eating at this hotel. Simply because of the people who were serving us. For the most part they were extremely cheerful and always did their best to help us. However the restaurants were not all open at the same time, and even if they were open, all menu items were not available. The Italian restaurant experience on our first day kept us out of it until, the 26th for supper- it was very nice and hot. The steakhouse or as we affectionately called it ?he rodenthouse? (we were there when the rat dropped out of the ceiling on the large table)- was great. We ate there 4 of the nights we were there. Each night the service and the meals got better. The corn and chicken soup was tremendous. The beach house was dark at night for eating. They had not yet got all the lights working and it was ok food but not great. We ate lunch usually at the buffet in the Colonial which brings us to the seventh issue.Seventh Issue- Access to the Colonial- Ricardo and Calix and our Sunwing rep Jenner all told us to go to the Colonial and that we were free to use their services. The first 2 days of our trip, no one had told the Colonial that and we were hassled, especially regarding internet access. The last 3 days we had to take a long walk detour, through a darkened area and on part of the service road.Eighth Issue- Life safety- no fire extinguishers, no pressure at the fire hose cabinets and intermittent hydro and water left me feeling unsafe.Ninth Issue- our room really was not ready. The TV was hooked up on our 3rd, but was not hung from the wall on the bracket. The room sensors are a good idea but were not operational, and as a result staff would walk in on you after knocking. The pass thru service system, is another good idea but not yet working. There was no literature, no info of any kind in the room. No DVD player, no DVDs either, the library was empty. The ceiling in the shower fell down unto the floor that last morning we were there. It just wasn ready yet for guests. The butler system, maid service, bar service all will be great, but aren there yet.Overall, we had a good time. We met new people- shared the adventure together. Got sun, swam in the ocean enjoyed the beach and the people.Being a novice to package trips, how Sunwing could sell packages to a hotel without any pre inspection is beyond my comprehension.