W brand is all about taking the 5 star experience in a new trendy direction. However, W Hong Kong ends up being a dissapointment. The rooms are modern and sleek, although not exactly to everyone's taste. However there some design flaws that shouldn't exist in a top hotel. The reception is located on the 6th floor, but even once you get there it's not visible from the lifts. There is no place to wait while the reception staff are busy serving other guests, making for a rather awkward experience on check-in. Free internet is only available in the lobby, turning the small lobby area into an impromptu business centre. However, if you want to check your mail in the evening, you end up sharing this space with a bunch of people having drinks and enjoying loud music. Far from ideal, when one wants to send business emails. The consierge desk seemed empty or understaffed for most of the time. The business centre is closed. The shower in one of the rooms was designed in such a way that it was improssible to prevent water from flowing out into the living room. However, my biggest complaint is reserved for service. W claims to make the guests comfortable by allowing hotel staff to "be themselves" and express their own personality. I'm all in favour of hotel staff showing some of their own personality, as long as they are still professional, courteous, and service oriented. I found many of the hotel staff weird and inappropriately friendly. I don't like being greeted by a 22 year old guy telling me "You're looking tired tonight" when returning to the hotel in the evening. When that comment was ignored, he continued to say "Oh you don't get the joke". Similarly weird remarks were made on other occasions. The concierge ladies were too busy talking to each or speaking on the phone to even make eye contact with guests. Overall I found that most of the staff were not service oriented, attentive or professional. And their effort at showing their own personality just comes across as somewhat chummy, often imature, and obnoxious. In a city full of great hotels with superb service I'd rather stay in a place which has consistent professional service levels. This way you get what you pay for.