On previous trips to Hong Kong we usually stayed at the Sheraton on Nathan Road. However, on our recent visit we thought we'd try the new W Hotel and stayed there for 5 nights. We were disappointed from the moment we entered our room - the room was clearly not properly cleaned after the previous guest, with hair and dirt left all over the bathroom, dirty carpeting in the bedroom and food stains on the table. We called reception and instead of simply moving us to a different room, they had someone from housekeping show up with a vaccum cleaner while we had to vacate our room for 15 minutes. We returned to our room to have a shower and quickly discovered that the shower wasn't draining and that the entire bathroom had flooded. To their credit, the hotel eventually moved us to another, upgraded room. However, what was most annoying was the general style of the staff - most are clearly badly trained - the staff at the front door tended to be overly casual, making innapropriate jokes or chummy comments when we passed. The staff at the beautiful swimming pool were especially unpleasant, more concerned with taking our room details and confirming our right to be at the pool rather than properly welcoming us. Also, the pool staff were sloppily dressed in oversized shirts and mirror sunglasses, and were far too engaged in their own conversations instead of tending to guests' needs. We were also surprised to see one of the pool attendants simply pouring the remains of a drink into the pool. We were also amazed at how often our requests were met with a "no" at a hotel which prides itself on "whatever/whenever" service. When we wanted to order a snack at the pool, we were told that there is no catering service until 11:00 (and no one remembered our interest in ordering something even though we stayed at the pool 'till noon). When we asked whether it would be possible to take a small suitcase with us on the shuttle to Nathan Road, we were told that if other people also needed to take the shuttle, we wouldn't be able to take the suitcase (even though it fully fit into the trunk of the van and took up no space inside). When we wanted to use the business centre, there was no one there and we had to approach reception. There didn't seem to be any management around during our stay and their absence clearly shows. Overall, the management at the W Hong Kong seems to be trying a new "relaxed" approach to guest service, but the result is that service has taken a giant leap backwards. Next time we're in Hong Kong we'll be back at the Sheraton on Nathan Road.