We just spent several hours getting a "quick" bite to eat in the sports bar in this hotel as we were afraid to go outside to find someplace else since this area of the city is not the best and the actual restaurant was not open. First, they gave my salad to my fiance with chicken on top, which I did not order. There was no creamy balsalmic dressing on it so I was waiting for them to bring that, and my fiance's salad was still nowhere to be found. Instead, they took my salad back and it took another half an hour for the rest of our food to come, including my correct salad. And not including the cup of soup I ordered. My fiance, however, had been given the wrong salad. Neither of us were given dressing this time either. So while we waited for that, the bartender went back to find out if my fiance could get the salad he ordered instead of the one he was given. He ended up just eating the wrong salad, and I was so hungry that I ate half of mine before we were even given dressing (blue cheese and italian; neither of which were what was supposed to come with my salad in the first place). No soup to be found. We asked for it again. I ended up being pretty hungry once I finished my salad, so while the bartender made up our checks I asked if I just wasn't going to have any soup. I was still hungry and about to work until 4am with a half-empty stomach for 12 hours. As we were leaving, my soup came out and I had to finish it in about 30 seconds. The worst part was that the bartender was apparently supposed to pay for the kitchen's (frequent and bad) mistakes... she comped my fiance's salad and used her tips to pay for it, so we felt bad and gave her the money for his meal anyway. She definitely didn't deserve to be treated the way the kitchen was treating her, and after she spent three hours trying to get them to make our food, she shouldn't have to pay for it herself. I had been in the car since very early this morning driving to Chicago and now I'm sitting in my room, exhausted and upset instead of enjoying myself like I should be. At least I finally got to eat something. The front desk and bellhop were very helpful; just please get ahold of your kitchen. There wasn't even anyone else ordering food in the bar.