I don't like to be negative. I thought I knew what I was getting into when I made reservations here. Colleagues had told me that this wasn't much more than a place to sleep. I love Chicago, and I know where to stay when I'm in town for fun. This time I was there for work, an Expo at McCormick Place. There were 2 things that really appealed to me about the South Loop - FREE Parking & proximity to McCormick. First night, there was a fight on my floor. I don't know the details & I fully realize people can be stupid no matter the environment. The ruckus lasted off & on for a couple of hours until the police arrived, around 5am. What's funny is when I called down later in the morning to inquire about access to the hotel safe, the staff member who answered the phone said, "Yes, ma'am, the hotel is safe. The police station is 2 blocks away," I knew at that moment, the staff had been coached to address the incident. Second night there was a loud disagreement between staff members in the hall. I heard their voices, peeped out the hole, saw one guy pushing a cart, another guy telling him to do what he's told because he's the "F-ing boss". OK, then. Erica in the gift shop was so great, really enjoyed chatting with her. Even though I hurt her feelings a bit when I told her I brought my own snacks. (I brought my own coffee pot, too, as there is not one in the room.) Anyway, Erica suggested a place for dinner, couple blocks walk from the hotel. Carbon Live Fire Mexican Grill. I will be writing a review of that place, too. I enjoyed it & thank Erica for the suggestion! I did duck into the coffee shop. I brought food with me, I always do when I travel, but one morning I really needed an egg sandwich. The woman behind the counter wasn't very pleasant. The place smelled like old grease. I almost left, but I realized I could actually see her prep the food, so that comforted me a bit. Though I traveled alone, there were people I knew staying at the hotel, too. One of my peers checked into her room to find someone had defecated on the floor & well, I won't describe any of the details. My personal experience with my room was that it was cleanish. I've seen better, but sadly I've seen worse! Many of the reviews mention Miss Jackie & she is a sweet lady. Tommy was helpful. I think they care, but are hobbled by things out of their control. Through certain discount sites, you can get a ridiculous rate on a stay here. I was in town for 5 nights, with my personal vehicle for work. I wanted to save money. Chicago South Loop gave me exactly what I was looking for.