I had read the prior reviews so I had high hopes. When we checked in the lines were long as they had 2 people at the front desk. I waited, no problem. When they finally checked us in & gave us the key we went up to the room and walked in on a shirtless guy sitting there smoking a cigarette! He was really nice & said hello & everything, of course we apologized & got out of there. As we were hightailing it back down to the front desk I said to my husband "I thought this was a no smoking hotel?" Bizarre. When we got to the front desk there was still a long line but we stood to the side & got the persons attention who checked us in. Jackie was really nice & apologized profusely. She figured out that the guest renewed his stay but that the computer system didn't update the info. So she thought the room was unoccupied. She was really nice & offered us a complimentary meal in the hotel restaurant. We thanked her & told her it wasn't her fault. She said the wait for another room would be 15-20 minutes as the maid had to clean it. Keep in mind the room was already paid for with the prior reservations I had made. So again we waited. She finally told us our room was ready & when I went to grab my bags my husband said he overheard Todd the general manager telling Jackie she needed to take our room back. I guess he needed it for someone else that had an issue as well & had been waiting. My husband said he gave him a look that could kill. Jackie told Todd that she couldn't take our room back because we were on our way up to it. Can you believe a general manager would say that though? We finally made it to our room after a long line waiting for the elevator. That was a major problem. It seemed like there was only 1 working elevator for the entire hotel, we tried to use another one we found but it wasn't working. Our room was decent, we were glad to finally be in it. The room was spacious, nice bathroom with a huge bathtub. There were brown crumbs or something underneath the sheet on the bed that I had to remove with a handful of Kleenex. We went out to dinner for our anniversary and when we came back the free parking lot was full. We finally found a spot on the street, luckily. The next day upon checkout we went looking for the hotel restaurant so we could use our meal vouchers Jackie gave us the day before, (to make up for the occupied room incident). We smelled the food but couldn't find the restaurant, there was no menu in our room for it by the way. After several passes thru the hotel & several people giving us directions we finally found it. The "restaurant" was really like a convenience store/ coffee shop the size of a newspaper stand with 4 stools in it. No wonder we couldn't find it. They were cooking on a hot plate. When we walked up we waited 10 minutes while no one acknowlegded us or said hello. When we finally placed our order & waited for our food, my husband & I couldn't wait to eat & get out of there. They told us there was an empty banquet room across the hall where we could wait for our food & they would bring it over to us. The waitress that brought our food was nice & cordial the food was ok. We hurriedly ate & left. Overall, we thought the hotel wasn't equipped to handle the volume of people that were there. The professionalism wasn't there for the most part. Jackie was professional & extremely nice but mostly everyone else was not. Starting at the top with Todd the general manager, perhaps that's the problem. I was disappointed by the whole experience. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. That was our first & last time staying there. Unfortunately Jackie's sweet personality can't carry the entire hotel. If you decide to stay there after this review you can't say you weren't warned.