Hotwire has totally mis-represented this hotel. If this is a 2 1/2 star hotel, I must live in a grand mansion. The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it was affordable. It is close to absolutely nothing other than run down buildings and the projects. We got to see a "transaction" between a "guest" and a transvestite hooker upon our arrival after checking in. Had I not paid for this hotel and needed a place to stay on a very busy week-end I would have turned around and left this place immediately. The rooms are large, but not well appointed. There is no air vent in the bathroom and there was a swarm of small bugs that seemed to multiply in the corner of the bathroom ceiling. The towels did not smell clean and fresh and the walls looked as if someone had tried to clean them with a quick swipe of an already dirty cloth. The furnishings are rather cheap looking and look very dated for a relatively new hotel. The worst part of our trip was our visit to the "on site coffee shop", Awake with Pearl. This place is a joke and not a funny joke. "Pearl" , I'm assuming, since this is what the others around her called her, is rude, condescending and just plain unpleasant. I understand the Ed Debevic's charm and allure of being treated poorly by the wait-staff, it is part of the ambiance of Ed Debevic's and one enters this place aware of and looking forward to barbing and snide comments from the servers, it's part of the act. Pearl is not an act. She is quite possibly the rudest, most unhappy person I've ever encountered. She must hate what she is doing for a living and hate life and people in general. I ordered biscuits and gravy from the very small menu and asked if they were home-made, Pearl informed me that they were home-made after giving me a look that spoke volumes. The buscuits nor the gravy were home-made, and they were inedible, awful and overpriced, to boot. I have never been treated so poorly as I was in this place, especially by a person that is in the business of "hospitality". Perhaps Pearl should consider finding another line of work and the Chicago South Loop Hotel should consider replacing this little room with a small continental breakfast area to serve the guests. I am extremely disappointed to have wasted my last few vacation days at a place like this and will assure everyone that I will not be using Hotwire or this hotel in the future, which is sad because my daughter and I love to travel to Chicago a few times per year.