We chose to stay at the Adamar after reading many customer reviews on Trip advisor and Expedia. It had fantastic reviews on both sites and so we were not expecting to have any problems. However, unfortunately, our stay did not get off to a good start as we were informed when we first arrived that the hotel had over-booked itself and so we would have to stay in a different hotel close by for 2 nights (50% of our trip). The hotel had apparently failed to see the fax Expedia sent through with our booking. The hotel did at least accept that it was their mistake rather than try to blame it on Expedia, but it was a very disappointing start to our stay when we had spent so long researching hotels and chosen to stay at the Adamar specifically. We were placed in the Hotel Le Piano for 2 nights which was fine and well managed, but we felt probably a slightly cheaper hotel. When we finally moved across to the Adamar after two nights, we were shown two rooms to choose from. We chose room 501 which was a small room but had great views of the bosphorous. I think the hotel probably did give us the best of their standards rooms but I dont think they gave us a room upgrade to compensate for our inconvenience as we were not offered one of the panoramic circular rooms which are clearly the more expensive rooms. Furthermore, after complaining upon our initial arrival we were offered a free airport transfer for our return flight. However, when it came to the end of our stay and they realised we were flying from the further away airport of Istanbul Sabina gocen rather than Ataturk this offer was withdrawn. The hotel did offer us free dinner at the hotel but we had found the breakfast at the hotel average so did not particularly want to have dinner at the hotel as well. We never met the manager of the hotel, despite having asked to see him upon on our initial arrival. I would have expected a manager to personally apologise for such an error as it is a small hotel, rather than leave his staff to deal with the problem. I am sure you can have a good stay at the Adamar as it has a great location and fantastic views and some good staff such as the waitress at breakfast. However, perhaps as the hotel is not used to dealing with unhappy customers it did not manage to do enough to win us over after making such a big initial mistake of placing us in a different hotel for half of our trip. Having had to complain at the start of our stay and then be dissatisfied when the offer of a complimentary airport transfer was withdrawn created an uncomfortable atmosphere between us and the staff which affected the pleasantness of our stay for the 2 nights we were actually in the Adamar. I would certainly not recommend booking the hotel through Expedia as it clearly does not have a fail safe booking system with them.