We have just returned from staying at Petit Palace Mayor. I have returned with mixed feels which I will try and explain through this review. Firstly when booking and looking more information on the hotel I googled the hotel and could never find many hits apart from information pages from the likes of Expedia/lastminute etc. For reference the hotel is owned by a chain called High Tech Hotels ([-]). The location was great, a minutes walk from Plaza Mayor (http://www.multimap.com/s/B8Y9hQGe) where you can enjoy a number of tapas bars and sit and people watch till your hearts content. 5/10 mins walk down Calle Mayor is the Royal Palace and Catedral de la Almudena. Around 20 mins walk in the other direction is the Museo del Prado. You are also a short walk from the Sol metro station. On arrival it took 30/40 mins to check-in which was a joke especially when we arrived at 2am after a delayed flight. The guy on the desk seemed to have technical (or other!) issues using either PC he had access too. Anyway got checked in and allocated room 110, the room was clean (the hotel is brand new) but small. There was enough room to walk around the bed and that was it. If you are staying here for more than 2 nights you might want to upgrade to a larger family room. The bathoom was good, huge shower (rainfall shower head), contemporary fittings (all from Porcelanosa) and almost the size of the bedroom. You will noticed everything they could get away with they branded. Even down to the Dell laptops they have in each room. The view out the room was terrible, onto the other side of the hotel, if you opened the window and stuck your head out you could see the sky. It was unclear during our stay if any rooms had views down Calle Mayor, it looked like just the main areas. which would be great shame. When we had booked the hotel we had taken up the offer (available from Expedia and lastminute) for an upgrade to a hydromassage bath and free soft drinks. This is far from worth it, all rooms have a hydromassage showers anyway and the free soft drinks were two bottles of 500ml water. Expedia and lastminute also claim there is an informal bar at this hotel, this is not the case. Checking the official hotel website it does not advertise this. We never had breakfast in the hotel but the couple we were with went the first morning and it was nothing write home about, for 15 euros each it was better to go and explore and enjoy breakfast at a traditional Madrid cafe. As the hotel is new there are a few teething issues, one major one was that the couple we were with had continual door issues. Each time they returned to the room it took up to 5 new swipe cards to get into their room. Going up and down from the 4th floor you can understand their frustration. Hopefully this was a one off or they are in the process of sorting this. Note - For readers arriving into Madrid Barajas and getting a taxi be aware a lot of sites that say it is a 20 euro trip into Madrid. This wasn't the case for us. Always ask how much it will be before getting in a taxi, we were first quoted 50 euros but haggled down to 35 euro. On arriving at the hotel we noticed the meter said just over 20 euros, he claimed airport supplements etc made it 35 euros. We took the metro back to the airport, 2 euros 90 cents each and two changes, dead easy and only 20/25 mins. All in all the hotel was okay for a night or twos stay but no longer. As with all new hotels there are teething issues, they need to sort the check-in process and ensure all the door swipe cards work first time. The hotel was great from a location point of view. Still unclear how they class this as a 4* hotel, it has no bar or restaurant (lunch or dinner), no room service, staff who need properly trained and small bedrooms. It seemed to be classed as 4* due to the hotel being brand new. Will be looking elsewhere next time.