As a frequent visitor to Singapore sometimes in transit as on this day, when we usually stay at a city property, we decided to try to Crowne Plaza at Changi for an overnight stay. We booked on the hotel website at a very good rate and checked in around 10pm. It is a good walk through terminal 3, but with a cart, the trip is easy. The only disadvantage is that at the entrance to the hotel from the terminal, the carts have to be left and the lead in to reception is over a cobble stone type of tiled floor which while aesthetically pleasing is not good along which to roll suitcases. The room we had 718 is large, excellently laid out and stylish. On the very comfortable king size bed was a package called Enhanced Sleep Advantage inviting us to be part of a pilot program to provide you with quote "provide you with all you (sic) sleep essentials for that perfect night's sleep". How we wish that was true. The room overlooks the airport approach, the entrance door is off an open air corridor, and a long double glazed window of the large room blocked all traffic noise. However the noise of a landing 747 on full reverse thrust punctuated the night and ensured a completely disturbed night with little sleep for one of us at least. The next morning I sought the hotel Duty Manager and spoke with Alicia who assured me that our room, because of the cheap rate we had received, was definitely not one of their non preferred rooms. In fact she assured us that level 7 in our area is considered a quiet one. She was very courteous and apologetic and said that on our next stay she would try to ensure we got a quieter room in an area looking towards terminal 2. She also said that the hotel design concept was to make it more resort style, open air, rather than business like, which we could see easily walking around and which was very attractive. In our view however the design is great but that the hotel is not really suited for the purpose of sleeping in close proximity of an airport. KLIA and Suvarnabhumi got it right and it is extraordinary that high tech can do Singapore got it so wrong. Whomever commissioned and approved the design should take responsibility and take a night trying to sleep there. We felt later that the Enhanced Sleep Package was probably an attempt to improve the sleep quality of the room as a result of many similar experiences to ours. One of us would not go back and try a quieter room as offered by Alicia as he cannot see how any of the rooms given the open corridor open air design and proximity to the runways will be able to offer a good nights sleep unless sleeping pills perhaps are included in the Enhanced Sleep Advantage package. The other would like to give Alicia the chance of giving us a quieter room. We are interested in other people's views