I booked this hotel with quite high hopes, based upon other reviews on Tripadvisor. Maybe that was my problem, I expected too much. However, when I arrived, the receptionist was rude, uncaring, and got my reservation wrong several times. She argued with me, saying I was too check out a day earlier then what I had booked. I had to show her my printed out reservation, which showed exactly what I booked, until she finally relented, after speaking to her manager. She then went on to quote me a different price, to which I was booked (a much higher price). Again she argued with me, until I showed her my printed reservation which showed how much I had agreed to pay. Once in the room, it was, to say the least, "ok." Every single wall had deep scuff marks on them. Not one, not two, but DOZENS of black scuff marks. The mini bar had dried coffee and god knows what else, all over it. The bathroom had mildew, rust, cracks, and an all around poor condition about it. I tried to connect to the internet, using their hardline (no wifi, for a hotel of this cost?) and couldn't connect. I was told it was "my computer." Funny, I am in another hotel in Zermatt, Switzerland, right now, hooked to their hardline, on the same computer, and I'm not having a problem. Didn't have a problem in Innsbruck or Lucerne either. Yes, I asked to be changed to a different room and was told, "You are single. There are no other rooms available." It was then I realized the attitude and the poor room. Even though I was paying as if two people were in the room. The treatment I received at this hotel, caused me to leave a day early. I cannot say enough, of how rudely the people at this hotel treated me. I would not go back, nor would I recommend anyone to stay there. Two positives to the hotel: The breakfast was great and so is its location. As others have said, its nice to get away from the hustle/bustle of the downtown Venice, to a quiet out of the way area, yet still be within walking distance of the main sites.