This is my first experience stayed at a so called Boutique Hotel. I stayed there for 3 weeks at the deluxe room. No concierge that escort you to the room, I have to drag my bag. The room is definitely very very small... especially in the bathroom and the shower area, cannot imagine people with big posture navigate this place. Must admit the interior is really funky, get you the fun atmosphere... the bed is definitely very comfortable to sleep on. They have wi-fi but very slow, can't even play Youtube. The flat screen is too big, so it gets really uncomfortable to watch when you sitting down. There is no L'Ocitane toiletteries that been brag about on their website and brochure. The electricity went out 2-3 times, first time I experience this in Singapore. Most annoying is the paper thing wall, I called up several time to the receptionist, because the room next door is full of teenager playing games @ midnight. I can heard any body walking on the aisle and the TV noise from room next door. And calling for service is a drag, its never answer immediately, because the called goes back to receptionist....sometime I have to called again because my request has not been send. They say it close to MRT...well ...consider you enjoy walking a lot in Singapore ....yes it is close, however we have to walk across the park, so when it raining, that would be impossible unless you have rain coat and umbrella, I don't thing traveler always carry those stuff with them. Its located on a hill so when you walking to the hotel is incline, good for cardio work out. What dissapoint me most is the hidden cost that they called housekeeping charge every time I asked for sugar or tea or asked them to check the room electricity, and it because they never refill the sugar in the room. Small value like $2-3, but annoying. Not much tasting the food, only come down for breakfast 2 times, the most horrible taste of coffee in Sin. This is very disappointing, since Singaporean like their coffee, a simple favorite drinks suppose to be good. I would not recommend people to stay here.