Our family of four stayed in a suite with two queen beds and a sofa bed. Check in was quick and efficient. We were given a room on the third floor. The room looked nice and clean. The bathroom was spotless. Closer inspection showed the grout on the tile floor was not in great shape. A lot of cracks and a few floor tiles were loose. The toilet seemed to get clogged fairly easily so I am betting the floor was in rough shape from it overflowing multiple times. Just hope it got mopped some. The shower head was also in bad shape. It had multiple setting but is was falling apart. I finally got it set on just a normal spray, but it took a lot of fiddling to get that. The rest of the room looked good though one of the beds was pushed up right next to the A/C unit. Looking at the beds, they looked nice and clean. They even use fitted sheets which I really like. HOWEVER, the fitted sheet on my bed was coming off and as I was fixing it I noticed some bad stuff. The mattresses on the beds looked extremely old. My bed has a large brown stain that started on the top and went down the side. Seeing this would have normally led me straight back to the from desk, but there was a VERY clean, white pillowtop add on over the mattress held in place by elastic bands. While that made it tolerable for me, I still cannot give real high marks for this hotel because of this. I just tried to not think about it and what the stain might possibly be. The TV was a big tube TV. However, many channels would show up black. All the channels were mislabeled on the screen. Not sure if it was just our room or the whole place was like that. The breakfast was another downside. The selections where very slim and the person who was suppose to restock items was not very attentive or even around very much. SO really I was stuck eating cereal because all the bagels and pastries were gone. The only hot items I saw were eggs (weird, precooked individual serving eggs) and bacon (very flimsy and thin) or sausage. Not even any biscuits to go with it. The hotel is located next to a couple of apartment complexes. There is a gas station in the next parking lot where it looks like day laborers hang out all day. One evening as I was going to my car I was approached by a young man asking for food money. I would not let kids go outside by themselves day or night. While the price I paid was very good, I doubt I will stay at this hotel again. I would rather pay a bit more to avoid the bad things encountered at this hotel.