If I only had to rate this hotel on the condo itself, I would give a glowing review. But after dealing with the hotel staff several times with no resolution I would definitely think twice before booking here again. This place was recommended by my AAA travel agent. I read all the reviews and it seemed most people were happy with their stay. Upon check in I requested that our condo not be next to the A/C units I read about in the reviews. The girl behind the desk just smiled and gave me the keys. When I went inside the condo - I was impressed with how nice it was, but very dissappointed to see that the A/C units were right outside the Master Bdrm windows. I called the front desk to ask if I could be moved. They moved me to a condo in building 3 that wasn't next to the A/C units, but this condo seemed old and dingy (stains on carpet, outdated cabinets, stinky). I was disappointed. My husband decided to call the front desk and ask if we could get something like the first condo they gave us, but without the loud A/C units outside our windows. Although the place seemed empty we were told that they had nothing else and were unable to upgrade us to a three bedroom because another hotel had overbooked and was sending their guests here. My husband then asked the manager again "so even if we pay for the upgrade to a 3 bedroom, you still do not have anything?" Suddenly they had something and promised to send someone over with the key since we were already late for our dinner reservation and the kids were getting restless. After waiting at least 30 minutes, the person finally showed up with the key. We were quite frustrated that our plans were now ruined because it took them 1 1/2 hours to just check us in! The 3 bedroom condo was very nice, however it had no toilet paper and the jacuzzi jet tub did not work . Housekeeping also only came once during our 3-night stay and when they finally came they missed a ton of things (including giving us toilet paper). The heated pool was also not heated which made swimming in the evening after Disney impossible this time of year. We complained to the front desk about these things, but the general attitude of all was they could care less. We also tried to utilize the concierge for things to do besides Disney. The concierge barely knew anything (I knew more from my own research before we came). So if you are looking for a lot of room and a newer place to stay - it is nice in that regard, as long as you don't expect anything from the staff. As a side note, this hotel faces I-4, so expect to hear the traffic unless you turn on a fan!