We arrived at the Dallas Sterling with a group event that was hosted at the hotel ballroom. On our arrival our reservation information had been lost, this did not give me a good feeling about the stay. There was a difference in the rate quoted on my reservation and the rate charged on check in because of the loss of my reservation. The rate was honored once I provided a copy of my reservation. The front desk staff overcame this issue and checked us into a room. The room was acceptably clean and the bed was reasonably comfortable for us. The ice machine was broken on our hall and I reported it to the front desk but it was never fixed during our stay. (3 Nights) I concur with other reviewers that the halls are oppressively hot, AC in the halls is not working at all. When it comes to food at the hotel, there are huge issues. Food service is horribly slow and the menu is primarily fried foods with the exception of some salads and one or two baked or grilled items. This is our second stay at this hotel because our event is hosted there. On our first stay we waited more than one hour for food ordered in the sports bar. The staff reluctantly comped our food because of the horrible wait time. On our visit this year the service was some improved but we still waited 50 mins for fried food and appetizers that should have been out in less than 15 mins. ( It just doesn't take that long to fry chicken strips or chicken fried steak ). On top of that most of the items were not hot on arrival to our table. The room service experience on our first night was far better than eating in the sports bar or dining room. It took 30 mins. and everything was hot on arrival to our room. The smoke alarm started chirping in the middle of the night and a call to the front desk was no help. I ended up removing the smoke alarm myself and removing the battery to stop the chirping. Our door lock broke twice during our stay locking us out of our room. I can say maintenance staff was prompt and friendly and fixed the problem both times. I got the feeling from my stay that preventative maintenance was not a priority. The wood trim showed wear and the elevators were terrible. The elevators were noisy and the doors rattled. The doors got stuck open for long periods on 3 occasions with me. I noticed several gaps between the elevator doors and the elevator car walls large enough to get a childs hand in. I can only imagine how a parent of small children might feel about this. We did not visit the pool and found the outside security officer reassuring at night. While I couldn't recommend this hotel to a friend, its not bad enough yet to make me stay at another location and drive to the event that is hosted there. Thank You