Welcome to Intercontinental Dallas where youll be greeted by a polished valet guy and another one right behind him drinking a soda, texting, and eating who ignores assisting my wife with our luggage. After opening the ridiculously outdated heavy doors (for my wife, remember the valet guy has his hands full) we entered the lobby. Though the entrance to the hotel was not so great, the lobby looked fantastic. Clean, good ambiance, busy bar. Our check-in was simple; the gentleman was very professional and made us laugh and smile. I didnt ask about internet connection at the time, but Ill get into that in a bit. There was a crowd at the elevator at which two or three elevators were broken. After about fifteen minutes of waiting, we arrived at our room; it was tidy and clean thought the hallways carpet leading to it were dirty and stained. My wife wanted to switch on her iPad and video call our daughter to let her know we have arrived safely. This is where the nightmare begins. Let me inform you that our stay was for three nights, October of 2011. Two-Thousand-Eleven. This hotel has no in-room wifi. In fact no free internet anywhere. The in-room charge was $10 for a day, but if you disconnect your computer or turn it off, guess what, its another ten dollars. Its all wired, (Ethernet cable) ya know, the ones from the 80s and 90s.. so no iPad connection at all. I was able to get my phone to use as a hotspot, but thats hardly convenient. Around dinner time we headed down to get some recommendations from the hotel concierge. Let me say this now, through out all the miseries of this outdated property, the concierge, Kural, was simply sunshine to my wife and I. He suggested amazing restaurants around the hotel every night of our stay and my wife spoke of him at our dinners excited to give him the feedback. He also made the arrangements for us to attend the State Fair. The State Fair was incredible, fun, and the food as well. Kural gave us information on how to get there using Dallass bus and train system. From the hotel its about 20 miles away, but round trip it was only $4. Talk about a man who knows how to find you a deal, this young man was just fantastic. We did eat breakfast once at the hotel, nothing special, but the service was good. We also sat down for drinks in the lounge / lobby. My wife and I waited for over 15 minutes to be served. We were surrounded by young people enjoying their night and drinks, but the waitress just seemed to ignore us and would rather chat with the other wait staff. After we were served our overflowing drinks we walked to the drive to use the hotel shuttle to Gloria's. We waited to be acknowledged staring at the same valet man hunched over his desk texting. The Shuttle is a great service, being hinted that we need to tip the driver (our texting friend) is not so classy. The shuttle was not so quick to pick us back up. When I questioned the driver he apologized and said the shuttle was being used to buy groceries for the gift shop. Groceries?! Are you kidding me? We were not the only ones delayed by a shopping run the hotel decided to do in the middle of what seemed to be a chaotic night for the shuttle. Talk about time management, I owned a restaurant in my days and all our food was delivered. And that was the 70's for god sakes. The day we departed our check out was quick and easy, no horrendous charges, and we like it that way. We did not utilize Room Service or have any problems with Housekeeping. We could have ended on a good note with just that, but no, this property cuts corners again. My wife and I ordered 2 cups of coffee from the Starbucks in the lobby, and paid for Starbucks coffee. I know coffee, I brew it now for a living. When I asked the cashier what it really was.. guess what, the house coffee is FOLGERS and they sell it as Starbucks. That is just plain embarrassing..