Earlier this year, I spend a week at the Magnolia for a conference and then tacking on a few days for fun. The hotel is beautiful and we enjoyed reading all about the history of the building. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with a kitchen which was a corner room. The bed was very comfortable. The bedroom furniture and linens were great. The living couch and chair need to be replaced. The bathroom was large and well appointed. The kitchen had all the essentials and everything worked well. There were a ton of windows for great light and I found it very quiet. I do not think I saw anyone esle on my floor. The room service has a limited menu and is not available 24 hours -- and just an FYI -- most restaurants in the area close very early as you are in the downtown business district. The location of the hotel is great -- close to mass transit and alot of the tourist stuff as well. My family was able to walk most anywhere during the day. At night, this area is deserted (as it is the business district) not at all like downtown Chicago or DC. This area is also going through a lot of redevelopment of the high rises so there is a lot of construction which makes the area alittle disconcerting at night. My only disappoint was consistently with the service. We arrived late --after 11pm --due to flight delays and check in took over 45 minutes! The reason for the delay is that even though they took my ID to locate our reservation -- they proceeded to check me in as someone else! When I went to sign the paperwork I noticed that we did not have the right daily cost per night nor did I have a reservation for the right number of nights. Therefore, we had to start all over with the check-in process. Other issues were with customer service when we asked for extra towels it took 2 hours and 2 phone calls to receive them. This also happened with a request for an ironing board and even room service took much longer than we were told. The hotel does not have a conceirge regardless of what they say. We could not get reccomendations to restaurants nor could we even get directions to well known locations -- one theater was literally 2 blocks away and noboby could say how to get there! We also asked where a grocery store and laundry services were located and nobody could tell me. It turns out there are laundry room in the hotel but no one could tell me that. Overall I would say this is a beautiful hotel and as long as you dont need any guidance or questions answered would be a quiet and relaxing place to stay.