We checked into the Magnolia on Sunday for our 6th anniversary, which my husband had planned as a surprise get-a-way. We arrived around 1:30 pm although check-in was at 3 pm and were assigned a room immediately. The room was a Signature Suite in the middle of the hotel with no view and there are no balconies at the Magnolia. The room was tastefully decorated, quiet and clean. My husband had booked the "Magical" package that was all but magical. We received our champagne and strawberries around 6 pm and went down to the front desk on our way out to dinner at 7 pm and inquired about the remaining items of our package (robes, cd, turndown service with cookies/milk). We were told that they would arrive between 8-9 pm and that it would be left in the room if we were not there. We returned a little after 9 pm to find no such items in our room. We called the front desk and requested the remaining items along with 2 additional washcloths. 30 minutes past and we called again. After this call we received a call from a porter who verified our request and said he would be up shortly. It was around 10:15 pm when he arrived and he had forgotten the washcloths, the CD that was a part of our package was unavailable because they were "out", and we never received the turn down service. The next morning I called again and we finally got the washcloths and our breakfast came on time, but was missing an entree and we had to call back to get condiments such as syrup for the pancakes we ordered. Lastly, we had a 2 pm check-out inluded with our package and yet the maid service knocked and entered the room at 9:30 am and again at 11:30 am while we were still trying to enjoy what little peace we could before leaving. Upon check-out we received 1/2 off the room after we explained our discontent and were informed that we received the wrong room which also should have had a view. Two days later an unauthorized charge for $10.83 was placed on my card. When I called to verify what the charge was for, it was explained that we were charged for 2 bottles of water that we never drank and had left in the bathroom and bedroom where we found them. I know that my husband was disappointed because his romantics efforts were thwarted by the Magnolia's service. The staff are nice and the hotel is nice, but we will not be staying there again.