I had high hopes for this place! I have stayed at the MCM Elegante in Abilene many times and was expecting the same type of service and rooms, I was very disappointed. The place is very outdated. The rooms are not all suites like the MCM Elegante in Abilene, so that was a let down as well. When checking in the gentleman took my payment and handed me a key, not telling me where we should park or even how to get to my room. I let that one go, because everyone has a bad day. After I asked where to park, etc., we went up to our room. As soon as you walk in you will see how much updating this property needs. The elevators have a musky smell and it doesn't get any better once in the room. There was no vent in the bathroom so when you shower that steam has nowhere to go but in your room for an instant sauna! Also our toilet wouldn't flush, but it was late and I did not want to change rooms so I lived with it. They do offer Bath and Body Works products in the bathroom and Starbucks coffee but I find it odd to make my coffee in the bathroom...and a little disgusting. There was a small fridge in the room but no microwave. Everyone I came in contact with at the hotel was rude! We wanted to get some water and a soda and we were told the vending machine on the first floor was broke and to use the one on the second floor. After walking the entire second floor we could not find a soda machine so we went back down to the front desk and the guy argue with us that it was up there yesterday so he doesn't understand where it is now...ummmm, well it's not there. So he said try to fourth floor, so back on the elevator and up to the 4th floor, I put my money in the machine and nothing, it took the dollar and gave me nothing in return. I returned to the desk and had to complete a form for a refund and just asked if I could get a bottle of water. He said go in there and pointed the the restaurant area. I entered and couldn't find anyone so went back toward the kitchen area and there was a gentleman cleaning up. I asked for a bottle of water and he gave me a warm bottle without saying a word. I was so tired and upset by then, I took a sip and put it in the fridge for the morning. Ridiculous. The beds are firm but I can say they have nice quality bedding and soft comfy pillows. Another warning, the walls are extremely thin. I could hear the ladies next door discussing that one has a thyroid problem at 5:30 in the morning. There is a full hot breakfast in the morning. But it was pretty gross, so I ate cold cereal. Again, the staff in the restaurant were rude and the only word I heard from them the whole time was, "where's your ticket." These people I guess assume that you have stayed there many times and know what to do. I had no clue where to give my ticket. The hotel in Abilene has someone that serves the breakfast for you, you dont open up the dishes and serve yourself, so that was different. This place needs a complete overhaul with the decor and staff! I will NOT stay there again! They do offer a special rate if going to the Presbyterian Hospital, but there are other places that are closer to the hospital with cheaper rates and friendlier staff. What a disappointment!