Okay- Hate to be a debbie downer here, but how this location gets such a high rating with airplanes flying over every 15 minutes is beyond me. I chose this location specifically based on TripAdvisor reviews. After all- I'm a member and reviewer. But surely I am not the only person to stay at this location that was unable to tune out the aircraft landing at Addison Airport up until midnight. My room was on an outside wall on the North side. Yes, the hotel is in a fairly safe area of Dallas, but there are some things you can trust my review for- mainly noise from thin wall construction. I asked if I could move my room but like most La Quinta personnel, I was forced to listen to the ol' "Well we're saving this room for, and that room is in a different price range, and...so on." So I blew it off and went back to my room thinking surely the planes will stop sooner or later. Yeah right. The last plane I heard was around 12:30 a.m. and then I think I finally fell asleep due to exhaustion- ha. But if you can handle the buzzing of planes then read on. Here were a few other things I noticed. They extra door latch was very loose. One screw almost all the way out. So much for that extra protection even if someone had a working card key. There is also about a 1.5 inch gap at the bottom of the doors. You guessed it. More noise due to no door sweeps. Everyone walking down the corridor shared their conversation with me. I finally had to put a bath towel in the space, God forbid I need to get out during an emergency. The TV quality was just okay, fuzzy and blurry cable I suppose, but the sets looked old. Probably the worst surprise at this la quinta (and I've stayed at quite a few) was the cleanliness of the bathroom. The tub was pretty din-gey, is that how you say it? How about just plain old dirty like a shower stall at an athletic club. Yes- I took pictures and I'll post 'em if anybody REALLY wants to see them. Then the air vent in the bathroom was just filthy dirty with thick dust collected all over it. Looked like it hadn't been cleaned since the hotel opened probably. Uh, that would be never,... cleaned. So what was worth 2 stars? The breakfast of course. And the location was good. Look, maybe I just got a bad room- especially given all the other glowing reviews. But who can ignore the airplane noise. The girl at the front desk said- that the sound was not as bad on the second floor. ha ha. Yeah like I believe that. Oh well. I don't like planes I guess- unless I'm flying in them. Something to keep in mind when considering this La Quinta. Oh- and one last thing. The CEO was nice enough to invite me to fill out a survey through an email he sent- or his marketing machine sent- because I checked out a day early. Too bad the survey link would never open the web page to which I was supposed to respond. Just as well they can read my review here. I used to love La Quinta. Been a returns member since the early 90s. Loved the little cassette tapes they used to send out with stories on them and humor. But nothing stays the same I suppose. Maybe the real lesson here is to have 2 or 3 hotels in mind- show up and hang out in the lobby or your room for 15 minutes- long enough to identify if there are going to be any annoyances like aircraft or forgetful folks trying to force their way into your room- yes that happened at this location too. ha ha. Pretty hotel. Below average satisfaction.