Poor value at the bali mandira I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Bali Mandira. We stayed in 2 deluxe rooms that were clean and comfortable with cute rainforest-like shower areas with rocks and green plants at the rate of $125/night. This rate included an airport pickup, breakfast and free afternoon cocktails. Some of the problems we faced that are detailed below would have been overlooked if we had not been paying such a high price. Hotel Environment: The hotel is a medium-sized resort. It doesn't feel small and intimate like a boutique hotel but it also avoids the sterility and corporate feel that one might feel at a larger resort. The grounds are pleasant with plenty of beautiful flowers and greenery. Service: While the service at the hotel generally is excellent, we had some issues with the service at the front desk. My traveling companion was taken to a room during check-in that was not fully cleaned and prepared for her arrival. There was some uncertainly as to whether the room was occupied. We eventually both settled into our accommodation and didn't experience any other issues with front desk staff until check-out. When we left the room, we left the key card in the door. When we were informed we had to return the key to the front desk, we went back to the room to search for the key and it had been taken. Rather than deactivating the key, the staff charged the equivalent of $10 USD to our account and refused to negotiate with us. While our experience of the hotel was average, this left us with an unpleasant impression. Service at the spa, the poolside bar and the Parasol restaurant however was stellar. Food/drinks: As mentioned above, free cocktails were included in our room package. The cocktails actually served were sickeningly sweet with poor quality alcohol. Best to avoid these headaches in a glass. Furthermore, the juices served at the hotel generally were all overly sweetened. Breakfast was fine. Eggs, omlettes and pancakes are made to order. Also a variety of delicious fresh fruits are provided. Cheese is provided too, but it is of the processed, individually wrapped slices variety. The lunches and dinners we had at the hotel were mediocre at best. Best to venture out to external restaurants for your meals. Clientele: The guests at the hotel were made up mainly of families and older people - a population the hotel seems well-equipped to serve. Location: Kuta is visually assaulting - developed in the worst ways with lots of fast food restaurants, KFC, Pizza Hut and other US chains and some real architectural eyesores. After traveling all the way from the US, and bringing friends along to bali, I was very sad and disappointed when we pulled into Kuta. Legian is a bit quieter, but still too close to Kuta and it's difficult to enjoy the beach as one is consistently approached and hassled by people trying to persuade beachgoers to purchase massages and manicures. We enjoyed our stay in Ubud much more. Perhaps our experience of the bali coast would have been different if we had stayed on another beach, further from Kuta. Value for money: Poor. I would pay no more than $60/night during high season at the bali mandira. The $120 we were charged was far too high.