My wife and I stayed here because it was only 15,000 Mariott points per night. Now I know why. I had read the previous reviews. . .but I thought "It's a Mariott, it can't be that bad." Actually, the facility is very nice. The lobby and restaurants are beautiful, the gym is excellent and the room was well appointed. But HELLO! IS ANYBODY AT MARIOTT HEADQUARTERS LISTENING? I am not the first person to complain about the following issues. (Scroll down) They apparently don't care. There is no Wifi in the room. There is a Eathernet Cable. But Internet is 250 pesos per day. That's about $21.00! Outrageous! I called Customer Service to complain about the price. They said someone would call me back. I never received a call. There were no wine glasses in our room the second day. I again called Customer Service. After 45 minutes I headed down to the Front Desk to talk to the Manager on Duty. The young lady at the front desk told me that the Manager on Duty was "In his room". She said he would be down in 5 minutes. The Manager on duty (Jaime Gonzalez) finally showed up after about 15 minutes. He said he would send wine glasses to my room, but that he would have to check with another Manager (Daniel Sanchez) to see if there was anything they could do about the price of the Internet. He said that i should return to my room and he would call me in 5 minutes. He called 10 minutes later and said that they could offer me 6 hours of Internet at 1/2 price. I explained that I needed 24-hour service and he finally agreed to 24 hours at 1/2 Wow. . .how rigid? HELLO MARIOTT. . .this Hotel needs to do something different with the Internet. Just one more comment. Yes, the Hot Tub is luke warm and its outside. I'm not the first one to say this. IS ANYONE LISTENING? They must just not care. And one recommendation: Ask for a room that is not on the East side of the building if you are staying on a Friday or Saturday night. There is a Club on that side that blairs "pounding" music until 5am. Thank you Trip Advisor, I will always listen from now on.