I stay at a lot of hotels- I'm platinum Marriott and gold Hilton. This is definitely one of those trying to be an upscale hotel, but failing miserably. There are a few people here that are interested in customer service, but the majority are not. Even if you ignored the attitudes of some and focused on the hotel itself there a problems and no one wants to address them. The first problem I had was my door didn't lock when the door was closed the majority of the time.....I would come back to the room, check the door and it was unlocked, especially after housekeeping service.. I called about it...they sent a guy up...who stuck a key card in the door and declared it fixed. Not so much!! In summary, after several calls and being told: to stick the card in the door several times until I hear it click....pull the door closed and place my card in the door several times until I hear a click, .and it's "normal" for the doors not to lock and they have the problem "all the time" I was finally moved to a room where the door actually locks. I had five people at my door before it was determined that the door was actually not working and they would need to move me because the guy sticking a screwdriver in the doorway wasn't really accomplishing anything. The voice mail service in this room is broken, and instead of fixing it, they turn the "message waiting" light on in my room when they have a message or want me to make a weekly payment. The last time, they wouldn't/couldn't turn the red flashing light off. They told me to call a number which I did and it still wouldn't turn off. I finally unplugged the phone and the next day they had to send someone up to turn the light off...not to fix the voice mail. Ridiculous! A few days ago the showers had no water when I called after a few hours to ask if they knew when there would be water again. I was told they would call when the water was available. They never called. Fortunately the water did become available hours later, and I knew to check it, not to rely on anyone here. Today I had 3 men come to my door and tell me they needed to check the electricity in the room and it would take one minute. They came in, turned off the t.v.turned off the internet access to my computer which I was using, moved all of the furniture around, took panels off the wall and began talking on their walkie talkies after a few minutes I asked how much longer they would be and they told me a few more minutes....NOT the one minute they had originally said at the door. I told them they had said one minute, it had been several, and I had things to do and they didn't really seem concerned. When I called to the front desk to speak to a manager I was told I didn't need to speak to a manager that maintenance was allowed in my room anytime. After further conversation and being placed on hold I was told the manager was in a "very important business meeting" and would call me in 30 minutes.....hours later guess who I never heard from!!!!! The fitness center is very nice, and they always have fresh towels on the equipment, but they don't clean the equipment, if someone leaves garbage in the cup holders, it's going to be there the next day and a few days later. The saunas and steam room have been unavailable for awhile, but that's due to a fire that was reportedly caused by a male guest that left the sauna on, so that is our of their control. I noticed that the most recent reviews of this hotel are poor and there is a reason for that...their customer service needs improvement.