We visit Florida annually and were delighted to find this hidden gem of a hotel. The norm standard of accommodation is average however this hotel is fantastic value for money, the rooms are great and the pool was one you want to chill out by - which isn't often the case at neighbouring hotels. We stayed for 9 nights, and then returned a few days later for a further 3 nights. Only concern at start was the lack of room safes - we did enquire and were advised as a new hotel safes were on order and if made us feel better to hide valuables around the room. Following a break for a few nights we returned to the hotel for 3 nights. Unfortunately on the 2nd day of our stay a item of jewellery went missing - it was a new purchase and had been in a box inside a suitcase in our bedroom. The box was left but the contents gone! Initially the query was dealt with by one member of staff who had been fantastic our whole stay. Unfortunately this wasn't the person able to deal with our issue and its at this stage the customer service provided was questionable. Our last day was spent at the hotel which wasn't our plan and had my requests been actioned in the morning when I asked then our day wouldn't have been wasted. No apology or acknowledgement for our wasted day was mentioned by the hotel - a bit of empathy would have been good. I was unable to file a police report until the hotel had followed basic procedures and these didn't happen till late on. I never expected to get any monies back for the missing item however I was disappointed and still am that the hotel didn't provide good customer service. Communication was minimal and had to do all the chasing. I'm reasonable and didn't want poor service over a couple of days to bring down our entire stay which until then had been fantastic. So I highlighted my concerns to the hotel via correspondence however they haven't been acknowledged and just confirms their poor level of customer service. Unfortunately I wont be staying in the hotel again as the situation could have been handled better - even acknowledging my concerns would have appeased me. Never once did I feel they went the extra mile with the whole situation. Its a horrible feeling to think that someone has been through your belongings and you should havent to go through that anywhere especially on holiday and it would be good for management to think what service they would expect if it happened to them. I would recommend this hotel but a word to the wise be very careful about the valuables you take & purchase as the hotel is yet to have room safes and through our experience the management made it very clear they take no responsibility when things do go missing!