First I want to say the staff was great, and did try to help out where they could. Our first room was called a Demi Joule, what a mistake. We are Starwood members so I asked for an upgrade which normally I do not have to ask, but they said they were fully booked and that's the room I booked so that's what you get, but said they would upgrade us the next day. Now I knew it was 212 sq ft but I did not know that half of the square feet was bathroom. It has a round bed, my husband is over six feet tall so has to sleep in the middle of the bed or his feet hang over the edge, He has a seven hour meeting scheduled the next morning so needs his sleep. I am sleeping to his right with my feet hanging over the end of the bed and cannot get out because there are drawers in the way so to get out I have crawl over the end of the bed. We go to sleep, at six in the morning construction starts below our room, with sewer gases, yelling construction workers and beeping trucks. There is nothing on their website informing you that there is construction going on at this hotel and nothing is mentioned when we checked in and the windows do not fit correctly and are impossible to close all the way. Our room is right over the construction site, I booked this room over a month ago and I thought being a starwood member meant something, I find a small note on the desk in the morning saying that construction starts at seven. My husband decides to iron his shirt before his meeting, once the ironing board is up I cannot get to the bathroom. And this is a $300 room. The room is tacky all it needs is a pole for pole dancing. My husband goes off to his meeting with lack of sleep. They move us around noon. Nicer room the size of a normal hotel room. The windows in this room do not close correctly either, but we are not over the construction site, so cannot wait for a good night sleep. WRONG! We are awaken by motorcycle races at one in the morning. I call down to the front desk and ask "Don't you have police in this State?" I am informed it is not against the law to have motorcycle races at this time of the morning. My husband has another long day of meetings with no sleep. When he gets back we both work on the windows and finally after he stands on the ledge of the window and puts all his weight on windows gets them to close all the way, I wonder how they expect a woman to do this. The bathrooms, who ever designed them should be shot, I know the dim light looks cool, but it would be nice to be able to shave or put makeup on in the morning. The mirror is on one side and the sink on the other side of the counter, so if you are a man trying to shave you have to keep walking from mirror to sink. I believe charging $15-$20 for a glass of wine that has been opened for over 24 hours (not gassed) and not offering to open you a new bottle is a rip off. This is a Charlie Palmer restaurant and he should know better. We will never stay here again.