First the good things about the hotel. The front desk service was excellent, I'm an SPG gold member and was upgraded from a demi joule room to a deluxe. A deluxe is pretty much the standard room at this hotel, nothing special in regards to size, but bigger than the demi. The dual head shower is great, but not tub like the joule suites. I went down to the front desk later asking if a suite was available for me to pay to upgrade to, but they were all taken. The front desk manager was sorry about this and we later found a handwritten note from her with a voucher for in room breakfast for my wife and I, a very nice plus for us because we were staying there for valentines day. The concierge was also able to get us dinner reservations at a very small but very popular sushi restaurant in the area, this was a big plus because I knew this restaurant wouldn't take reservations from me when I called them directly (parties of 6 or more only) and there was already a long wait when we arrived. Now the bad; This hotel is located downtown, so unless you want to park on the street overnight and wake up at 7am to feed quarters into the meters (tickets are given 7 days a week) you have to find a self pay/self park lot nearby or valet with the hotel. There weren't many parking lots I could see within reasonable walking distance, so I chose to valet with the hotel. BIG MISTAKE. The next morning when the valet pulled up our car I noteced he had rolled down the drivers side window all the way, which was strange because it was kind of chilly. When I got into my car I realized why, whoever parked the car for us the night before, sat in our car and smoked a cigarette, didn't even try to hide it as he just left the butt in the ashtray and ashes on the console. This is NOT cool, first of all we don't smoke so this was very obvious and second my wife has asthma and my 2 year old rides in my car all the time. AND to top it off, the guy also rifled through my glovebox, found a half box of chocolates from a movie dat we had the other night, ate them and then left the empty box on the floor. WTF? The chocolates were just regular old chocolates, but the fact that he went through our stuff, utterly and completely unprofessional. Needless to say I immediately went back in and let the front desk know what happened and so far everything looks like it's going to be taken care of by the hotel and the valet company. He comped us for the parking and put me in touch with the valet manager (evidently this hotel outsurces to an independent valet company). I've coordinated with the valet manager and my dealership to get the car in for a full detail and odor removal process, the valet company will be paying for all of it. I haven't gotten the car cleaned yet, but hopefully they hold up their end and actually pay for it. So while the hotel is great, I really would advise against valeting with them, which makes staying at this hotel pretty difficult since there's no nearby parking lots. And to top it all off, I checked my credit card statement today and found that they charged me for some minibar items that we supposedly took. This is complete c*&p because we declined a minibar key when we checked into the hotel and we definitely didn't take anything from it. I've called them and they're going to refund the charges, but it's supposed to take 7-10 business days. All in all, the hotel is great, the service we received directly from the hotel was definitely great, but the lack of trustworthy parking in the area and all the dramal with the valet and my bill really killed the experience. I wouldn't recommend staying here unless you're not going to have a car and you watch your credit card statements closely.