Upon arrival (8 pm) they said they were quite full and they didn't have any rooms with views of the water left. At this time, the staff was very polite and helpful. We were staying two nights and they said they would move us to a room with a water view the second night. Fine. They put us in a handicapped room (which was actually quite quiet and roomy). The next morning, I called the front desk to confirm our room move. They said to leave our luggage in one spot, they would move it while we were out sight seeing, and when we returned, we would be moved into our new room. We got back to the hotel at 4 pm. Our room was ready, but our luggage had not been delivered yet. We went downstairs to eat at Tia's (really nice) and when we returned about 5:30, our luggage was in our room......... That's when our 14 year old son realized he left his IPod Touch in the drawer of the first room. I immediately called the front desk to explain the situation and asked if we could go back to the other room to look for it. The front desk told me the room was already rented out. They assured me that the housekeeping staff checks the drawers and cabinets when they clean, so she would check with them to see if they found it. Guess what? Housekeeping didn't find any Ipod, and the front desk seemed too busy to really deal with our issue. It would have been nice at that point for her to suggest maybe security could go look in the drawer, which they can legally do. (Anyone with a 14 year old who no longer has his IPod would understand that to a 14 year old, it is a big deal.) I didn't get the impression that the staff at the hotel thought the same way. After dealing with the manager on duty, a couple of calls to the general manager upon our return home, and the security manager, the Marriot chain said there really isn't coverage for the Ipod. The facts are that it was in the drawer when we left the room, and after housekeeping cleaned it, it was no where to be found. What would you think? Like I said, be careful where you put your belongings. The rooms were clean (even though the toilet in the second room didn't flush properly and overflowed), the hotel is beautiful and in a perfect location to walk the Freedom Trail, is right on the subway line and the ferry line over to the Navy Yard. Parking at the hotel was $44 per night, but you can park at the Aquarium (short walk) for $35 per night. Even though there were positives about this hotel, I wouldn't stay there again because of the indifference of the front desk staff with our Ipod situation.