When I first entered the Boston Park Plaza Hotel and Tower, I was very excited to be staying here. The dcor was impressive and I had high hopes of an exceptional stay. It did not take long for that go downhill almost immediately. When I first got in line to check in, I was told there was another line  although there were no signs to indicate as such, nor any clear delineation on how to register with the registration desk being so long. Seems like a small irritant, so at the time I didnt think much of it. I registered and got my keys. I went up in the elevator and was excited to see my room; if the entrance was that plush, I was sure my room was going to be exceptional. Oh how I was so wrong. Oh how I was so disappointed. As I walked in, I was surprised at how small the room was. I thought to myself, for almost $300/night, I would have thought I would have had a lounge chair or a small couch  some room to do some business. As I walked in the room, I noted the wobbly sewing chair for a desk chair, an unremarkable desk (stained I might add) with a partially functional light, and a wall that had cracked paint, chips, and even a long hole around the perimeter. As I was on business travel, the first thing I did was plug in my computer and access my webmail. Surprisingly, this hotel charges extra for fast internet (such as that which would utilize VPN). Again, as I was on business and needed VPN, I signed up for the more costly connection. If it is faster than the other one, I suspect the other one is using a 19.2k dial-up modem. I ran a speed test on the internet connection and it was rated BELOW 56k in speed. It was not even equivalent to todays dial-up standards! Disgusted, I needed to use the wash room. Not even a light switch in the washroom; the light switch was on the outside. The dcor was circa 1950 and it was the smallest restroom I have been in in probably 20 years. Returning, I tried to call down to the front desk to see if there was something wrong with the internet connection  but my phone did NOT work. Of course. So on my way out to my convention, I let the front desk know that both my internet and phone was not operational. I was told it would be taken care of before I returned. Upon my return, I checked the phone  ahhha dial tone. But when I tried to use any of the quick programmed buttons (i.e., Concierge, Guest Services, etc.) they were non-operational, so I was forced to dial 0 and be connected. I then tried to access the internet and was again disappointed to see a ridiculously slow connectivity. I had better speed on the Airtran flight that I took out here. Wanting to unwind, I tried to order a movie. The service was not operational. I once again called down and was told it was out of order and would not be available until sometime tomorrow. The Boston Park Plaza Hotel and Towers has made my first visit to Boston a very disappointing and unpleasurable experience! I do not recommend staying here.