Let me start with the positives, which I think are very positive, but doesn't outweigh the negatives, which leads me to Not Recommending this hotel. My recommendation is to pick another hotel such as the Fairmont Copley, Four Seasons, Taj, Back Bay Hotel, Marriot Copley, or Westin Copley for comporable prices. Pros The Park Plaza is a fantastic location, situated in the Back Bay, very close to the Public Gardens and Boston Common, a short walk to Newbury Street shopping and Copley Square. It is not surprising that it is just steps from both the Four Seasons and Taj (formerly Ritz Carlton) hotels. In addition, the staff is very friendly and courteous. Cons I understand that rooms in downtown hotels are often small, however, these are postage stamp size. I could live with that if it was the only flaw. Also, the furniture is sparse and low quality. The bed was uncomfortable. The TV was an old style with low quality resolution (not a flat screen). The only chair in the room was a rickety desk chair, so no place to sit and watch the TV, unless you want to lie on the bed. Calling out the quality of the toilet paper may seem petty, but it is indicative of a hotel that just isn't keeping up with its competition. The Park Plaza has apparently found that one way to save money is to buy cheap toilet paper. I don't expect to always get the highest quality, but this stuff is the type that you would expect to find in a McDonalds off the highway. Finally, I had a very bad experience worth noting with my electronic key. When I checked in I was given a room number on the 6th floor (a good ways from the elevator). After walking to the room, I found that the key card wouldn't work, so I went all the way back to the lobby. The same guy who just checked me in (and was friendly) told me that he had mistakenly written the wrong room number (story sounds suspect, but I can't prove it). So, he gives me a new key with a room 3 doors from the original room. After 5 tries with the key card, I get in to find my previously noted postage stamp room. A couple of minutes later, I decided to walk down the hall near the elevators to get some ice. When I returned I tried to re-open my door and couldn't. (I expect that most readers would think that I am deficient with a key card, except that I actually had a maid cleaning another room come over and re-try the card for me and she couldn't get it done and said I needed to go back down to the lobby). So, I see the same guy again and he gives me 2 key cards to try. Thankfully, one of them worked and more importantly, that I didn't need to leave the room again, because I had no trust I would be able to get back in. Overall While the Park Plaza is nicely located and clean with friendly personnel, it is in a very competitive area with comparably priced hotels that beat it in every way. It does not seem that the management is even trying to put up a fight to be competitive. I highly doubt that they have many repeat customers. Once you have stayed there, you just want to try someplace else.