When I first heard we were staying at the Park Plaza where my husband was going to be at a conference and I was going for leisure, I was very excited. I've always heard the name and thought it would be the epitome of comfort and elegance. I was wrong. The Best Western I stayed at in a small town in California had more luxury than this supposedly 4 star hotel. When you walk in, the lobby is grand and it's right near Boston Commons and the subway station so you can't beat the location. However, the facade hides what's lurking in the hotel rooms. It's fine if you are just looking for a place to sleep for a few hours and then you are out of there. However, I'm one who likes to revel in the comfort and coziness of a hotel room after a long day or night out sightseeing and this didn't do it for me. First of all, the room keys are a joke. This is an older hotel built in 1927 so they added card keys instead of regular keys but every guest I talked to had problems getting their doors open. You could stand there for five minutes and the darned thing won't open. When we finally did get it open, the disappointment was palpable. The rooms are some of the smallest I've ever stayed in. Comparable to those little European hotel rooms. We had two bags and could barely fit them in the door. We looked for a closet - but there wasn't any! There was a tiny wardrobe that my husband and I had to try to fit our clothes for a week in. The bathroom was small and outdated, and I don't mean charmingly outdated. Just old. No storage for anything here either. There is a place in a small TV cabinet where a small refrigerator could go but there was no refrigerator in the room which is standard in most cheap motels, much less one that's supposed to be superior. If you are coming at all on business and you need wireless, don't come here. They only have phone lines for it and the line is so short that you have to sit at the desk. It would be nice if it would have at least stretched onto the bed. O.K. I struck out on the room so I thought I'd go out and explore. I called the concierge for a simple question but since they only have one concierge for hundreds of rooms, I waited 20 minutes before I hung up. I went down and there was a line to speak to her. There were other people working behind the desk but they weren't concierges so I guess they never thought of coming over and helping to get rid of the lines by at least answering simple questions. By the way, this wasn't a one time thing. Unless you go at 10 or 11pm, there's always people waiting. They are getting enough money for their rooms that they could at least half two people working there to help out. I tried to go on the TV and check their hotel channel to see what the local happenings were but guess what? The area video and information channel didn't work. I guess you've guessed that I won't be staying here again. To me it looked like a hotel on the brink of a changeover. I wouldn't be surprised to hear that another hotel company is taking over them soon.