First, to distinguish, when I checked in I asked if I could get Starwood points for my stay. The hotel said that only half was a Starwood property - so as you are reading reviews, check if the review distinguishes between the Towers (Starwood side - more expensive, and probably nicer), and the rest of the hotel. To be clear, the review below is for the non-Towers side. I stayed in a Single King Size room, approx. 300 sq. ft. based on the Expedia description. The review for this size room/hotel is as follows: Location: the hotel location is great - its right near the Public Gardens, Copley Square, Newbury Street, easily walkable to the Freedom Trail and Beacon Hill. A CVS is within walking distance up Boylston Street in case you fly and dont want to pack toiletries. I took Amtrak. The hotel is within easy walking distance from the Back Bay Station. Additionally, plenty of eateries nearby - chain, non-chain, fast food, etc. Lots of people out and activity in the area, so safe to walk around. Service: adequate. Staff ok, not overly friendly. Received wake-up call at the wrong time. Room: bed - comfortable. Space: fine - not overly large, but served its purpose. The rest of the room: thoroughly lacking - nail polish splatter on night stand, paint chips on the walls (one rather large chip), lampshade peeling, TV remote did not work, bobby pin, and other stuff on the floor. Bathroom: old but fine. Bottom line: I booked this room through Expedia and got a good rate for the room - I had called another hotel (4 Star) and their petite economy room was 155 sq. ft and $10 - $20 more for the days that I stayed in Boston. Other Back Bay hotels were much more expensive. Despite the favorable location, I would think very hard about staying here again - it would probably depend on area hotel rates. Out of curiosity, I did a search on Boston hotel rates in June, and the room I stayed in was showing up almost $100 more. At the $159 rate I paid, I was still disappointed (although, I realize everything else in the area was much more expensive). However, once you hit $200+, given the condition of the room, I think that would be too much, and I would go across the river and stay in Cambridge where hotels seemed less expensive. From Cambridge, you could easily take the T line into Boston, or several of the Trolley Tour companies pass through Cambridge.