My husband, children and I stayed one night at the Park Plaza last weekend (3/31/07-4/1/07). The reason for our stay was that one of my daughters was modelling in the American Girl Fashion Show and Tea, which was being held in the Park Plaza's Imperial ballroom. Even though we are from Boston, we thought it would be fun to stay overnight in town, especially since she had five shows over two days. I booked the room on-line via the hotel's website, which was straightforward and easy to use. The room rate seemed reasonable. The location is great and it's a beautiful, grand old hotel. The problems started at check-in. My husband attempted to check us in at check-in time (3:00pm) but the room wasn't ready. Not a huge deal, but mildly annoying. It was ready within the hour. The room, itself, was disappointing. It is outdated, the television was old and didn't work properly, the phone didn't work properly, and there was this old exercise bike next to the bed. Next, my husband and daughter took showers and the tub leaked, flooding the bathroom. My husband immediately called guest services, explained what happened, and was told that someone would be up to take care of it. This was about 5:30pm. He and my daughter and son left the room to go to our 6pm dinner reservation. My other daughter and I returned to the room from the fashion show, not knowing any of this, to find the flooded bathroom. We could not even use the toilet because of all the water. I noticed the message light flashing on the phone. The message was from an engineer who had been up to inspect the problem (pretty quick response considering only about a half hour had passed). He reported that the tub needs a new liner, but, for now, he had poked a hole in it to allow the water to escape. He also said that housekeeping would be up momentarily to clean up the bathroom. That was a little before 6pm. When we returned from dinner, after 8:30pm, the bathroom was as the engineer had left it -- a watery mess. I called guest services to complain. They sent housekeeping up -- it took about a half hour. And they never replenished the towels that had been used to mop up the floor. The took the wet towels and left us with the one that hadn't been used! My husband, irate at this point, called the front desk to complain. They passed him along from person to person. He was able to vent, but got no satisfaction -- no apology for the inconvenience, no offer to move to another room, nothing. So, for about $250.00 we got a room at the Park Plaza for about 18 hours, five of which included the flood bathroom. Not a great deal.