One word to describe the problem at the Park Plaza: Service. The service is so poor that it overshadows anything nice about this hotel. My husband and I booked a Junior Suite through Orbitz. Traveling from Chicago, our flight was delayed due to weather so I called early in the afternoon to advise the hotel we would be arriving close to midnight. The woman I spoke with said she would add a note to the reservation. We did arrive shortly before midnight, and upon walking up to the check-in desk were greeted cooly and told that there were no more rooms available. I asked if a copy of my confirmation would help find the room and was snapped at-after a few moments of silence and the woman checking in her computer, a Junior Suite was "found" for us. The room (636) smelled like smoke (it was a non-smoking room). I called down to the front desk and after about 10 rings I hung up and dialed the front desk again. Someone picked up and put me on hold. After 4 minutes, I hung up-because it was so late, we decided to just stay in the room. The heater made a little noise and we could hear the traffic (this didn't really bother us since we have radiator heat at home and have lived on Lake Shore Drive in Chicago so the traffic didn't bother us). There was a bathroom and a 1/2 a desk and couch. The room was average size, very tiny bathroom, outdated. I would say for what we paid ($200/night) it was not worth it. One night I pressed the wake up call button on the phone and it just rang, I hung up and dialed zero and did reach someone. I only used the concierge twice, the first time the woman at the desk was very nice. The second time, I was ignored so I just left. There is a big Starbuck's sign in the hotel so one morning I walked down for a Late to bring back to my room-it took about 15 minutes to get the Late. The valet and baggage handlers were very nice and our room was cleaned every day. My fault for not checking Trip Advisor before I booked (Fromers has this hotel recommended in their 2007 Boston book so that is why I chose it). If you have already booked at the hotel, it should be fine, but if you have not yet booked and you do have a choice, I would NOT recommend this hotel to any family or friends. Hope this helps.