I recently stayed at the Park Plaza for a conference. Because I'm apparently special, I was in a "Deluxe room". I put that word in quotes because besides having two (very VERY small) bathrooms in my room, it was just how I would have expected a room to be at any other hotel. I know the argument could be made that I was staying downtown in a sort of big city, but the room at the Sheraton across town which I stayed at over the 4th of July was the same size and not labelled deluxe. After seeing another room in the Park Plaza I was made well aware why my room was deluxe, there was just enough room to walk between the end of the bed and the TV and had one of the tiny bathrooms I mentioned. That should be labelled "Sub-Standard" I believe. The meeting rooms in this hotel were for the most part fine. Some were L shaped or smelled musty, but overall the conference facilities were sufficient for our needs. One complaint I do have though involves some of the staff. After having used a luggage cart, all by myself, several times to transport materials here and there, I went to get one only to be told by a rude bellman that "Guests are NOT allowed to take these, those are the rules." That's fine if that's the policy, but it's not really enforced but by this one man. This one person was apparently supervising the Luggage Room, as he would not bring the cart and come with me to empty a car of suitcases. Therefore, I needed to wander around the lobby until a bellman became available, only to have him go get the same cart, assist me in emptying the car and then leaving me alone with this obviously priceless cart in the lobby. Also, while I checked in seamlessly, with several people at the desk, at other, busier times in the weekend I observed that one person would be at the desk handling a line of 10-15 people trying to check in. Check out was when I experienced the thrill of waiting in line. There were 3 people working check out, plus 2 at the concierge and 1 at the "Airline Cashier." There of course was a line to check out but as I was at the front of the line the most amazing thing happened. As those three people finished helping whoever they were helping, they would, one by one, go into the back. So now, there are 2 people at the Concierge, 1 at the Airline Cashier (with no one in front of her, happily tapping on the keyboard) and 0 people to help me and the 5 people behind me. After a couple of minutes, one person returned to help us. It was very kind of them. So, there you go, that's the review. I don't think I'd stay at this hotel again unless it was for a conference and I didn't have to pay for it (like this time) but if you don't mind having a mediocre experience for a high price, then I'd say the Park Plaza is the place for you.