I am a loyal Hilton Honors member and I can say that this hotel is the worst one I have stayed in so far. I will breakdown the sequence of events and why you should think twice before choosing this hotel. LOCATION: Very poor. It is near nothing and close to nothing. The street outside the hotel is very busy and a cab must be taken everywhere. ROOM SERVICE: perhaps its just me, but does room service start early? 7:30 is a little early to be knocking on doors. I made sure to put my DND sign up the next day. HOTEL LAYOUT: The layout of this hotel makes it VERY noisy. If you have three people, the person sleeping on the sofa bed, will hear everytime a neighbor closes the doors, will smell the breakast food on the 2nd floor (we were on the 7th), will hear loud banging at all hours of the night. The layout is an interior corridor layout so it appears that noise is transferred very easily in this hotel since it is missing walls and insulaiton. ROOMS: Rooms were clean, and housekeeping prompt so no complaints there. However, for a "suite" you would expect a separate sink (other than bathroom) but there were none. Bathrooms had adequate counterspace. BREAKFAST: Buffet is not worth 19.95, but of course since you are in the middle of nowhere you have no other options INTERNET: 9.95/DAY CABS: Cab drivers frequent this hotel so that will not be a problem. Our issue was that cab drivers seemed very picky and would ask you where you are going and then would decide whether or not they wanted to take you. Make sure they turn on their meters as soon as you get in the car. OTHER: There was a loud banging through the walls of our hotel room. It started at 3 a.m. and continued until 7 a.m. The maintenance engineer was called and he could not determine the problem. Initially the thought was that the banging in the wall was coming from the pipes, but this was refuted by the engineer, so therefore we had to put up with the screeching noise in the wall all night as the hotel was sold out and there were no other rooms to switch to. The maintenance engineer did his due diligence and even offered us free breakfast coupons for our lack of sleep because of this issue. But it is very disappointing that the promised call from the hotel manager never came. Nor did he call and check up on our status as we were greatly inconvenient. I will be writing a little to the Hilton headquarters as well as to the GM of this hotel, this evening. Then there was a FIRE ALARM on Saturday evening/afternoon. Seriously??!!! When is the last time you have experienced a fire alarm in a hotel? This definitely gives you hints as to the type of guests you will be staying with as well as the caliber of this hotel. My recommendation: PAY THE EXTRA MONEY!! Stay on the other side of the bridge near Harvard Square or Central Station.