Although the hotel was located in a strategic location downtown of Boston and was "Hyatt", we were surprised by the quality of service. Namely: 1) Wet carpet on DAY 1 When we arrived on our first night, we realized that the carpet was wet. Having doing alot of walking earlier and being quite tired we just told the hotel reception via the phone that if they could do anything first the same night it would be fine otherwise, we're ok that they settle it the next day. To our suprise one of the room service attendant (a guy) told us not to walk there at all if we're not happy with the wetness! I simply cannot accept that since the region that was wet was next to where we put our baggage. 2) NO verbal pre-warning and obscured notices for the use of the fridge. Having bought some fruits from the Haymarket, we wanted to keep them fresh but the fridge that they have was fully occupied. Personally, of all the hotels we've been (even Hyatt in other countries) doesn't do it like the Hyatt we stayed here in Downtown Boston - we were not told that the fridge was not meant for storage and that there were an automatic inventory notification should we remove any items out from it. The notice that they pasted was obscured and hardly noticeable!!!! And worth to point out was really meant to mislead their customers into the same situation we faced - whereby we were then billed $99 for things we removed to make room for the fruits. Although they did a courtesy waiver for the billing, the experience was enough to classify it as an unacceptable experience. 3) Baggage handling @ Hotel's Concierge Last and worst service ever was the bell man of the Hotel who's name is Willie. Poorest of poorest of service. He purposely ignored my initial warning telling him that our bag cannot be lifted from the topside and later on rudely said that I didn't give any pre-warning. He didn't write my name correctly and as I mentioned to him the correct spelling "again", insisted that I didn't. We thought, he could be rather old therefore the grumpyness but to our surprise when we pass the Lobby again, saw him treating other hotel guest differently with smiles and all that. I hate to say it, but its almost feel like racial tension as he may have treated us that way because we are asians and the other guest aren't.