I booked a four day stay in this hotel for me and my wife, so that we could have a getaway in early summer 2006. To tell the truth, it was a bit disappointing. I arrived at 2.30 in the afternoon after a fairly gruelling three and a half hour train ride from New York to be told, before I had said anything else, that I was politely asked to go away until six o'clock in the evening because the hotel had some sort of difficulty with its accommodations. I quietly and politely explained that, given that I was paying a hefty sum for my room, I really hadn't expected to be told this, especially as I had just got off a hot, sweaty train after a long ride. This was politely ignored. The receptionist gave me a map of downtown Boston and told me to go away for three and a half hours. I agreed to do so but it was not without some (suppressed) infuriation. I don't know whether you've ever walked around downtown Boston before. I had, and knew that killing time for three and a half hours would not be easy. And all I really felt like doing was taking a shower and a rest. My wife was due to arrive at Logan airport at 6.30pm, and I had not wanted to do anything but lie down. However, that was not an option so I did indeed walk around the town for three and a half hours. This is no way for a hotel of any quality to behave. If they had a problem with their bookings, it was their job to get that right, not to penalise their customers. (My booking, by the way, had been in their system, for months.) The room they gave us was satisfactory, but for the money I paid, I thought it small. For much less money, I was given a much larger room at the Affinia Dumont, and that was in New York City. My wife and I ate on our first evening at the downstairs bar. The menu is limited and uninspiring. The hotel restaurant has a better menu, but we didn't want to try it. Frankly, the smallness of our room just made us want to get out of the hotel completely and go to restaurants in town. In other respects I would describe this hotel's facilities as adequate. If you're a business traveller and just need somewhere for one night, it's fine. But whoever you are: be warned. This is the kind of joint where, even if you've just arrived at a reasonable hour, they're quite capable of making you wait 3 and a half hours to get into your room. And I just don't think any hotel of quality has the right to do that. (It compares badly with the Marriott at Cambridge, by the way. I arrived there at 6am to check in and they checked me in immediately, without question.)