We checked into this hotel around 11pm on Friday of Memorial Day weekend. We are a family of 4 so we booked a room with 2 double beds. We knew that we would be checking in late so we called to make sure that we would still be able to get the room that we had booked. Durning this phone call they never bothered to take our names or look up our reservation, just said "no problem" to the late check-in. At the time we didn't think anything of this. When we arrrived they told us that a room with two beds was not available and would not be available for our entire three night stay. Mind you, I booked this room 4 months in advance. We were told that we would get a room with one king bed and a sofa. One of our children would have to sleep on the sofa (not a pull out) and the other would get a roll a way bed. When we explained that this was completeley unacceptable and asked what had happeded to our reservation for a room with two beds, they basically said, "sorry, nothing we can do". I was quite irate, because providing a bed for each of it's gets is a hotels most basic service and they were failing to do that. The next morining I phoned the "Perfect Stay Ambassador" and she was very sympathetic and told me that we would get a new room that day. I made arrangements with her to have our luggage moved to the new room while we were out sightseeing. Upon returning later in the day to our new room (with 2 beds) our luggage was not there. We had to phone several different departments to track down our luggage and it was temporarily lost. It took them a very long time to locate it and bring it to the room. There were other little complaints that I had about the hotel, that alone they would not have been a big deal, but after the disaster with the room assigment, the other problems just left me feeling more aggrevated. The sink in the bathroom was clogged, the thermostat in our rooom wasn't working and them maid never left enough towels for four peoople. We were constantly calling to get them brought up. Also, since it was a holiday weekend the hotel was booked to full capacity. There were several groups of college students staying at this hotel and they were quite noisy in the middle of the night. The atruim design of the hotel makes this very bad for noise. I will certainly never stay at this property again, and I will think twice before staying at another Hyatt.