We recently stayed at the Fairmount for a wedding held at the Boston Library. The hotel was indeed very well maintained and had beautiful characteristics. The staff was efficient and I received my room with a hitch. I was very much looking forward to staying at the Fairmont based on their stellar reputation and the proximatey to dining and shopping..it was certainly geographically desireable. Her is the negative aspects of staying at the Fairmont Copley. (1) the rooms were the size of a shoe box...it had to be the smallest $250 a night room I have ever stayed in my life. In fact, it was so small that they could not even squeeze in a dresser to put our clothes away. Yes, the only place to put clothes was in a very small 3 drawer night stand......we lived out of our suitcase for 3 days. The closet was not much better, and we had a hard time hanging clothes as the safe is proped up to almost half way un the closet. (2) Our room was not cleaned for 2 days...we slept in everyday and I guess the maid service decided since we did not leave the room till 1 o'clock..it was too late for them to come. (3) this may sound somewhat trite...but, there was no coffee maker in the hotel room. I have never been to a hotel in which they did not provide this very small but important convenience. I would assume they prefer you to order a $5 cup of coffee from room service than provide their customers this convenience. When we checked out and received our car from valet, nobody helped with our lugage, but, once they saw me load the bags into the car they immediately came over for a tip...that to me was unexcusable. The breakfast was very expensive and the service in the restaurant was extremely slow. Our waiter never came over to refresh our coffee and our $25 eggs took almost 40 minutes to be served. Like I said it was a beautiful hotel and was centrally located. We know that the Farmont is a fantastic chain of resort hotels and that is why we were extremely dissapointed. Unfortunately for them...this one experience will not drive me back to that location. I go to Boston quite frequently and next time I will certainly be staying at the Lennox.