The room we were given, and the service we got, were not up to my expectations. I stay at 4- and 5-star hotels about 10 nights of the year, and am a member of the Fairmont President's Club preferred guest program. Every interaction we had with a staff member was unimpressive, from the mumbling check-in person to the distracted check-out clerk. No doorman was on duty when we checked in, nobody offered to help with our bags, and the concierge was unable to answer basic questions about the immediate Copley area. The door to our Fairmont Room opened right onto the bed, with no vestibule or closet area to separate the room from the public hallway. The closet provided less than 12 inches of hanging space, and no trouser hangers at all. There were no drawers or shelves for clothing, anywhere in the room -- the whole armoire was taken up by the TV and minibar. There was no coffee in the room, although a notice in the minibar area said that we could have a pot and supplies delivered for an additional cost! The bathroom was minimal, with a shower over the tub surrounded by a fabric shower curtain (which, of course, blows in on you as you're trying to relax) and no robes. Toiletry amenities were basic but decent, and actually smelled pleasantly of citrus and herbs. But still, for a 4-star hotel, I expected a better setup. The TV in our room was malfunctioning, turning itself on at will. We tried to unplug it, but the armoire was too heavy to move. We turned down the volume, closed the doors, and threw the bedspread over the armoire to hide the light that was coming throught the door. The next morning, we asked the front desk to have it fixed. Maintenence left a note saying that the problem was resolved, but it wasn't -- we were awakened at 2am by the TV turning itself on at full volume! Needless to say, we weren't very happy the next morning. We left for our day out at about 8am, and left the "please make up room" sign on the door. When we returned, exhausted and ready for a shower, at 3:30pm, the room was still just as we left it. We called housekeeping, and the person who answered actually lectured us that we should KNOW that they have until 4pm to make up the room. (Are we psychic?) We asked them to send up towels so that we could shower; 30 minutes later, they hadn't arrived, so we called again. 20 minutes later, still no towels. I went out into the hall, found the abandoned maid's cart, and got them myself. The maid finally came to our door a few minutes later at 5pm, asking to make up the room. We told her that we'd like her to come back in an hour or so, after we left for dinner, and she sighed and stamped off. We took our shower, and came out to find a little "sorry you didn't want your room made up" notice slid under the door -- infuriating! When we called the front desk and explained what had happened, and asked them to please send someone up in 30 minutes to freshen the room, they gave us all kinds of flack, and finally agreed to only change the sheets and towels. The location on Compley Square is fabulous, and the bed was comfortable -- but those are just about the only things I can think of to recommend this hotel. I'd rather spend less and stay at the Marriott across the street; at least then I'd expect minimal service.