Getting to this hotel from O'Hare by public transport is very easy but may not be ideal if you have a lot of luggage or a few kids. Hop on the blue line, switch at Jackson to the red line, get off at Grand and the hotel is at the top of the stairs, cost $2!! The journey takes about an hour. The red line also takes you to Wicked, get off at Randolph and Washington. We always found a queue at reception, the staff continuously stopped dealing with customers to answer the phone, maybe a telephonist would solve the Q problem. The room was a little gloomy but clean, the air con was one of those huge old boxes and was very very loud, nothing subtle about it at all. The traffic noise was considerable but in a downtown hotel that is to be expected. However this faded into insignifcance when compared with the constant mysterious droaning noise, the sort of noise that hurts your whole body and not just your ears. We hoped it would go but it didn't, we tracked it down to pipes lurking behind a door on the opposite side of the corridor, I asked for a different room. The hotel was fully booked and it would be midnight before the staff knew of cancellations, the receptionist promised to call before she went off duty to let us know if we could move, she didn't call, she promised to get us earplugs, they didn't arrive, she promised to leave a message for the next shift, someone was to call us at 7.30am, she didn't appear to leave the message and they didn't call. Finally after explaing the whole story again the following morning we were moved, a lower room, worse traffic noise but that was ok.............until the dripping started. I awoke in the early hours to hear water dripping onto the ceiling above the bed, it was very annoying, I left a note and a generous tip for housekeeping and asked that they report this problem. I returned from my day out to find it had not been resolved, the guy on reception said he would deal with it immediatley, I returned after Wicked went to bed and woke in the early hours with drip drip drip....So 3 sleepless nights in the Hilton Garden Inn. On the plus side, breakfast in the Weber Grill was good, very attentive staff and eggs, pancakes and omlettes made to order. Cosmopolitans at the bar were great. Out and about, exit front door and turn right, walk along a few blocks and you will come across a good Irish Bar, Fado. On this same street you will find a Rain Forest Cafe, a Hard Rock Cafe and the anniversary McDonalds, the poshest Mickey D's you will ever see and the only one I have ever been in where the food in real life is as good as the photographs. You will also find a stop for the Hop On Hop Off tour which was very good value but it's the luck of the draw when it comes to guides. We had Baron "the sexiest tour guide on the planet even if he did say so himself" he was interesting and funny, the next guy wasn't so hot. Good stops are the Navy Pier, a little quiet during our visit, the art museum which had more Monets than you could shake a stick at, the aquarium, fab penguins and of course Sears Tower, well organised and no real queues. We saw Wicked which was good but not great, Elphaba has a tremendous voice but lacked a bit of stage presence, Glinda saved the show. I should add that we watched Mary Poppins on Broadway the previous week, it was totally fabulous and perhaps this jaded our view of Wicked just a little bit. As noted in the prvious reviews, the Mag Mile and Nordstroms are a few steps away. Chicago is a beautiful city, for folk in Ireland, Aer Lingus do direct flights from Dublin, pop over for a few days, you won't regret it. Would I stay here again? Yes, if they could guarantee a good nights sleep. The location is superb and its good value for money