This hotel always receives glowing reviews so either I experienced a rare bad day at the hotel or they are beginning to cut cornors on who they hire. Usually when I read trip advisor I ignore the highest and the lowest ranking because the lowest is usually some crank who will never be happy and the highest is someone who never complains even when they should. I am usually the easy going guy who gives places the benefit of the doubt and ranks them a little higher than most because I have more tolerance than most. I am also the easy going guy who is liked by the doormen and the porters and the waiters because I treat them with genuine respect, tip them more than most others, and don't act like I am any better than they are because I know I am not. I was just luckier in life than they were. So maybe it was just a statistical fluke. Usually one strike and your a little down in the count, three strikes and your out, but eight strikes is a little bit much. The room was beautiful, the hotel building is beautiful. I called ahead for my car and cleary said 327, they repeated and said 327, I confirmed and then went down 20 minutes later and they had brought car 307 and the valet clearly had trouble with the english language. This resulted in my being late for a meeting and throwing the schedule off for the whole day. If this were the Ramada Inn I would take it in stride but I was paying over $300 a day for a suite and not using coupons. At dinner my chair was bumped from behind 4 times by the busboy who never apolagized even though when I looked my chair was in the central aisle and there was 6 to 8 feet of room behind it. We happened to be at the cornor of 2 aisles and he was cutting the cornor way too close. Once is understandable. 4 times is absurd. Especially when there is that much room behind you. My wife and I finally picked up the table and moved it inward so it was out of line with the other tables so I couldn't be bumped again. During a 25 minute period 3 sets of plates were dropped with a crash that was so loud it made your ear hurts. After the 3rd time everyone was sitting waiting for the fourth. Every business has its bad days and even the best have a 1 in a thousand horrible day by sheer bad luck. Perhaps that is what happened. If there are no more reviews like this I will say it is bad luck. If more reviews like this begin to appear I'd say they are beginning to cut cornors in their hiring practices in order to save money. For over $300 a day you don't expect cornors to be cut and you don't give second chances. I will go elsewhere in the future.