I am usually one to agree with the masses and typically agree with fellow raters on TripAdvisor...but I can't agree on this one. I will preface this by saying it is possible that it is just due to the holiday weekend and the hotel being booked full, but we will not give it another chance to see. Arrival: Doorman literally just looked at us coming in with our luggage (we had to walk from down the street due to the parade). There was no offer to try and get the door or to even help us with the luggage. I thought that was a litte strange, but okay, whatever. Check-in: Perky girl at the front starts checking me in and then says "oh, no...what do I do?" Sorry, can't help you there! The young man next to her tells her our room is not ready and we can preregister. My husband and I were not upset at all that the room was not ready because we were there several hours before check-in. However, this young man looks at us and tells us "we can't just kick them out you know!" NOW I'm getting a little nervous that this is going to be the hotel from....but, we laughed and said that we understood and they said they will call us when the room is ready. We left, ate, walked the entire Mag Mile, sat at the Vet Memorial..la di dah...no calls...finally, at check-in time I ask a less perky girl if the room might be ready. She says "no". I mean, nothing else so I said well do you have an estimate? She said no, its hard to tell. I could go on, but lets just say that we finally were helped by an older gentlemen who was WONDERFUL. He called housekeeping got our room ready and we were in only an HOUR after check-in time. Room: Next time I won't ask about the room and maybe they will actually clean it. There was a mess left from the previous guest(s). Wrappers, plastic tags and lots of hair in the bathroom. UGH. To think we paid $309 for a Med Suite and actually had to inspect the sheets to see if they were cleaned. The couch had 'stains' (I won't go there) and the floor had lots of little puddle stains. I know they are pet friendly, but this seemed a little much. The shower was extremely small and you had to do some strange maneuvering with the bathroom door to get to it and the toilet. However, we did enjoy their bathroom amenities and their cute minibar offerings. Nice view of the Chicago River, State Street and Wabash. Restaurant: South Water Kitchen was actually pretty good. We ate twice in the restaurant and once as room service. It was pretty basic fare but it was all very good. Location: we liked where the Hotel Monaco is located. It was an easy walk to the Mag Mile, theater district, pretty much anywhere we wanted to go. The only thing I would suggest is if you are going to Chicago strictly to shop then the location may be out of the way. I can't imagine having a lot of shopping bags and not being able to drop them off occasionally. If shopping is your passion I would suggest staying on Michigan Ave somewhere such as the Intercontinental. In summary, I did not hate the Hotel Monaco. I think their front desk personnel needs training in basic customer service skills and their housekeepers (at least the ones on the third floor) could use some retraining. However, it was a whimsical hotel with cute touches and does offer a complimentary wine reception in the evening.