I was initially excited when I booked a room at The Palmer House on Priceline for a romantic getaway to Chicago, this this was very short lived. Upon arrival we were greeted by a Valet, who spoke very broken English. He asked if we needed assistance with our luggage to which we answered yes, he proceeded to give us our ticket and said we were all set. We then stepped in to a very impressive lobby (which is all that was impressive in this hotel) and waited in a long line to check in. The front desk clerk acknowledged that we booked through Priceline and assigned us a room, whcih was to have a been a room to accommodate 2 adults. We then entered a very TINY room that consisted of about 120 sq feet and a single bed. We promptly realized that this would not be acceptable accommodations for two people, as guaranteed by priceline, and returned to the front desk. At the desk we were informed that there are no guarantees when booking through Priceline, that we pay less than their other guests, therefore the rooms are assigned to the full paying guests and Priceline customers get the remaining rooms. After some argument we were able to be assigned another room. This room was slightly larger in size and included a "Queen bed" a little room to walk around it and a very small bathroom. There was construction outside of our room. The room had peeling wallpaper in multiple areas and was very dated with an old tube television and dated bathroom fixtures. It did not meet my expectation when I think of a "4-Star" hotel. The hotel did provide a 15x25 foot pool to accommodate it's over 1,000 rooms. It had a fee to use it's fitness room, a fee to use it's wired internet (as there was no Wi-Fi available)and we were not able to use the concierge due to an extensive line, therefore we chose to fend for ourselves rather than spend hours in line. Our luggage never did make it to our room, we had to contact valet and were escorted through the parking garage to retrieve our luggage ourselves. I would not recommend staying at this hotel to anyone and would not return to it. The time we spent outside of the room was very enjoyable and Rock Of Ages was great! I would recommend checking out Rock of Ages while in Chicago! :)