General Manager Palmer House Hotel Delivered via email (commentsph@hilton.com) October 22, 2011 Dear Sir or Madam: I stayed in room XXX at the hotel recently, and I was very disappointed with aspects of the room and of the service. As a Hilton customer for many years, and a former Diamond HHonors member, Ive had the opportunity to stay in many Hilton properties. The problems I noted make me wonder if you ever visit or use the average rooms in your hotel (you should, if you dont). I also wonder why these things are not reported to maintenance by the housekeeping staff. Is there no QA or QC function that randomly tests all aspects of a room (there should be, if theres not)? Closet The closet door will not stay open, so while I was standing in the closet working with my clothes, it kept hitting me in my back. The string on the closet light is way too long and right in your face and shoulders when trying to get your clothes. A hotel of this type should have a wall switch, at least, or more appropriately a switch built into the jamb so that the light comes on when the door is opened. At the very least, the light string should not be placed so as to hit people in the face when they try to use the closet. Bathroom Again, the door wont stay in the closed position without being latched. The room is so small that the door cant be left in the fully open position when showering. So, you have no choice but to latch it, which causes an excessive amount of moisture in the room, due to no active ventilation, as evidenced by peeling paint on the ceiling. Due, I suppose to the passive vent being in the shower, the curtain wants to suck in to the shower, giving a person no room to shower. To avoid that, one must rest it on the tub lip, and then the floor floods. The placement of the soap holders on the side wall of the shower is in the almost exact position someone has to stand in to use the shower, which makes the shower extremely narrow in that critical spot. The lack of thought that goes into things like this never ceases to amaze me. Put those things on the front or back wall (or just nearer the front or back of the sidewall), and the problem is solved. Given the curtain sucking in and the soap holder placement, its a very narrow shower, indeed! The lighting globes were installed crookedly, and the GFI outlet was amazingly crooked. Dont you or your staff have any pride in how your rooms look? Service The TV listing in your Guest Directory is inaccurate  the channels do not match up with the TV. Do you know how frustrating it is to try and watch TV after a long day of travel and work, and you have no idea what channel is what. Its very frustrating to try to find the channels and to remember where they are. I pointed the problem out to the front desk clerk (Vera, I think, on 10-18), and she seemed surprised. It would not be a surprise if there was a QA function. Who is charged with keeping that book up to date? What else was wrong it in (e.g., safety information)? I asked the front desk for an updated listing that morning before I left for work, and I didnt get it  nor did I get an explanation of why I didnt get it  very sorry service. I assume my book was not the only one outdated, so all of your customers are suffering. When I attempted to use the Zip-Out checkout on the phone, I only heard a few clicks and then another dial tone. There was nothing in the instructions on the phone or on the receipt to indicate thats the way it worked. As it seemed to be malfunctioning, I waited in a long line at the front desk to checkout - again, a very frustrating encounter that could have been easily avoided by disclosing simple information. Someone (everyone?) at the hotel needs to approach the hotel through the customers eyes. I dont want to be frustrated while in my hotel. If I stay at the Palmer House again, how will you ensure these things dont recur? The receipt says to send feedback to commentsph@hilton.com, but if that is supposed to be a web link, it doesnt work. I hope it works as an email address. Sincerely,