I have stayed at the Palmer House several times in the past and like it's location. I was in Chicago for 5 days for a medical meeting. My wife accompanied me as she enjoys Chicago. I made my reservations through my medical organization as this was one of the 'meeting' hotels. I was one of the latter ones to decide to go and the PH was the only one of the groups hotels that still had rooms available. The Good: the location within the 'loop' is excellent. It is easy to get everywhere downtown. There is a nearby 'L' train station with multiple lines just outside the exit. The lobby is large, multistory and speaks of an age now gone. (Although close observation shows some fraying around the edges. ) The staff (maids, bellmen and doormen) seemed truly friendly and attentive. I will say that the climate control in the room was good and allowed you to select a specific temperature. The Bad: Even though, I was early, there was a cue at the check-in desk. Check-in was not fast or efficient even though I had a confirmed reservation. Because of some function in the lobby, my spouse was unable to find a spot to sit while waiting for me. The room on the 17th floor had the king-sized bed that I had requested but the room itself was old, tired and small. The closet door was stuck, had an old key lock that made me think at first it was a door to the room next door. The room had not been updated to modern ammenities, there was no coffee maker, refrigerator or minibar. The TV, which was an old tube type, was in a large armoire which took up precious space. The bathroom was small and was the worst. The fixtures looked like rejects from Motel 6. The toilet seat was the cheapest looking plastic model I have ever seen. The towel rack over the tub, was flimsy and pulling out of the wall. The tub itself did not drain adequately even with the shower head on low-flow. Before you were done with your shower, you were standing in 2 inches of water. The final insult for me was the $14/day charge for internet access. Wireless was only available in the lobby (for the $) or a wired connection in the room. My 'convention' rate was in the high $200s and the rooms would have cost >$300 if obtained through another source. In 2011, I cannot understand this. The Grand old hotel cannot stand on it's laurels any more. PH get with the program and move into the 21st century. Next trip to Chicago, I will stay someplace else.