Start with the positives: The lobby is stunning. The location can't be beat (especially for my visit). Every member of staff I interacted with was friendly (though a note on this below). Outweighed, unfortunately, by the bad. The room was worn to a shocking degree. Peeling wallpaper, insects in the bathroom, a very worn and stained carpet, stained floor in the bathroom and cracking grout, peeling paint and a door nob about to fall out in the bathroom. I found the bed linens to be scratchy--something I've never run into in a Hilton--though some of that could be psychosomatic. The room felt dirty, not helped by two long dark hairs left on the fresh towels. I got to be serenaded by the couple in the room next to me when it was time to sleep; the walls were paper thin. As I said, folks were friendly. I was a bit surprised that they had two people working the line for check in. One trying (awkwardly) to make conversation, the other with cold water (a very nice touch on a hot day). Had they trained one of these people to help with check-ins, though, we wouldn't have had as long a wait. As it was, the check-in process was slower than it needed to be, even after I got to the counter. I chose the hotel based in large part on the positive reviews here on Tripadvisor, and on the location. I had been here for a conference a few years back and been unimpressed by the meeting rooms, but figured I'd give it another chance based on the generally good reviews here. I suspect that had I gotten one of the renovated rooms (I was on the 21st floor), I would have had a much better experience. I've lived in NYC and Tokyo, small doesn't bother me. I guess I could have requested being moved, but I was exhausted and had no way of knowing if this was actually the standard of the hotel. I guess the take-away is that Chicago has a lot of very nice hotels, and hotels that cost less and provide a nicer stay. For me, at least, I doubt I'll give the Palmer House another chance, Honors points be damned. Happy to come and have a drink in their beautiful lobby, but otherwise I'll pick one of the other nearby hotels that provide a much better value. If you do decide to go here, make sure when you are making your reservation that you have a renovated room.