I was recently in Chi. for 2 weeks to attend some Gov't training. The Hilton-Palmer House is a very historic building, originally built in 1871 and rebuilt after the Chicago fire of the same year in 1875. There were additions in the 1920s. So, while the hotel lobby is extremely palatial (reminded me of the main room in Grand Central Sta.), the hotel room I had left LOTS to be desired. As a Hilton Honors member, I called a few days before arriving to ensure that a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker were part of the room amenities. I was assured that they were. Unfortunately, upon arriving in my room, nothing I was promised was there. The Hotel said that they would provide these amenities; however, there would be a daily charge for them. After arguing with the desk clerk that a Hilton hotel ought to have such items, the hotel DID finally comp. me for these amenities, however, there was not a lot of space in my hotel room for them. The king bed and side desk took up almost the entire space. And, the bathroom, as others have complained, had no shelf, other than what little space was on the counter where the modern bowl sink was. For anyone with lots of toiletries, you were out of luck for shelf space. The clothes closet reminded me of my parents 1900s built house with small 3X5 closets, again VERY small space. And the room thermometer apparently worked when it wanted to. When I arrived, the room temperature was 72 degrees and the thermostat set to 65 degrees. In order for room temperature to be reduced, I had to open the window, wide, so that the room temperature was more closely related to the thermostat setting. I had latter set the thermostat to 60 degrees to reduce the heat in the room. It didnt work. Heck of a way to heat/cool the room. The only chair in the room was a desk chair. Spending two weeks in this hotel, it would have been much more comfortable to have some sort of upholstered chair with an ottoman. Course; there was no space for a chair like that in this room either. My Govt laptop has so much security on it, it would not work in my hotel room. However, if I had wanted to use a computer in my room, the charge would have been $15/day. This really highlights this hotel, they charged for EVERYTHING. If I was spending my own money, I would have stayed at some other hotel, this is an embarrassment for the Hilton chain of hotels. Staying in this hotel for two weeks was a hardship and not comfortable.