The best way to experience the Palmer House is after visiting Grant Park or the Art Institute walk the block and a half and enjoy a drink in the stunning, beautifully restored lobby. It's a wonderful experience in a grand institution of Chicago. When you're finished with your drink, leave. Nothing good comes after that. As older hotels are prone to do, the Palmer House has small rooms. How small? I've literally stayed in hotels that have larger closets than the rooms in the Palmer House. But small rooms aren't always bad. As a solo business traveler, I really don't need a suite. But the layout and functionality of my queen bed room (King wouldn't fit) was poor. The ancient CRT TV took up about 20% of the available room space. I've seen larger bathrooms on cruise ships. I could honestly have brushed my teeth while sitting on the toilet. And to reach the toilet paper requires a Cirque du Solel contortion act. But what has me rating the Palmer House as 2 stars is the fact that the room was loud (the walls are paper thin) and was apparently cleaned in the dark. After two cleanings there was still rubbish from the previous guest on the floor. Hair that obviously didn't belong to me was in the bathtub, and a hand towel soiled with make-up from a previous guest remained in the room even after I set it on the floor to be replaced. I mentioned this to the front desk and they sent someone up to "re-clean" the room. While someone did come-up, they still didn't do things like replace the previous guest's hand towel, etc. The wallpaper was torn on the wall and the desk was obviously damaged (missing pieces). I asked four times to have the ethernet cable replaced in my room because the clip was broken so every time I moved my computer I lost internet connection, and they never replaced it. All completely unacceptable. As a Hilton Diamond member I received free internet (which I couldn't use because of the cable) and access to the Executive Lounge. The Concierge in the lounge was probably the grumpiest person I've ever encountered. I asked her about recommending a supper venue for myself and three other colleagues and she barked at me, providing no valuable assistance. The lounge itself is good to grab a cup of coffee (none in the rooms), but unless you like mini croissants the "breakfast" is worthless. No upgrade was offered (as per the terms of the Hilton HHonors program), despite the hotel selling higher class rooms on their website for the exact length of stay I was there. I filed a complaint with Hilton regarding the condition of my room at the Palmer House and an Assistance Housekeeping Supervisor called to apologize and offered a free room for a future stay. While I'd normally appreciate the gesture I will never stay at the Palmer House again. The rooms are tiny, dirty, and loud. The staff, for the most part, treats guests like inconveniences. Even a free room at the Palmer House is a lousy value. Avoid it.