Just completed a 4 night stay at this hotel (stayed here last year for 1 night). Grand Lobby- the hotel is very proud of its heritage (a tv channel dedicated to it). the lobby is grand- from a past era. the rooms were recently renovated, but they're really tacky (peacocks on the carpets, green silky/satin cheap pillows, lime green velvet chairs, etc). The rooms are the size of closets. To the point where they feel unsafe because the hallway door opens directly next to your bed. needless to say, even at 12AM when I tried to sleep, i could hear everything in the hallway and surrounding rooms. its like there is no privacy what so ever. I can get over the small rooms since its an old hotel, but the service is seriously awful and amateur. 1). To use hotel wireless (at $14.95 per day- even for HH Diamond members such as me) you have to get this UFO device from the Front Desk. I inquired, they gave me the device, I had to fill out a waiver, then the desk agent went on a 7 minute search for the instructions. Finally, i told her to stop looking and just had them keep it. seriously, a 12 minute ordeal to pay them $14.95 per day. And, they never offered this at C/I. 2). At checkout, i was charged 8 times for the $14.95 internet. Was charged $85 for the restaurant- which was not my charge- and when I brought it up to the FD, they said it couldn't be fixed until Tuesday- that is, if they decided that I wasn't the one who spent the $85. Why don't they read the folios before they put them under your door- internet charge twice a day for four days?! 3). On day 3, the housekeeper came to my room at 8:30AM, opened the door while i was asleep...i asked her to come back later....left for the day, returned at 6pm, and room hadn't been cleaned. 4). I had access to the exec lounge- it was pitiful. dirty tables, dirty dishes everywhere. only used it one time in 4 days and that was just for coffee and an apple. the food offerings were gross (the turkey on a deli plate was green). So, overall, don't go here. it's just a hassle. there are so many better hotels in this city. i'm a hilton diamond member and won't be back.