Both my spouse and I are Hilton Golds, and have stayed at many Hiltons, but we were disappointed with our experience here. We stayed in May for a friend's wedding, but the service was abysmal, and they took the phrase "nickel and dimed" to the extreme. We wanted to check in before 1 pm - a $25 charge. We asked for a room upgrade - another $25 charge, EVEN IF you are a Hilton Platinum or Gold VIP. No coffee maker in the room. Would you like one? $12. Forgot your toothbrush? $5. When I pointed out that every Hilton we have stayed at in the past 2 years has offered these things with no charge, they informed me that "our policy changed." The ambience: It is an old hotel, and while the historic aspect is nice, what this means is that the rooms are quite small, and there is a potentially a LONG, maze like walk from the elevators to your room. The executive lounge, which you CAN access with your room key if you are a Hilton VIP (even if you are not on the concierge level) was okay. Free coffee, tea, soft drinks. Continental breakfast (pastries, cereal, yogurt, fruit) is served in the morning. They do have happy hour finger foods from 6 pm. Not the most elaborate spread, but not the worst either. As I mentioned, the service was the worst part of the hotel. I was told when they had checked out that the hotel has 1600+ rooms. Yes, that is 1600+ rooms. No wonder NO ONE EVER ANSWERS the phone. Each time I called to the front desk, I was on the line for literally 2 minutes, with no answer. Once, when someone finally answered, I had been transferred to the Hilton by O'hare Airport!!!!?! WTF??!?! Not only that, but when we checked out, they had charged us $7 for making an outside phone call. The only problem was, we both had cell phones and never used the phone to make an outside phone call! It appears that they actually had the nerve to charge me for the call to the front desk that was somehow misdirected to the O'hare Hilton! And, you shouldn't be surprised that I had to argue with the front desk staff to have the charge removed! By the way, my friend had booked a large suite, complete with dining room table, etc. and got no service either, so it obviously makes no difference whether you pay a lot of money - they still seem as if they couldn't care less! We love Hilton, and remain loyal Gold VIPS, but the Palmer House is definitely one to avoid.