This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. The lobby is immaculate and the French inspired decor was certainly not lost on you. However...Upon check in, you're a little turned off the by the confusion. Apparently you're supposed to wait in line at the bell desk only to be told that you should be heading upstairs with your own luggage. They finally point you to the elevators down a long hallway where when you step into the fabulous lobby and being the process of callousing your hands as you struggle with your luggage on the carpet. You walk into a gorgeously decorated room that has this amazing lavender kind of smell that not too soapy or too flowery. Your smile starts to fade when you wonder why they would put a fainting couch so close to the door. And why would they make up a fainting couch like it's a bed. But it can't be your bed because well, it's small. You figure that maybe this is the precursor to the room and when you try to look for the rest of the room you realize that the wall stops. There's a window, but when you look out, you see the fire escape in extremely close proximity and beyond the black metal stairs is a brick wall. You start to giggle uncontrollably (and check your makeup)because you're waiting for Allen Funt and the Candid Camera crew to come out of the tiny bathroom. After standing immobile with a picture perfect grin, you decide to call downstairs because you'd die of suffocation in a room so small. The staff mention that they know that the rooms are small - it being a historic hotel and all, and they agree to put you in a larger room that is not facing a brick wall. When you arrive in your new room, it is larger (not much), but not as nicely decorated. But it is nice and has that same great smell and you're very appreciative. You go to take a gander at your view and it's not exactly facing a brick wall - it's facing a wall of windows where you can see into other rooms and vice versa. Great. After unpacking, you go to set up your laptop and see that there is no wireless available in the room. Bummer. You then try to connect using the Ethernet cable provided, and learn that they want you to pay $13-$ 18/day for Internet access. You get it free most places, but even when you have to pay, it's about half this price. A little later you're tired, and instead of heading out for food you consider getting some overpriced room service. That's when you notice that they charge a $5 delivery fee to bring you a $10 bowl of soup. You can't help but wonder if this joint hard up for money or what? I mean you know they're going through renovations, but according to your key packet, the renovations were scheduled to end in 2007. Your stay ends (as planned), and you continue the second part of your trip at another Hilton in a Chicago suburb where you write this review from your large room with free wireless Internet. There's no lavender smell, but you revel in the fact that they'll bring you a $5.00 bowl of soup for free and you wish that one day these two Hilton's would meet. Or maybe it's just me.