Let me start off by saying this hotel is absolutely beautiful. The ceiling in the lobby in incredible and the interior overall is superb. I would definitely come back to this hotel after the renovations are complete. If it weren't for the contruction noise, I would have given this hotel 4 stars easy. My experience staying in the hotel is a different story. When we arrived, we were told the elevators were not working in the main entrance. So my husband and I had to drag our luggage up the stairs to the lobby. It was only two flights of stairs and we can handle it but we wondered how an elderly or handicapped person would get to their room. There were bellman but there were also 20 or so people waiting for their services. The check in process was fine and finding our room was easy so no problems there. Once we got in the room, we realized the walls were paper thin. I suggested getting another room because of our noisy neighbors but we decided to stick it out. Little did we know what we would wake up to the next morning. EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK. That's the sound of hotel renovations. It's high pitched and loud. Enough to make any dog want to howl. We tried to drown it out with the fan in the room to no avail. Then the drilling started. This was 7am. We just decided to get up because obviously, the noise would not be ending anytime soon. This went on every morning we were there. We were out of the room during the days so we are not sure how long this went on. On a positive note, the rooms were very clean, updated and housekeeping always kept the room stocked with fresh coffee and towels. I didn't have to ask for anything. The concierge was very helpful when we needed directions and many times suggested alternatives in order to save time. Overall, housekeeping, concierge, doormen, and the reservation desk offered great service. We had a studio room and other reviewers have suggested they are closet sized rooms. Well, sign me up for that closet! The studios are much larger than people are suggesting. I would put them at about 15'x18'. Not huge but not tiny either. I never felt cramped. We had a king instead of two doubles so maybe they are referring to a studio with two doubles. There is plenty of room for 1-2 people in a studio. If you have kids, I would suggest a larger room though. A good restaurant I would suggest is Miller's Pub. It's near the hotel on Wabash between Monroe and Adams. We wanted a bite to eat late at night and when other places were closed, they were still serving at 11pm on a Tuesday. It's Zagat rated too! The sidewalk is being worked on (another cause of noise in the room) so the restaurants on Wabash aren't getting as much business. Try the fish and chips. You won't regret it.