I recently stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for a short business trip. I had fond memories of this hotel, but I had been warned about its downhill slide in recent years and the renovation currently underway. Both turned out to be accurate. As for location, you can't beat it. Right in the heart of the Loop, within easy walking distance of nearly everything in the downtown area. In its day, The Palmer House was the go-to place with a great supper club, Trader Vics restaurant and an arcade of shops on the lower level. Sadly, all are long gone. The lower level is completely closed off, and there's no word what will be going in down there, if anything. The standard-issue overpriced hotel restaurant is off the lobby, taking up a lot of space and making the once spacious lobby seem very cramped and crowded. There is no escalator on the street level, so you need to haul your bags up a pair of staircases, then cross nearly across the lobby to the front desk, which is very busy (even the desk for Hilton Honors members was jammed). This appears to be a hotel that makes its money on meetings, mini-conventions and groups. To my pleasant surprise, elevators ran well and you never had to wait long. I stayed in one of the older rooms and it was a huge disappointment. Smaller than some hotel rooms in Europe, with a postage stamp bathroom and a shower only (which means a hole in the wall, with ceramic tile and a flimsy shower curtain -- not unlike a dormitory). I am told some rooms are bigger; I hope so. For a one-night stay such as mine, this is OK, but I would get claustrophobic if I had to stay longer and there is no workspace to speak of, so good luck trying to get any work done. The "business center", if you can call it that, is actually the UPS office, with three terminals that charge for internet access (one of my pet peeves -- how can this be free at Embassy Suites and Hamptons but not in the rest of the Hilton family?). Even if you don't mind paying, forget about privacy or peace and quiet while you work. People are constantly in and out shipping packages and talking loudly. Hilton is pouring some serious money into this hotel, but it may be too little too late. Deferred maintenance is everywhere, from faded carpeting to peeling paint in the hallways and rooms. Half of the older rooms should be eliminated and combined into suites. For the money, there are far too many other acceptable alternatives for me to return to the Palmer House. Too bad, It was once great.