My family and I stay at the Palmer House every year for a conference. Last year was great. Not to say that this year wasn't, because it was. This year just had a few bumps that will not matter in a year. The Palmer House is doing some major remodeling. They do not really have a hotel restaurant, which is a problem if you don't want to spend $25 on a children's cheeseburger and a Coke. No joke. For the conference in the past we would have to stand inside of the side doors of the hotel and wait for the busses to come. This year, those doors and that floor are being renovated so you have to go out the front of the hotel and around the side and stand in the extreme weather of Chicago. It was freezing cold and there was no shelter at all. The day we checked out we had to stand there for 40 minutes in blowing snow and freezing temperatures. The bellman took our bags and dropped them next to the street where we had to stand. He held his hand out though... they don't miss that. Which brings me to my next point. Upon checking in we encountered a bellman who we had to get from talking to the group of other bellmen so that he could get a cart, which was behind his stand. He grabbed our bags and slung them like he used to work for the airlines or something and then wheeled them iside the doors (about 10-15 feet) and said... "Ok, this is as far as I go with your bags". He repeated this to me about 5 times before I realized he was asking for a tip. Each time he said it... he was less and less friendly. That was irritating since he really didn't do much and was so relentless about the tip when we clearing had just forgotten to give it to him... which we ended up doing once I realized what he was saying. The high speed internet (which you have to pay for) was anything but high speed. It was like having dial up. Really bad. Also, to use the pool or workout facility... you have to pay. I think that's realy bad. Almost unheard of as well. The rooms were fantastic. We were on the 25th floor and had adjoining rooms to the rest of the family. Housekeeping was great and the executive level was awesome. The showers in the room were so wonderful that I honestly looked forward to my showers and could stay in there long enough that I turned into a prune. They were GREAT! We are actually going to buy the same shower head for our bathroom. The beds were like sleeping on clouds. No kidding. They were amazing and cozy. The concierge on the executive level named Alegra was GREAT! I can't say enough about her. She was extremely helpful and very very nice. We also had a fantastic experience with a gentleman named D.T. who works at the hotel in reservations. He went far above the call of duty to ensure us that we would have the rooms we needed. Without him... the experience may not have been as glowing! He was great! Overall, the hotel was perfectly fine. The only issues were the bellmen, internet, pool and the outside doors. Honestly... if that's all there is to complain about... that's pretty good.