Reader alert - I typically stay on a club/concierge level when I travel, and my review is clearly influenced by comparisons with other club/concierge levels. We booked a Club Level Junior Suite three months prior to our stay. Upon our arrival, there were at least three large conventions happening at the hotel at the same time. As a result, it took one hour and twenty minutes to get to the front of the check-in line. When I did, I was told that they did not have that level of room available due to on-going renovations, and they did not apologize for not alerting me to this situation ahead of time. They "found" me a club level king room (not optimal for three adults, but it was all they had, and they brought us a roll away), supposedly with the same package. However, they neglected to tell me that we would have to take an elevator from our room on the 27th floor of the South tower down to the 2nd floor, then walk to the elevator bank for the Central tower, then take that elevator up to their 27th floor for club lounge access. An extreme hassle and time waster, especially due to the fact that the hotel was so full. Parenthetically, the club lounge was undoubtedly the worst I've ever experienced. The food was not only mundane, but in quite limited supply. In fact, on our first breakfast day I saw the hostess turn at least two groups away, saying there was no room/food, and suggested they go to the hotel's casual restaurant instead (this is exactly what people who pay for concierge floor do not want to do.) On our second breakfast experience, they apologized that the kitchen had not sent up any hot food that morning as promised. Oh well, that was not surprising as they had run out of cookies the evening before (after we had made the Herculean effort to get there specifically for an evening cookie.) There were no apologies for that - just, "when we run out, we're out." Another problem - we were supposed to have "free" wi-fi in our package. We had to agree to a charge before the wi-fi would hook up, which I figured wouldn't be a problem to rectify. Wrong. First, the wi-fi was sup-optimal, and did not allow access for six straight hours on our second day, despite 4 (yes, 4) separate phone calls to their "help" (poor choice of words) line. All I can say is their "senior engineer" would not last long in our company. When I called to the front desk to have the charges removed anyway (and told them about my problem) the person asked for my computer problem "reference" number so she could confirm that we really had a problem. O.K. Needless to say, when the bill was slipped under our door on our last day, the charges were all still on it. (They did delete it when I went down in person and spoke to them.) And our room? It clearly needed renovation, so I'm glad they're in the midst of that. I hope they replace the chipped sink and leaky faucet, as well as the toddler-sized toilet (it reminded me of those one finds in a kindergarten class.) Also, when we arrived, our room had no bathrobes (it was supposed to) and when I called, none materialized for 45 minutes. I called again (again requesting 3 robes), and got one robe about 10 minutes later. I gave the maid a couple of dollars and asked her to get two more, as well as another set of towels, and she did take care of it. But, about 20 minute later a different maid arrived - with one robe. It was quite comical. The only reason I give this place a poor instead of a terrible is that the bed was quite comfortable, and I"m trying to be charitable.