My experience was very mixed, but I will never go back because of the bad service I got from a manager and accounting person when I had billing trouble, not to mention the billing trouble to start with. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THE MANAGEMENT LEVEL. In a nutshell, here's what happened: 1. My stay was pre-paid by a third party. 2. The hotel had no record of the pre-pay so put a large hold on my personal credit card. 3. When I later obtained and showed the hotel a receipt for the pre-pay, it took many conversations with a manager and the accounting department to figure it out. 4. The hold wasn't released on my card until my bank intervened, despite the fact that someone else's card was charged 2 weeks earlier. 5. NO ONE AT THE SHERATON EVER APOLOGIZED FOR THE TROUBLE!!! My stay was for a meeting with an organization who paid for my stay. They pre-paid the stay with a credit card. When I checked in, the hotel had no record of the pre-pay, so I assumed someone had forgotten to take care of it. I had to give my own card, on which the hotel placed a $450 hold. Then I found out the company HAD indeed pre-paid. When I showed a receipt to a manager, he said he needed someone on the company end to confirm with a form, which he would email. While the email recipient waited for the email before going to a meeting, the manager took about half an hour to send it, and when he did, it required information she did not have, despite his assurance to me that she simply had to respond "OK," essentially. The next morning, the travel agency who made the reservation talked to someone at the hotel and took care of it before my check out. Except that the hotel kept the $450 hold on my card! I had to have my bank spend half an hour on the phone with various people at the Sheraton to get that taken care of! And no one, not once, ever apologized for the trouble this had caused to me and the entity sponsoring my stay. Even the kind woman at my bank commented on the attitude everyone she spoke with at the Sheraton seemed to have -- it seemed they didn't really care, she said. That being said, rooms were fine, dining options good, gym great, other service was mostly good. Location is not great, as you have to walk several blocks to get to an area of stores and restaurants.