Having never stayed here before, I can't comment on any changes since the hotel became a Sheraton property. The fact that the water in one of the 3 flower vases on the registration desk was in desperate need of changing shouldn't depend on ownership, however. During check-in, one staff person (thankfully not the one who was checking me in!) was both eating & talking w/her mouth full to another guest-ugh! Rooms, at least on the 7th floor of the South Tower, are incredibly small as are the bathrooms. The room is so small the side table for the arm chair is actually behind the chair!! No fitted bottom sheet on the bed, no pillow top or even mattress pad, either. First room I was assigned had a malfunctioning A/C unit; hotel sent 3 staff to work on it &, after I requested it, changed to me another room. I didn't have time for them to spend hours tearing the room apart, though I appreciated the effort. 1 of the sliding doors to the closet of the new room was off the track & literally leaning against the wall (eventually that was, somewhat, rectified). No luggage stand-multiple requests for one, plus additional hangers, & foam pillows until nearly 4 hrs later. The single long blonde hair hanging off the shade of the desk lamp was a nice touch that was still there when I left nearly a week later. As I said previously, the bathroom is very small &, I think, laid out very awkwardly. They clearly spent a small fortune on covering every surface in the room & bathroom w/granite, including bedside table, corner shelf for the tv (large flat panel) as well as the bathroom floor), but couldn't spare a few dollars for a curved shower curtain in the bathroom to give guests a tiny bit more elbow room. The 'don't steal me' hair dryer is actually behind the toilet which makes it difficult to use given the short cord on it. At least they refrained from 'don't' steal me hangers' in the closet. Carpet in the room is in desperate need of cleaning (even before my can of Pepsi exploded all over the closet door, walls, & ceiling). A red 'status' light behind the tv started blinking in both my room & my colleague's room next door Monday night & since the tv's sit on a shelf in the corner, we ended up w/a flashing red light clear up to the ceiling. By that point, we were both so fed up w/the hotel, we simply threw towels over the flashing light for the duration of our stay. The public areas of the hotel are, overall, quite run down, dingy, & in desperate need of, if not a complete make-over, at least a deep & thorough cleaning. My traveling companions, who have (unfortunately for them!) stayed @ this hotel before, said the service in the Pearl Cafe has improved quite a bit since the change-over, however, the food itself hasn't. We only ate breakfast there, so I can't comment on the rest of their menu. The Westin City Center is connected to the Sheraton by a enclosed skywalk which has a number of food court style restaurants as well as the Westin's restaurant where we ate 3 nights (the crab encrusted tilapia is wonderful!). All in all, this hotel has a long way to go to become a real Sheraton.