Ok, so we stay bi-annually at in Daytona to relax and get away from our crazy work hours. And, we've stayed at this Hilton before and really loved it... but this time.... First off we got there and had to wait almost an hour, so a good 45 minute wait to check in. There was no method for this as there were like 4 areas that led up to the huge check in desk and people just kept popping in from different sides. Aggravating to say the least. Sometimes clerks would just stand next to someone else while everyone was backed up waiting waiting. Sometimes they would call someone at the head of a rogue, newly formed line, argggh. Finally we were told by the desk clerk our room wasn't ready? Hey, check in is at 4:00, we got there after calling with a confirmed reservation at a little before 5 and at 6 something, no room at the inn? No mention of sorry, comping this or that, just give me your cell # and we'll call you when it's ready, sit out in the lobby? No thank you, said to the clerk, umm, let me see your manager. Was then given a room pretty quickly but not the room we had originally reserved altho both were ocean front. Small room. No balcony on any of these we have had or could see btw, just sliding glass doors and a lean over, you get the picture. Hubby works in housing biz, bad caulking, low low pressure on shower at all hours, shower head height for very short people, carpet in room semi-dirty, rip in bedspread? C'mon, we are paying for a premium room here, guys! Will say some staff very nice, spa ladies who gave us massages, room service lady, valet guys, etc. However, what is up with housekeeping? Left at 11 one day, back around almost 3, cart had advanced a few rooms down hall and our room still not done (no, no sign of do not disturb on room door). Nice lady though and we vacated while she cleaned and we went to read downstairs. Here's another thing we were told by someone there as we waited on something else downstairs at one point in our trip ~ there's a staff cafeteria downstairs and at around 11 ish all the housekeepers jam the cafeteria and the rooms sometimes don't get done even during peak times when rooms are in demand. Ok.... We were told this by a person from a downstairs dept, and they were telling us this freely and unsolicited, that they got minimum wage and that they did get one free meal from the hotel, one of their few perks. They complained about housekeeping being so slow. Their words, not ours. Day of check out we called down front and to the bell captain a total of 6 times letting it ring 30 times each time at least. No answer. Finally we shlepped all our luggage downstairs, no cart, no help, and saw an almost empty front desk and staff just talking with each other up front? We went out and were scolded a bit, although a nice person again, but we asked why we didn't call the number on our 19 dollar a night valet parking ticket? It wasn't explained though that way to us, it was just a 4 digit number on our ticket. I had tried to ring the bell captain and front desk repeatedly I explained. So even though this guy WAS working, surprisingly at this hotel, we were put off a bit as he kept harping on how come we didn't call. By this time, we had fumes coming out of our ears. BTW, there was some kind of church camp group there who roamed freely at all hours. The pool (probably not this group) had a couple pretty openly copulating on the steps of the pool one afternoon (they thought they were unnoticed though and glared at anyone trying to use the steps to actually go swim in the pool). Anywho, the church group banged on our connecting door at one point in the afternoon and tried the door, and then howled outside downstairs by the clock tower way after 11 or more that night. Did I mention fun yet? No goodbyes really as the desk staff never acknowledged us on our way out and after charging us quite a pretty penny for quite a few nights. Just the scolding over our expensively housed car and us leaving and not looking back really. So a true good bye wasn't necessary until now. Goodbye, Hilton Ocean Walk Daytona Beach!