I am a Hiliton Diamond guest and stayed at this hotel in August 2011. During my stay in August I experienced several service issues. My closet door kept falling off the track. I requested it be fixed and left several notes on the door that it was not working. After 4 times of requesting it be fixed I finally left a firm note expressing my displeasure and again requested it be fixed. They still did not get it fixed. I finally had to go to the front desk and escalate this to a manager to get it fixed. Then there was the problems with valet delays in getting my car. Then one day of my stay I had a live Palmetto Bug in the room . I killed the bug myself and purposefully left the carcass to see if the housekeeper would remove it. It was never touched. Finally I took a picture of it and emailed it to the general manager, with copies to the assistant manager and front desk manager. Again I expressed my displeasure. I had no response from anyone. On check out I again requested to speak with the manager and expressed my displeasure of the lack of service at the Hilton. I got through to the Front Desk Director who expressed apologies for the stay. As a good faith gesture since I was a Diamond guest and to assure my return business he offered a complimentary return stay. I took the manager up on this offer and the return visit was no better. There were more service issues. On check in the desk clerk advised that the valet parking was covered by the manager as well as the room charges. She asked if I planned to charge anything to the room. I told her "No" and she said OK and did not request a credit card. Well two days into my stay I requested my car from the valet and was informed that they could not give me my car. I asked them why and was loudly told for "non payment of my bill". This was in the presence of other guests. I then went to the front desk and was told that they would not release my car to me until I paid my valet bill and placed a credit card on the account for charges. I told the clerk on check in they advised valet parking was being covered by the manager and that a credit card was not needed. Again, the clerk told me they would not release my car until I paid the valet bill. I asked to speak with the manager and after a period of time the manager that originally approved my stay came out from the back. I advised that it was his desk clerk that said parking was part of the complimentary stay. He said sorry, I was hoping this would not come to this. He never requested a credit card and finally had my car brought to me. Why was my car held hostage for non payment or a credit card when the manager never requested on either? While walking in the hall I noticed clean towels and bed sheets placed on the dirty stained carpet. My question is would the manager like to sleep on linen that had been on a dirty floor or use towels from the floor? Probably not. One day our room was not cleaned. Service in the restaurant for breakfast was poor on three days. Servers were noted complaining about their jobs and how overworked they were rather than serving customers Television reception is not very good in the hotel. Old TV's with limited channels and fuzzy pictures. No blankets on the beds. The only consistently good thing going for this hotel is the location on the beach. I was hoping my return experience would have been better, since the manager assured the issues on the first stay were not normal for this hotel. Well the return visit had many negatives as well as a major health violation.