The first impression upon arriving at this hotel was where is the bell captain or head valet because the parking situation was chaotic. After 45 minutes I realized the problem was due to Daffy Duck being in charge of the parking operations. I know this hotel is near Disney but having cartoon character running the hotel is not good for business. This hotel since it is across the street from the convention center has elected to make parking a profit center. Hence parking at this hotel is not free. But worse than that is that the parking lot if full then requires that if you want your car near to the hotel to park in the valet parking for $17.00 a night. Over thanksgiving I stayed at a Comfort Inn in Brooklyn, whereat there was no charge for parking, but there is a charge for parking at the luxury hotel in Daytona Beach. This however was not the worse event. After being told that I had to pay for parking I was also told that I could not leave the bags (no bell captain)but would need to trudge across the street after parking. Upon going outside after checking in I was informed by a memeber of the valet staff that the parking lot was full and that I would have to pay for Valet parking. I proceeded to the parking lot only to find from the attendant that indeed the parking lot was full but that the valet parking service at the north tower could validate my ticket for regular parking.(Shouldn't the registration clerk have informed me of this?) I then proceeded to the North Tower where due to the fact that Daffy and Donald and children were running the show and I waited inline for 30 minute to give the car to a valet. So from check in to the time I actually took the bags out of the car 45 minutes. As to the room the layout was fine but no better or worse than a Comfort Inn. I did find that the two dead roaches in the bathroom, the cracked lap shade and the apparent caramel smudged on the room door were less than what should be expected at any hotel. Also I used a cup to brew tea the first evening. I guess this was a problem since the next day I found only one cup remaining in the room. Also with regard to check out I found on the bill that I was charged for both valet and self parking. (I guess I brought two cars) As to the hotel facilities I enjoyed the Legends bar. For breakfast since I thought $3.00 for toast was ridiculous I walked down the street to the Starlite Diner where you can have an excellent breakfast for less than $10.00. I utilized the exercise room which was superior to most that I have encountered at a hotel. However having the machines face the east presents a problem for early risers who have to stare into the sun. Also the TV in the exercise room is located catty corner to the rear which makes it difficult to watch. Unfortunately I believe this hotel caters to the convention crowd and the rest of its guests are treated as second cousins. I believe Conrad Hilton would not be pleased with the hotel and it current operation. The hotel should concentrate on making its profit from its accommodations and not trying to nickel and dime its guest. There should be no charge for the internet(try going wireless)nor for regular parking and a guest should be guaranteed a parking place. Also, as a Hilton rewards member my information should be readily accessible a the front desk. I should not be the person who has to have that information on my person.