I bought two Groupons to this hotel, one for four nights and one for three nights, so we stayed for one week total (me, my husband, 10-month old and 6-year old). I read some of the reviews and they were fairly positive so I was surprised at how disappointed I was. First, the hotel is old and it looks and smells moldy; they are renovating so maybe they will take care of the smell. The receptionists at check-in were unpleasant at best. They did not make eye contact and acted like we were a nuisance. We were not told about any features of the hotel - the pool, the restaurant, the bar, amenities, etc. Our room was okay. It had a kitchenette, which was nice, but the fridge leaked so whatever you put in there got filled with water within hours. The freezer was so full of ice it could not be used. There was a microwave, sink and shelving. The room was a decent size and looked fairly clean but the bathroom had mold on the walls and the tile in the shower was literally crumbling. The water coming out of the shower was hot and came out fast - a big plus, but we did not have a tub stopper so we had a heck of a time giving our baby a bath. On a least two occasions, housekeeping did not leave us fresh towels or coffee and when we called the front desk to ask for some they told us they only had one working dryer and we would have to wait until the towels were washed. The patio was small but it faced the ocean which was nice. What wasn't nice were the other tenants that were smoking all around us which made sitting on the patio (and by the pool) unpleasant. The hotel is within walking distance of the boardwalk and ocean shops. The pool was clean but the shallow, three-foot area for kids was very small which made it difficult for my six-year-old to play. There was a one-foot baby pool that was filled with stagnant water - gross. The restaurant on site, Atlantic Jacks, was terrible. We had Groupons to use so we decided to have dinner there the first night. We were the only people there (which should have clued us in that this was not a good place to eat). We ordered and never got our food. We waited 20 minutes, I asked the server where our food was and she laughed. My daughter got bored and crawled under the table and announced that there was gum under the table. We got up and left. We decided to use our Groupons at the bar instead - they didn't have wine and the bartender didn't have what he needed to make most of the drinks they advertised on their sign. He got irritated when I asked him to put cherries in my daughter's Shirley Temple. The bar is connected to the restaurant so if you eat in the restaurant, be prepared to smell smoke. We found out on our sixth day there that they had a breakfast buffet. We spent $30 for, basically, a continental breakfast - cold bacon, cold sausage, toast, danishes covered in fruit flies from the bar, fruit, hard biscuits and hard, cold waffles. The elevators, stairs and parking are a MAJOR safety concern and I will be writing a letter to their corporate office about my observations. The stairwells run on the outside of the hotel and the doors leading to the stairs and to the rooms are unlocked so anyone with ill intentions can hide there. As a woman, I didn't feel safe using the stairs. Plus, they reeked of urine. Secondly, the elevators are very dangerous. The doors close very quickly and the safety feature that lets you wave a hand in front of the door to keep it from closing was not working so my family and I almost had arms and legs crushed by the door, literally. With two kids, bikes, a stroller, a beach tent, etc., it took a minute to get off the elevator and one time the door closed on my arm as I was holding my daughter's hand. She was still in the elevator and I had to put my body in the door of the elevator and push it open. My daughter was screaming and I was completely panicked. The same thing happened to my husband. The other safety concern I had was that we had to park across the street in the overflow lot. I did not feel safe walking there by myself. My husband had to make numerous trips there and he was often stopped by homeless people asking for money. And, it was across the street from Lollipops Gentlemen's Club. Not something I want my six-year-old to see. On our last night there, someone set fire to the dumpster that was right below our room. It could have easily caught the hotel on fire. No one was alerted, the smoke alarms did not go off but the next day, the entire dumpster and surrounding wooden shed it was encased in was burnt to a crisp. Other observations - The pool did not have a bar and the bar did not open until 5; no one was monitoring the pool so there were a few times where unruly kids were carrying on and being obnoxious; we got hassled by some guy as we were entering the building one night (not sure if he was staying there or if he was homeless); dogs are allowed so you may be kept awake by barking; elevators are slow (there are only two); the beach in front of the hotel was great - clean and quiet; the air conditioner fan ran all night which was great for us; the beds and pillows are very firm. We will not be staying at this hotel again or recommending it to others.