Let me first start my review by saying this is a Daytona Beach hotel. The majority of business/tourism for the city is either drunk Spring Break students or drunk NASCAR fans. So the bar isnt really high in quality furnishings and upkeep of rooms. Every time I'm in Daytona it's for work and I'm always booked at a beach front hotel. They all seem to be pretty on par with each other as far as their accomodations and "amenities" go. Which are pretty gross in general. I stayed the night here on Fenruary 22nd 2012 kinda of gearing up for Spring Break and an event at the raceway. Our group was checked in by one person and our keys were distributed to everyone. Right off the bat... NONE of the keys worked. Not one key for 29 rooms. One person in our group tried their key a few times in his assigned room door and a woman from inside "his room" yells, "You obviously have the wrong room a**hole!" Another member of our group had to be let into "her room" by a staff member from the front desk. Problem was there was already another gentleman in the room... Naked. The front desk apologized for the rooms that were occupied and actually told us that they were unable to know which rooms were already assigned to other guests. (REALLY!) So multiple people and multiple trips up and down the slowwwwww elevators later keys were working and people were in rooms. Employees were in the hallways but were not very friendly or helpful and actually yelled at us for having our luggage in the hall. This was while we were waiting for new keys. Later that night after returning from work I came off the elevator onto my floor and was immediately hit with the smell of marajuana. When I got into my room it smelled as if someone had been smoking it IN my room. It was unbearable. I opened my balcony door (which faced the beach and was beautiful!) to air out and to left. When I came back a couple hours later the smell had weakened but was still there. I called the front desk who said they were sending security up since it was a non smoking floor but it continued multiple though out the night and made for a restless sleep. The wrap it up and review... The hotel is like most of the other hotels along the beach. Mediocre rooms. Sure there is a bed and toilet and shower. But, for example, the door kicks were rusted and the balcony had bugs. So don't expect luxury. It's right on the beach and close to lots of bars and restuaunts which makes it a great location. Where this hotel falls flat is in their seemingly incompetent staff and poor poor customer service. If that's not important then you should be fine here. Just don't expect any help or solutions should you run into any issues.