I stayed at the plaza ocean club for 6 nights last month. Having read many of the reviews online, I still went with the plaza because the price was right. Travelers, you do get what you pay for. First, the good: 1. The front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating. They offered to move us up to a seaside view for 10$ more a night, however that switch would not have been able to occur until the second night. We were going to, but once we had unloaded luggage and things we decided it was too much trouble. They called a taxi for our early morning departure as well. 2.The showers are very potent. 3.Walter at the lounge was way cool, and knew his way around. Gave great tips on places to hang out and eat. 4.Pool was clean. 5. Perfect location. we did not have a rental car, and did not need one, as there were plenty of restaurants and a walgreens near by as well. 6. Beds were comfortable, and did not appear to be coated with any sort of man/woman fluids. And the A/C was nice and loud/cool. The bad: 1. Housekeeping. WTF is going on with the housekeeping. Banging on the door at 8AM twice and just yelling HOUSEKEEPING HOUSEKEEPING. I seriously had to get out of bed to tell them to go away, because they didnt get the hint. heres an idea. Look at your census. OH these people are here for a week. We don't HAVE to clean these particular rooms at 8 in the morning. They can wait. At least they obeyed the do not disturb sign the rest of the trip. Really, its mostly about the housekeeping. One day, They didnt leave any toilet paper. Another, They didnt leave towels. Another, the rooms were clean, but the top blankets were left balled up on the floor. Over the last 10 years I have stayed at many different hotels on the gulf and atlantic side, and this one had the absolute worst housekeeping I've ever seen, and hotel management should be embarrassed. 2. Understaffed front desk. Only two computers, sometimes only one person available to help customers. Lines were a bit outrageous. 3. Our room had a partial roof view, and there was a diaper on the roof. 4. Bathroom was scuzzy. There was a black mold/substance on the shower curtain. So i thought about it. 20 rooms per floor. 2 dollars probably per inner curtain. 40 dollars x 11 floors, replace those nasty curtains (I've seen others complain on tripadvisor) and that's one thing to help your appearance. 5. And just a general sense of "patchwork". Lots of patches on ceiling, wall, crudely covered yet obvious. 6. And while very minor, as there was only a couple hours a day that we were chilling in the room... CRT television? in 2K11? For real? Having stayed at the plaza resort next door a couple years ago, and being that both are a part of the same company, I figured I would get slightly older accommodations due to the cheaper price, but the same very high level of service and cleanliness as their sister company. As you can see, this was not the case. In a nutshell, vacationers. If you are staying in Daytona, there are better values for your money. If you are fine with the housekeeping annoyances I've described, And find with quaint things like antique televisions and ceilings/walls that have "character", then book here. Otherwise, follow what other TripAdvisor posters have stated, and find a different hotel to stay at. The Good things I posted, are things that pretty much anyplace can get right. And the bad things should be an aberration relative to this hotel and other users experiences here, and not the norm.