I have stayed at El Cortez before, with no problems whatsoever - and gave them a favorable review at the time; BUT my stay last week will be my last. First, the good things: the room was clean again; the staff were courteous; the bellstaff and valets were particularly helpful when my shuttle back to the airport failed to show up, having booked me for "a.m." instead of "p.m." pick up. The bad things: There was not enough water pressure in the shower to wash shampoo out of my hair - all week, despite having reported it on Monday. The icemaker was out for the last 3 days of my stay - despite the malfunction being reported promptly and temperatures each day being over 100 degrees; I had to go to the casino bar to request ice. Most of the electrical outlets in the room were shorted out, and I required one for a CPAP machine nightly. The WORST thing, and the reason why I will not return: I do not drive, so my passport is my primary (and only government-issued) form of identification. Although I was registered with no incident on my prior stay, this time I had to deal with 3 people before the hotel would honor my reservation because the hotel has a policy of NOT ACCEPTING A U.S. PASSPORT OR MILITARY ID for identification purposes. But, my hotel slot club player's card was accepted to permit me to register!! Something's wrong with this picture. There are people staying here from countries all around the world - who, obviously, do NOT have U.S. state-issued photo identification - and their passports are accepted but a U.S. Passport or MILITARY ID is NOT!!!! Additionally, we're being told to "green up" our way of living, but we have to have a driver's license to stay at this hotel! I don't think so. In my opinion, El Cortez's policy of refusing to accept a U.S. Passport of Military ID is unpatriotic, un-American, biased, discriminatory, and just plain assinine! I'll spend my money at locations where the American Military and our Country are respected more than a company slot card of foreign passport.