The Fremont Hotel and Casino is what it is. An inexpensive stay in downtown Las Vegas. You definitely get what you pay for. We kind of got "stuck" here because we were attending a conference downtown at The Golden Nugget. Unfortunately our boss waited until the last minute to tell us we were going and the Nugget was full. Transportation back and forth from the strip was too expensive. We were told that the Fremont Hotel was our best option so we took it. First of all, don't let the name fool you. This is not a "hotel." This is a "motel." We stayed our first nights (pre-business) at The Pallazzo on the strip and this was good and bad. Good because it was a FABULOUS experience and kind of cushioned us for our fall when we arrived at the Fremont. Bad because it spoiled us and made the Fremont and even bigger let down. If you want luxury in any form, the Fremont is not what you want. It's basic and meager. The reviews we read before going said the room was clean. Ours not so much. You have to literally beg to get a blanket and when we got it, gross. It was like it was made of a form of melted plastic. The bathroom was so tiny even one person had to move carefully. The toilet was angled in the corner to make enough room to close the door. The shower was for a short person (but did have hot water, which is always a plus). The casino is a typical downtown experience. Super, duper smoky and packed all the time. There's a Dunkin Donuts which was kind of convenient for coffee (this was new info for me - there are not coffee pots in Vegas hotel rooms) and a morning danish, but all the food is sitting out so when you big into it (it makes me gag thinking about it) it takes like a smoked cigarette - yuck. Our room was on the Fremont Street side and until 1 a.m. or later, Fremont Street does a lights show with blaring music and fighter jet sounds. It was miserable when you had to be at 8 a.m. meetings. You can't beat the price for $50 a night - but you get what you pay for. Since we were at a conference at The Golden Nugget, we got to see some of the rooms, even in the non-remodeled Carson Tower. They were very spacious and really nice. I would never, ever stay at the Fremont again. If your'e going to Vegas on a dime, this is the place for you. But FYI, Vegas is not fun when you're going on a dime. Downtown Vegas didn't impress me at all and my experience at this motel didn't help change my mind.