I thought I was all prepared for our trip after much research and investigation into this resort. We checked in and it was fabulous and just as I had hoped considering the resort was a Waldorf property and all. It is GRAND, it is BEAUTIFUL and it could have been perfect in every concievable way THEN they began arriving. Little by little over our first three days things began to change and by day four all hell had broken loose. We were at the hotel at the same time as convention, a huge 800 room check in in one day convention as I soon learned. I am so sad to say our dream trip was soon turned into watching a re-run of my Spring Break trips to Cancun from my teenage years. This very beautiful and wonderful resort was taken over and I do mean completely taken over by hundreds of people that apparently don't need to abide by ANY rules either by the hotel or even worse by society. I tell you it was as if caged animals were let loose by the pool. This resort with these supposed strict pool rules of one hour saving policys nope, apparently the pool chair saving rule DID NOT apply to this group (only to regular guests) as I saw rows of chairs being held by only a stray towel here and there for HOURS sitting empty when other chairs being held by family type items were swooped up and taken away by the pool staff. The staff was just standing back and letting these people have free reign at the ENTIRE hotel. The pool, the gym, it was awful. You could not even walk around the pool area to escape because there were so many of these conventioneers cheering on the company volleyball games the entire area was blocked by drunken, swearing, whoo-hooing, yelling, screaming people. I was just waiting for the WET T SHIRT contest to start. It was honestly THAT bad. Even worse I did try to speak to someone anyone but NOBODY cared. I went to the front desk THREE times. I was actually crying the third time I was so frustrated. The response was I will speak to ther manager. I promise you I did not even get a phone call. NO RESPONSE FROM ANY MANAGER. Nobody cared. The front desk acted annoyed by me and couldn't have possibly cared any less. I didn't really expect anything but I was really expecting at least a telephone call from someone, ANYONE. I did encounter a person that cared and his name is Gilbert. Gilbert remembered me from my first day and addressed me by name and was completely wonderful and exactly what you would expect from a Waldorf property. I found three people at this resort that were actually wonderful and deserve to be mentioned here. First Gilbert at the front desk second Keo the beach chair guy and third Dan the 8th floor bartender. These three pepole were just as wonderful as can be everyone else from the frint desk to the pool to the concierge were far too busy with this horrid convention to bother with my little family. It is clear to me that quantity is more of the focus here than is quality. My one family didn't mean a thing to this management. Not when they had just filled 800 rooms with drunken covention attending guests. To not receive at least a phone call from management after three compliaints at the front desk and two at the pool is unforgiveable to me. The General Manager here is Matt Bailey. He is not doing the Waldorf Astoria name any favors by his turning a blind eye to the resort being taken over by a large group at the expense of his regular guests. Lots of people were as horrified as I was. It is my understanding that this group has the company convention at The Grand Wailea every year so call and check before you go. If you are told there will be a large convention DO NOT GO. Like I said before this place is all about quantity NOT quality. Three people that cared and were great. Three. So sad. Gilbert, Keo and Dan. Beautiful place, so beautiful but such a shame that they didn't even pretend to care in the least bit.