Just returned from 6 nights at the Grand Wailea and was VERY DISAPPOINTED. This was supposed to be the pinnacle of our 3 Island trip and we had just checked out of the Hyatt on Poipu Bay in Kauai (which was absolutely fantastic) so we had high expectations. Upon arrival we went to the pool as our room wasn't ready. We could not find two adjacent chairs, let alone four for our family. The facility was overrun with guests and we ended up sitting on the lawn area as it was the only space available. The chairs in the pool area are crammed together, side by side, much like you'd find on the deck of a cruise ship. What we later learned is this hotel sells facility/pool access to an adjacent time share property. It appears they have little regard for registered guests and they are out for profit maximization as they do not have the physical space to support the hundreds of extra visitors that purchase pool passes. I shared this opinion with the front desk and the hotel waived the mandatory daily activity fee for our entire stay - the staff said they were familiar with this problem and apologized. I think this frustrated me even more as they are well aware the overcrowding is an ongoing problem. Also, we were less than pleased with the condition of our room. There was a signifcant amount of black mold in the grout lines of our bathtub & shower unit. Three days went by before we were notified that problem couldn't be fixed by housekeeping as engineering needed to get involved - the mold had penetrated the silicone caulking - probably more info here than you care to know, but this is supposed to be a 5 Star Hotel. In addition the room was noisier than expected as we could routinely hear staff going down the hallway, especially the bellman's cart, and occassionally could hear the guests in the adjacent rooms. It is really unfortunate as this is a beautiful property which seems to be falling into neglect. I came to this conclusion whenI was looking at the condition of the pool which had many missing tiles, the condition of some of the fountains which needed cleaning/repair, and the dated colors throughout the hotel- which could use a good overall painting. When we spoke with some of the staff, which were very good, they told us the property has changed hands a few times over the past several years....it appears this lack of continuity may be responsible for the compromised condition of this Hotel. Any way, if you are going to stay in Wailea I wouldn't, in any way, recommend this Hotel. Next time we are going to try the Four Seasons which is next to The Grand.