I traveled from Honolulu with my wife and two young girls ages 6 and 8 during the week of March 20, 2011 for a five day vacation at the Grand Wailea. Upon arrival, the hotel was reportedly at about 90% occupancy. There are approximately 780 rooms to the Property. Assuming an average of 3.0 people per room this would equate to 2100 guests more or less exclusive of staff during our stay. The facilities and staff simply can not come close to servicing that amount of people to any degree, let alone to a four or five star level. The main attraction to the hotel, the pools and slides become so crowded and so chaotic by noon that it is difficult to imagine that after the initial pleasure of merely being in Hawaii wears off the mid west or east coast traveler, one doesn't feel stressed over fighting over towls and chairs and space. It is Lord of the Flies at $1,000 a day. By 7:45 am 95% percent of the chairs around the multi level pool complex are completely taken. By 8:00 am 100% are taken. No one is actually using the pool or is even at the pool at that hour however. The one hour policy to "reserve" your chair is not enforced and in fact I actually witnessed on Friday March 25 at approx 11:00 am two young girls ages 8 and 10 , who had claimed two chairs and were quietly sitting next to me (which had been cleared by security about 30 minutes prior due to a guest placing a book there at approx 7:00 am and quickly disappearing) removed by hotel security because the guest returned 4 hours later and claimed he had BEEN USING THE CHAIR- A BLATANT AND OBVIOUS LIE. THE YOUNG GIRLS WERE SCARED, THE 5FT 10 260LB WHITE MALE GOT HIS CHAIR BACK,because the hotel secuity made the expedient decision after looking at thesize of the belligerent male and then the two little innocent girls who would be easier to deal with and the young girls had their day ruined. You could provide that friendly spring break experience for your kids without spending a 1,000 dollars a day for room and meals! Thank God the girls parents were not there at the time or there might have been a stabbing! So much for the blind eyes of Justice! Not once by the pool in five days did a server ever ask if we were interested in placing a food order. When we did eat by the pool the food was horrible. I do not mind the prices but the food was horrendous. The rooms were fair but can not compare to any four star or five star hotel in Kona, Lanai, or even next door at the Four Seasons. It is not enough for Management to say that occupancy is 90% and things get tight. A hotel need that number in order to make money so obviously the business plan for this Hotel coupled with the size and design do not provide functional utility for the guests ,and hence, this hotel constitutes a very poor value and a terrible waste of money. Management, let me tell you something: from 7am to 10 am the amount of people that are actually using the pool and need to legtimately "claim" a chair for immediate use is around zero. Issue towels and chairs at 10:00am and not earlier before someone gets killed!!!