Nice hotel, but sooo disappointed. Everything was sooo expensive. Don't go to maui in august for a quiet vacation. I might as well staying in Kaanapali or Lahaina. Families galore. Kids running up and down the hallway early in the morning. Where are the parents?? The spa was the best thing. 5 star for sure!!! So many things to try and hot/cold tubs, massaging showers, scrub down. First of all when we checked in for our honeymoon. We had to wait a long time before we were helped or even greeted. A woman was complaining about her bill for at least 10 minutes.Nice to be greeted after getting off the plane. Finally another front desk girl helped us. We told her we were on our honeymoon and asked for a suite, however the hotel was completely booked. We asked for a refrigerator in our room ahead of time. And paid for it upfront. We received a refrigerator in our room, however after a day of having our drinks in the refrigerator we noticed that the temperature was on the coldest setting. And our drinks were still slightly cooler than room temperature. My husband contacted the front desk before we were about to leave in the morning to go out for the day. 8/4/10- believe it was. We came back to our room and there was a roll away bed. We were on our honeymoon, so we surely didn't ask for it. My husband called and asked to get a new refrigerator, I called the front desk and talked to Carolina.. Time went by 30 minutes and so I decided to go down to the front desk. I spoke to Carolina and she said it had been taken care of. I asked her to see if we were charged for the bed and she said no right away without checking and didn't seem to care attitude. I waited a little while later, I called Carolina and she said she would have the manager call us. a few minutes later we finally got our new fridge, I was so angry that I told the gentleman that delivered the fridge we waited at least 45-60min. he apologized and told us the front desk had told him the incorrect room number 2 floors from our room. No call from the manager. So I called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. Spoke to Roberto? He had just got on his shift that evening and apologized and took the $25 charge off our bill. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. 4 star hotel I don't think so. My husband and my honeymoon. We will never stay here again.Next time we will stay somewhere else. What a disappointment.