I agree with the other reviewers re: the pool scene. It is a HORROR show - the likes of which I have not encountered in Florida, California, the entire Carribbean (including Atlantis in the Bahamas) or the entire East Coast in the summer. The hotel management is non- existent. Pay your $$$$$$$ and they could care less if you have no place to sit by the pool or the beach! And if you arrive after 7 am - you will NOT have anyplace to sit. This is not a relaxing vacation - honestly there is less stress fighting your way on to the NYC or Japanese subway systems. As the prior reviewer said - if you leave your chair for an hour - they remove your items and give away your chair. I noticed a LOT of this on our last day - there was one security guard who was especially agressive and seemed to be enjoying himself. As I watched, I thought - wow I've been on beaches in the Dominican Republic that were ringed with armed guards from the military toting machine guns and felt more relaxed. At least those guards were actually protecting me and my stuff! One striking thing I will remember also is that around the pool - no one ever seems to smile. Not the guests and not the staff. Pretty odd for a "vacation paradise." I heard that there is some type of condo or time share property adjoining this hotel. These folks pay little $$ to rent their rooms but have full privileges to the pool and beach. As a result - the hotel has a huge overcapacity of people v. the facilities available. Couple that with the fact that 40% of the pool and beach cabanas are reserved (for a tidy $250-$300 per day extra to the hotel) by other guests when they book their rooms (a fact NO ONE ever mentions when you are booking) and you have the root of the problem. Adding insult to injury - many of the "reserved" cabansa sit empty if not for the entire day - for much of it. So people who know the system can just plunk down their $$, tour the rest of Maui and laugh at the hotel guests who would just like a seat to unwind by the pool. As I said - the most ridiculous pool scene I have encountered world wide. If you are no looking to use the pool or the beach and/or you go at a time other than Thanksgiving, Xmas or Spring Break, the property itself is gorgeous - as is the room. I found the staff very helpful from the front deak to the bellman. I was peeved when I requested 2 wine glasses and was told there was a $5 delivery charge (no joke). I did not eat at the hotel as there are tons of fabulous restaurants closeby. In particular we skipped the overpriced Easter brunch ($72 per person $36 for kids) and ate at Longhi's at the Shops at Wailea (great breakfast!). I also HIGHLY recommend Sorrentos on the Beach - 5 minutes away with GREAT food, wine and an unbelievable view of the sunset. We had dinner there twice it was that good. At the Grand Wailea, we did have drinks by the beach bar (name escapes me at the moment) and the apps were awful and the "house" wine was undrinkable. If you must stay in Waliea - definitely check out the Four Seasons. Their property is much more elegant (even if their mortgage seems to be in default - doesn't seem to have trickled down to the property at least not yet). We had dinner at Duos - service and food were fabulous. We tried to book Ferraros - but it was fully booked. Check it out ahead of your arrival if you have any interest in eating there. I will return to Maui but I would not return to this hotel.