We spent 5 heavenly days at the Wailea Beach Villas before heading to the Grand Wailea for 2 nights. We tried to check-in at noon, but no rooms were available until 4:30. (Amazing, since the hotels are not full!) Right away the difference in level of service and friendliness was apparent between the two places. Once we were able to move into our room, it was very warm as most hotel rooms can be at the beginning. We turned the A/C down, waited 3 hours and called maintenance to fix (when it was apparent that it wasn't working properly) while we were at dinner. When we arrived back at the hotel, it was still warm and we had to call again. Also, the cable had been out for the entire day (which we didn't need until the evening) Maintenance indicated that they have a conservation mode that makes the A/C not work when there is no movement in the room, which he overrode. Also, there is no A/C in the bathrooms, so it was extremely warm for our entire stay. We finally had to have housekeeping bring fans to our room as management indicated that they had no rooms to move us to. (Some level of service!) Our room never did get cool enough for us even though we had NO issues at the Wailea Beach Villas. Management never checked back with us to see if everything had been resolved. Lack of caring is a theme I had read about this hotel before I booked, but I guess we thought we'd be the exception. Rooms - They may say they are updated, but we travel extensively, and we were not impressed. Decor may be updated, but the beds were so soft and worn that we highly doubt they were upgraded. While the room was our biggest disappointment, we are happy we didn't have to spend tons of time in the room, but for the price, we expected more. Pools - These were the reason we chose the Grand Wailea and they didn't disappoint. My kids, age 12 and 13, enjoyed them, but as we thought, two days of the craziness of the Disney scene was enough for them as well. Lines for the largest slide were long, so I can't imagine what they would be like if the hotel was completely packed. Spa - I enjoyed a wonderful massage that included an hour of various bath treatments and scrub that made my experience the most enjoyable of the time at this hotel. Kuddo's to those who work in the spa. Only downside, once again, was the lack of enough A/C when trying to get ready to head to the airport after my appointment. Would we stay here again when visiting Maui? Probably not. We should have listened to our instincts and stayed longer at the condo or booked the Four Seasons.