The purpose of our trip was to attend our best friends wedding. We arrived eagerly at the Grand Wailea after a long flight from CA and after hearing such great things about the hotel, we couldn't wait to get there. Upon our arrival, my immediate impression was that it looked really outdated, peach/pink accents that reminded me of the late 80's/early 90's. We waited in line to check in and the staff at the front desk were quite rude. The hotel was only about 50% occupied. It was 4:00pm by the time we checked in however our room wasn't ready, so we were put in another room supposedly with a better view. The hotel is quite large and there are several elevators that take you only to the pool/spa area and others that take you only to your room. We were not given any direction as to where are room was located and how to get there. We got lost and walked around for quite some time before we found it - it felt like we were at the embassy suites to be honest. Once we arrived at our room, immediately I could smell mold. The room was small, dark and the bathroom didnt have a single place to put your toiletries not even a drawer or a cabinet. We were starving and asked where the restaurant was located, we were told to go down to the second floor, but not told that there restaurants were not open yet, this information would have been very helpful. Once we figured that out after walking forever to find that it was closed, we asked a staff member where we could get some food. We were directed to one of the pool bars. we found it, sat down, ordered and then were told that it was closing in 10 minutes!!! it was 4:50pm! By this time I was getting a little annoyed and asked to speak with a manager. She was nice and upgraded us to a nicer room located in the napui tower (this is where you want to stay). This was part of the remodeled section others are referring to. The room was bigger, brighter and nicer. the bathroom was bigger as well. The complimentary breakfast buffet was quite nice. They also serve complimentary drinks at 5pm, which was nice, but the drinks are very mediocre, albeit free. If they would not have upgraded us to the napui tower, I would have been out of there!!! We stayed 4 nights. the level of service at the hotel is laughable although not funny when you are paying $500 bucks per night. We ate at the restaurant humuhumu (shortened) 2 times. The first time was part of a wedding reception we attended, the food was quite good. The second time we at there we were initially told that we (my husband and I) couldn't get a table, I insisted that we get one. They called back and said they could squeeze us in. Once we got there, there was hardly anyone there!! not even 50% full. ridiculous. Everything was a hassle at this hotel! We had dinner at the Four Seasons down the road at Spago. It was quite a contrast in terms of service, we were treated as guests although we only at dinner there. If I had to do it again, I would stay at the Four Seasons. It was packed with a lot of energy unlike the Grand Wailea, which was like a ghost town. One of the bartenders at the Grand Wailea said that because occupancy has been low, they have been closing down the pool bar early and opening the restaurants later. The only employee of the hotel who was polite was the Manager we spoke with. On the upside, the pools alone were amazing especially the kids pool - there is nothing like it that I have seen before. WE have 2 young kids (under 5) and they would have loved the pool - but were not traveling with us for this trip. They also had a nice pool for adults only which was nice. The service at the pool....TERRIBLE!!!! Good luck finding a drink or something to eat! Even after renting out cabanas the service was STILL bad. the chapel is quite lovely and a great place to take pictures. the humu humu restaurant is really nice and tranquil if you can get a reservation.....Our friends very small wedding was quite beautiful. The outside grounds of the hotel are really quite beautiful. It's very sad to see a hotel that has an amazing potential and such a great history, go downhill so quickly. It desperately needs an upgrade and they need a big time service overhaul as well, otherwise, they should not be positioning and pricing themselves as a 5 star hotel. My recommendation  go stay at the Four Seasons next door and make a reservation to eat at Humu Humu at the Grand Wailea during your stay.