My husband and I used our Hilton Honor Points and redeemed for a 6-nights stay, from 01/29/09 to 02/04/09. We have stayed at numerous Hiltons and Conrads, but this is the first (and most likely last) time we will be staying in a Waldorf Astoria property. I would not have paid half of the rates posted to stay at this resort. Some of my personal disappointments: 1. The front desk first offered me an "ocean view" room. However, when we entered the room, the view, if any, was COMPLETELY blocked by the foliage of a big tree. After we went back to the front desk to complain, they then changed us to an "above the tree line" room with views of the ocean. Mind you, the property is NOT FULL and I do not understand why they'd want to put customers in less desirable rooms in the first place when there are plenty of others vacant? 2. The hotel charges for EVERYTHING. From $250/day for a large canopy (which is 95% vacant everyday, since no one in today's economy would want to shell out that kind of money for shade), to $50/day for a smaller two-persons lounger, to $25 to clean out the in-room fridge for us to put our own drinks in there, to $25/day resort fee (which by the way, should cover those shaded canopies in the first place). 3. Hilton Honors Gold and Diamond members be aware, none of your normal loyalty perks is applicable here. We did not receive any breakfast, newspaper or spa passes. Oh, we did receive one bottle of Evian on the first day and they did offer us a $40 food coupon which is a joke because of all the restrictions it comes with, like it is only valid at the 3 most expensive restarurants on-site and only for dinner. I could eat like a king for 1/2 the money down the street at Cafe O'Lei. Oh, they did offer to upgrade us to their "Napua Lounge" for just $200 more per day... they must think we are stupid or something! 4. The housekeeping staff is not up to par compared to some of the other luxury hotels we have stayed in. They DO NOT replenish the toiletries or clean the tub everyday. We had to call housekeeping twice, during our stay, to get our coffee (one of the few "free" items in the room). Mind you, this is after leaving a nice tip on the counter every morning! To be fair, the property is grand and has a wonderful beach. However, it is an older property and its age is showing. Considering it took twice the HH points for us to redeem a stay here versus staying at Conrad Bali or the Hilton Waikoloa, I think we will not be returning.