I'm writing this review a year later but feel the need to do so since I found this site! Last December, I was in need of a getaway and several friends of mine had stayed at the GW years ago and said it was amazing. So I booked 10 days. The property was amazing. The spa was gorgeous but if you get a massage they get you in and out of there like a factory, fyi. My beef was with the lack of service! Checkin was fine but things started going downhill once I got to my room. There was -- I'm not making this up -- a piece of chewed gum stuck to my headboard. I don't know if it was the past guest or the maid's herself. Then I paid $50 for a mini cabana by the ocean only to have no service whatsoever. I had to keep getting up to walk to the bar -- through the kiddie pool, mind you, and over a bridge -- I had to REALLY work for those margaritas! Everything I called from my room for I had to wait for the phone to ring 10 times, sometimes it was never answered. The place seemed very shortstaffed and I was disappointed overall. But here's the FUNNY part... So finally the fifth night i was getting pretty unhappy and took a walk down the beach path and realized that next door was the Four Seasons. I walked into the gorgeous property and up to the front desk and inquired about a room. For just a $100 more a night then i was paying at the GW I got a gorgeous room with ocean view much closer to the ocean than at the GW and they treated me like a QUEEN. The service there was incomparable. So I go back to the GW and tell the front desk person "I'd like to check out early" with no explanation. ***She didn't even ask if I was leaving!*** ! She didn't ask how my stay was. She didn't care! So then I asked if she would get me a car please. She did ask if I was going to the airport. "No," I replied. "I'm moving next door to the Four Seasons." She didn't say anything then either. I wanted to shout "Does anybody here give a [--]" Anyway my stay at the Four Seasons was AMAZING and I'm writing you from there right now as I am here again this December. They have won me over for life! (PS -- I just walked by the Grand Wailea for old times' sake and the pool looks like a nuclear war zone! People are stacked on top of each other on the lawn in chairs and they look pissed!!!)