The Grand Wailea is for some and truly not for others. It was NOT for us. If you are the traveler who becomes agitated in densely populated theme and water parks, if you find coach class when flying similar to a Greyhound bus experience or if you have little patience for cattle call style meals, DO NOT STAY HERE. My husband and I have found salvation in chain hotels such as Hilton, Hyatt and Marriott during other trips when we were booked at hotels which didn't meet our standards. We are certainly not hotel snobs. However, we booked our 2 week long vacation at GW based on it's Waldorf Astoria affiliation. How can a hotel with a Waldorf Astoria affiliation be run like Disney World? How can an affiliation with such high standards be associated with GW? I don't know but I will explain in the following exactly what to expect when you stay at GW to help you determine if it's for you and your family. (I say family because you shouldn't dare stay at GW unless you're A. traveling with kids. B. a fan of other peoples' kids C. crazy.) To begin, I spent 45 minutes the day prior to our arrival in an effort to arrange for champagne and a cheese fruit plate as a surprise for my husband. We traveled 18 hours with our infant as well as the added fatigue of my pregnant status. I thought he would be pleasantly uplifted and surprised to find a treat in the room. After calling the hotel, being told they were busy with a breakfast rush and to fax my request- I did. I included my credit card number and the specific wine off their menu as well as my menu selection for cheese. No can do, it wasnt there. And yes, I called on my way to confirm they received my request. Next stop, breakfast. Two people, total, $80. Buffet, mediocre at best and cold. Enjoy the sparrows while you dine. Its like Hitchcocks The Birds. Enough said. It was literally a 15 minute walk to and from the beach/12 from pool. EACH WAY. Want shade? PAY. $50 for a beach umbrella, a day. $250 for a poolside cabana. Who knows how you get them, I heard its actually a lottery. The pool reminded us of a water park in our hometown. Its bumper to bumper and there are so many kids I have 3, dont misunderstand me but this was not relaxing. It was CHAOS. My husband calls it Wally World. Our room was an upgrade. We had a room booked for $499 with the 7th night free and we were put in a partial ocean view which would have been in the $600s. LOL It was supposedly recently renovated but it was definitely not. It was mildew-y in the bathroom, older looking tiles the carpet smelled and it was cramped. There was a lot of nickel and diming going on there. Aside from the resort fee, there are charges for a refrigerator in the room (for babys milk), a crib, shade by pool or beach as mentioned above and anything else you can imagine they charge for, they do. I had visions of majestic views from my shaded poolside or oceanfront seat, being waited on all day and soaking in my tub at night. Well, the view was of 1000 kids running around, no servers in sight and I wouldnt dare soak in that tub. We left after the 2nd night and checked into the Four Seasons next door. We paid slightly more, $640 a night plus $18 in parking but it was worth every cent. Cabanas, shade, umbrellas- all included. Service is 5 star all the way. There was always somewhere to sit by the pool. The kids pool was nice enough for adults to use! The rooms were amazing and the extras were a nice touch: The included some diapers and Little Swimmers as well as all the necessary infant toiletries in the room. They spelled out our sons name in little sponges in the bathtub. They provide cribs, changing tables, diaper genies, bottle warmers, strollers, infant tubs, whatever else you can think of free of charge. Frig in all rooms. What a switch. Like I said, GW may be for some but it wasnt for us. I appreciate the finer things in life but also live on a budget. When I travel, I dont want to be exhausted by the accommodations I have chosen, I want to unwind. GW wasnt providing that for us and I am glad we left when we did. Do your research and if youre working on a budget, carefully consider some hidden costs you may incur before making a choice.