Where to begin..... I am not one to complain and have never written a negative review but this one is a must. The value for this hotel is not worth the accommodations. I recently stayed for my honeymoon and was extremely excited upon arrival but unfortunately my excitement didn't last long. Upon arrival my husband and I were greeted with flower leis and the valet took care of our car and bags but didn't even take the time to point us in the right direction to the check in desks. Check in went fairly quickly although the bell man who assisted us with our bags could have been a little more friendly as some of his colleagues were. Upkeep was not were it should be for a hotel in the "Waldorf Astoria" class as the paint on many of the doors were chipped, scratched and looked very worn. Upon reaching our room, we were welcomed to a musty/mildewy smell and so-so accommodations. Upon mentioning it to the bellman he just shrugged his shoulders and said to talk to the desk. Being on our honeymoon, we tried to stay positive and freshened up, headed down to the desk on our way to explore the hotel/pool/beach. The desk sent housekeeping to "freshen up" the room while we were out which lasted for a couple of hours into the evening but ultimately the smell returned. To make a long story short, the musty/mildewy smell was so prevalent that it permeated all of our clothes and regardless of whether or not we wore an article of clothing during the honeymoon, we had to wash everything when we got home because they smelled like the hotel room. After my third trip to the front desk I was finally afforded the opportunity to speak with management but the only thing that was offered to us was a late check out which we had already arranged for. This was another annoyance... our keycards were deactivated despite the prior arrangements made so we had to go back to the front desk anyway and once we were back in the room, housekeeping knocked on our door multiple times to find out when we were leaving. Not everything was a negative though, the pool and beach (although crowded) were very nice and lots of fun! The Humuhumunukunukuapuaa restaurant was pretty good. I travel often for both business and pleasure and am a Hilton Hhonors Gold VIP member (I didn't receive any of the benefits I should have), when I'm paying $615/nt plus taxes and $25/day resort fee I expect the service and accommodations to be excellent which this stay definitely was not.