For us, the key to happiness at the Grand Wailea is low expectations. Unfortunately, we checked in here after 5 lovely nights at the newly remodeled Ritz Carlton where we were pampered the entire time. Driving up we waited for 10 minutes at the valet. We then decided to just self park rather than continue to wait. We found the only open spot available in self parking and then made our way to check-in. We got in line behind 20 or so other people and just 2 check-in clerks. We noticed 6 bellmen just standing there. Why don't they cross-train the bell-people to be able to check people in when there is a lengthy delay? When we finally made it to the front of the line, the clerk immediately up-sold us to a "garden view" for an extra $100/night on top of the $550 we paid for the mountain view rooms which she claims look at the parking lot. Stupidly, we accepted. My brother checked in later and was automatically given a garden view just down the hall from us. It appears they are remodeling the mountain view rooms as they have stacked the beds outside on the lanai (lovely) so I suspect everyone gets upgraded automatically except those stupid enough to fall for the up-sale. The rooms are definitely in need of an upgrade. At the Ritz we had an empty fridge we could use and were regularly given free bottled water. At the GW, if you are stupid enough to drink the water they leave for you, you will be charged $6 bucks each. No free newspaper here. You have to go to the Cafe and buy one yourself. The bathroom toiletries were the worst, generic quality I have experienced in years. They even use "creme rinse" instead of conditioner. I didn't even think they made creme rinse anymore. At the end of the 3 days, my hair was like a brillo pad. Our room looked over the Activity pool. We were awoken at 6:30 am by people who started to stake their claim to the precious pool chairs. We quickly dressed and waited in line at the towel desk. Chairs are crammed together and you are sure to become friends with you neighbor, as your chair will be touching theirs. By 7:10am, there were essentially no chairs available unless you wanted to sit on the beach or on the grass. Cabana's are $300 and require up to a one-year advance reservation. The pool itself was fun for the 1st day but the amount of debris floating in the water made me queasy. Used Band-aids, trash, leaves, you name it, you are swimming in it. Given the Four Seasons next door is roughly the same price, we would never stay here again. I suppose if you have children and do not stay anywhere else before hand (so you have nothing to compare it to) this hotel would be satisfactory. For us, we couldn't wait to leave after the 3 nights we spent at the GW.