Let me start by saying the lobby of this resort is beautiful . I stayed here with my husband and two kids (12&10) in an ocean view with 2 double beds from 12/27-1/1/08. It was very roomy but we had a big ant problem. (We had stayed on the west side of the island at Kaanapali beach and had no bug problem for 7 days). We had them come spray our first night and again the next morning. When we got back from the pool all day the ants were back. We talked to the front desk when leaving for dinner and he offered another room to us. He stated 4 other ppl had complained about ants that day. He gave us 3 keys for the room so we would not have to stop back at the front desk. Once we inspected the new room he said we could just transfer our stuff to the new room and let the front desk know we were switching. We thought that was nice of him since the walk to the front desk from our room(s) was about 10 minutes. It took us an hour to pack up our stuff and move. We let the front desk know when we called for a bellhop. Our new room was outdated with old tile and decoration but was the same size. It was more noisy however since the staff rolled carts down the hall all night. Unfortunately we did not know this until we were trying to sleep! The next day we went on a snorkeling trip from 7-2:30. Upon returning to our room our key did not work. My husband had to trek back to the lobby where they said our rooms were never switched. My husband received a call from the manager soon after getting in the room . He waived our $25 resort fee for the two days we had problems and sent an amenities basket (very nice) 2 days later. I also surprised my husband with some birthday balloons and a cake delivered to our room on the 30th and it was great (FYI-$75 cost). The room service man was spectacular. Now on to the pool area. This was just awful. I will never stay at this resort again mainly for this fact. By 7:05 I would say all the chairs by the pool were reserved. They don't let you on the pool deck until 7! They have too many cabanas that rent out for $300 a day that have 4 chairs under the canopy plus it reserves the 4 chairs in front of it. Supposedly they have a worker that goes around and watches if no one comes to the reg. chairs after 1 1/2 hours he removes your items and the chairs open up for new ppl. Our first day I saw a zillion chairs never used until the afternoon and he never moved a thing! Another day we were going to brunch at a nearby hotel so we greased this pool worker $20 to keep our chairs just because we didn't want to lose them. There is a nice grassy area between the pool/walkway and beach with chairs that you have to RENT and RESERVE ahead of time. It was just ludicrus. We saw tons of ppl turned away because there were no chairs anywhere. Another day we had a reserved chair taken by another family who admitted to it upon our arrival . They offered it back but we declined since our kids were elsewhere at the time. Our 3rd chair we gave to a young couple with a 9 month old who I noticed had circled the pool 3x looking for 1 open chair. They have gone here for years and say the ppl just get ruder every year and we saw that this year as well! The walk to the pool was about 15 min. from our room. The layout of the property is just silly-you have to back track from your room to get the few elevators that take you down to the first level to head to the pool. They roll towel carts along the pool area all day long. You would think at an upscale hotel they would have a private walkway for that away from the ppl relaxing by the pool. It was obnoxious. The beach was back to back ppl and my kids could not even throw a nerf ball around-this was of course was not the hotels fault. The walkway north was nice but ppl are extremely rude (especially joggers) and won't even walk single file when passing others. Common sense is very lacking. I also did not like the Head Valet man because he was snooty and condescending to me when I asked about the shuttle service to shopping but EXTREMELY nice to a woman after me. The other valet ppl were very nice and quick . The concierge were nice too. Overall, the room size was the only good thing about the property besides the service but that was not exceptional. For dining, Longhis was scrumptious while I would really skip Cheeseburgers, Mai Tais and Rock and Roll in the Shops of Wailea. The service was horrible along with the burgers. We were told while shopping on a rainy News Years Eve that it always rains this day of the year so I would suggest leaving that day or 1/2 because 1/1 was absolutely gorgeous and it was tough to leave then! And when I go back, I won't stay here.