This place is a ZOO! It's hilarious, because we were probably one of the only couples there without kids. However - I love a GREAT waterpark, and let's be frank...that's why you book this place. You need to do it once, then you probably never want to go back again. Maybe when I actually have kids and they renovate - I would reconsider! Pool - This Las Vegas sized hotel has the best pool in the country! Your kids will love you as they navigate through the lazy river, water elevator, rope swing & waterslides. All the kids were having a blast - heck, we were having a blast! They spent a TON of money landscaping the lagoon, on art work and into the waterpark area. Go to the gallery to see the Warhols & Picassos! The monstrosity of the hotel does make it tough to get around quickly though. Chairs are a pain to find near the waterpark, but easy around the adult pool. Business Centre - $3.75 for 5 minutes!!! Say goodbye to checking email...that's expensive! Food - I dug Cafe Kula. Breakfast was only around $15 with decent selection. You could also do 'cheaper' dinners like pizza, salads, spaghetti here. It wasn't AMAZING food, but it was decent. Overpriced, of course - but cheaper then the restaurants. The Bistro is a nice middle option and the poolside menu ain't bad either. Burgers were $15 or so, frozen drinks - $12 (and they were small!), virgin drinks were $8 (ouch!), $6 Shave Ice or Ice Cream. Kids were charging this stuff to their rooms like crazy!!! If you can, eat off the resort @ Cheeseburgers in Paradise or Tommy Bahama Cafe. The food is justified by the prices over at The Shops @ Wailea. Better idea - hit the Safeway up the highway and stock up on bagels, cream cheese, orange juice etc. Room - Same thoughts as others...rundown, smelly, dated and in need of a renovation. We had a 'parking lot' view over a really LOUD air conditioning unit. It was fine with the window closed, but we didn't really use our lanai because of it. The bed was comfy...but is this really a 'Waldorf Astoria' quality room? Spa - $170 plus tip for my 50 minute massage. The star here is the 'Water Spa' area with it's different baths. Never seen anything like it before - loved it and felt relaxed. Would probably not do it again, it was more like a one-time treat & I'm sure the novelty would wear off. The Road to Hana - Bring bug spray, there are mosquitos! If you get carsick, bring gravol...those roads are wind-y. Overall, the hotel itself was mediocre...the pool is the real draw. Stay for a night, then move on next door to the Four Seasons.