We just got back - yesterday 11/16 - from an eight-day stay at the Grand Wailea in Maui. We had visited the hotel three years prior in 2004 as guests but didn't stay there over night - we went to their spa, met friends, went in the pool etc. So this time when we returned to the island, we wanted to try a stay at the famed resort. Overview: The Grand Wailea is very nicely situated in Wailea, Maui. The rooms were a decent size, the amenities at the hotel were plentiful, and the beach is very nice in this area too and right outside the hotel grounds. However, when considering a top tier hotel these items would seem standard features. There were things about the Wailea that were just shy of fabulous - and for the money it costs to visit the Wailea and the reputation of the property - I would certainly say it has lost it's shine in recent years. The lobby is dramatic and impressive but there are areas when the hotel is not in the four or five star category. It is such a thin line that takes a property from "WOW, it was fabulous" to "yeah, it was nice" - much of it is in the detail of the finish and the level of service, both these areas fell short in our expectations. The Rooms: As I mentioned above, the rooms are of a decent size. We stayed in room 5083 which had it's own patio and lawn area on the 5th floor with a partial ocean view. The bed was comfortable and the linens were very nice - high thread count and all feather pillows and mattress topper. Two arm chairs, ottoman and a desk occupied space in the room - so it was quite spacious. However, the bathroom was mediocre - plain white ceramic tile, simple separate shower, granite slab tops on the vanity unit - but was without a doubt showing it's age. Cracks in the floor tile & and didn't have the WOW factor that I've seen in other "luxury" resorts like the Bellagio, Wynn and Swiss Hotel chains. The bathroom was, in short tired. There was also a really large armoire in the room that housed a large old-fashioned 32" TV. Now, I certainly didn't spend time in the room watching TV - but it was another example of the hotel's age by not having flat screens in the rooms and still using older worn furniture in the space. The door coming into the room was grubby looking; the hallways werent always swept and clean. Regularly we would walk past dirty room service dishes that were left in the hallways, sometimes more than a day. The manicured property look was only evident in the lobby  and on occasion the lobby bar was a wreck  dirty glasses, plates, old magazines left lying around. The Pools: This is the one area of the resort I think people will love, particularly those visiting with children. The resort has a wonderful labyrinth of pools for the kids to play in, including water slides, water elevator, rope swing, bridges to cross etc. During our stay it was clear to see that the family traveler was provided with many ways to entertain their whole group - other hotels in the area of similar stature (Four Seasons and the Fairmont) didn't have the "Disneyland" appeal the Wailea has for many kids. The hibiscus pool for adults was lovely, quieter and more relaxing than the kids pools and nice to use for a dip to relieve the suns heat after lying on the loungers during the day. The Spa: I've been to the Wailea Spa a couple of times and it truly is a wonderful place. For the price of the treatments, given that many of the other resorts are in the same price category, you get more pampering for you dollar as they have so many facilities that are included in the treatment price. They have a whole host of baths for you to sample prior to your treatment, enzyme baths, mineral baths, Roman tubs, Japanese bath/shower and you also get a scrub included before your massage to rid you of dead skin means youll retain your tan for longer too! :-) It was pretty crowded when I was there and that's the only downside. It's extremely popular. So you would have to wait to use some of the baths as they were always occupied, it did feel a little rushed and I don't like that the staff only provided you with a towel until you've had your scrub and are ready to go to your massage appointment  usually about an hour after you first arrive. It also takes the shine off the bathing options when you can see how many people have been lounging around in the same bath water before you. Tina was my massage therapist and was very good at her craft and the treatment was relaxing and good at removing the air travel kinks I'd received earlier that day. So, overall - it's a good experience and I think 9 out of 10 people will really enjoy their visit. Food & Beverage: This property is not renowned for it's F&B services - some of the restaurants are great for lunch and Kincha the Japanese restaurant had decent sushi, the atmosphere at the facility was so-so. The bistro for lunch was nice and we had decent food there and the service from our waitress Lori - whose section we requested after our first visit - was terrific. Sashimi Ahi was really nice and fresh, as was their grilled Mahi Mahi. Room service was very well presented, breakfast in the room served on your lanai is a nice experience and the quality of the food was again decent. However, there is a 21% gratuity included in the room service and a $4 delivery charge. And - you also pay a $25 per day resort fee, which doesn't include valet parking (an additional $15 per day), all room service gratuities. We were also charged a service fee when they had to restock the mini bar - this seemed excessive. The can of Heineken from the mini bar ended up costing $8.50 including the service fee to place another replacement beer in the fridge. The pool side wait service is similar in its pricing - and again - with everything else you pay for at this hotel, I think the management there should address where it can afford not to gouge their customers with simply outlandish charges. A small Fiji water 330ml (yes I'm sure it was that size bottle), was $7.50 - that didn't include any service fee or gratuity, just how much was being charged for the product. That type of mark-up just seems to take advantage of the customer and is unnecessary. The Check-out Bill: This area was a little worrying and follows on from the final comments in the F&B section. There's a difference in a resort like the Wailea being expensive, everyone knows that when he or she makes a reservation here and lets face it, Maui is an expensive place to go for vacation. But theres a difference in this baseline knowledge and when the resort takes advantage of customers in completely outlandish pricing and adding charges to the bill without the knowledge of the guest. Upon check out we reviewed the bill - we'd put lots of charges on the room so wanted to see exactly what we'd spent. We had been charged for four extra days of valet parking we never used and some mini bar inaccuracies. Who reported that charge to the bill? How did they determine that cost was to go to our account? Do they just put it on every bill automatically and don't tell you about it? They did remove the charge - but there wasn't an apology and no explanation of how it got there. The total of incorrect charges on our check out bill came to $72. We spent a total of $1,700 at the resort while we were there, yet they still were trying to get the extra $72 - it seemed the hotel was always trying to get a little bit more out of it's guests, even when everyone there seemed willing to use and pay for services at the resort. Service: The way the bill was handled goes someway to demonstrate the level of service at the hotel too  kind of a not too bothered, dont really care attitude; this wasnt true in every case, but more times than not Im sad to say it was. We visited the Fairmont while we were staying at the Wailea  their lobby bar is great at sunset so we strolled over there and ended up going back four times! This is the comparison Im using against the Waileas service. Everyone  bar none  at the Fairmont was delightful. The greeting coming into the property, the bar staff, spa attendant, spa therapists who we met, Nicks Fish market servers and hostess were fabulous. After wed finished our drinks at the lobby we went to the bell desk and asked for a cab back to the Wailea. The girl at the desk was lovely taking my name, asking how we enjoyed our visit to their hotel, how long we were staying, etc, etc. Then the Cadilac arrived. The Fairmont provided complimentary car service from their hotel to ours, or from their hotel to the Wailea shops, or to a local restaurant if you wanted  all at NO FEE. Just part of their service  and THATS the difference between a nice hotel and a WOW hotel. Because youre already paying for a great hotel that should come with great perks that shouldnt cost you extra money, it should be included at that level of resort. The Fairmont even sent the car to pick me up from the Wailea when I returned to visit their spa the next day oh just call me and Ill send the car over to get you. Fabulous.. Summing up: Oh, I wish I could say the Wailea was worth every dime and that Id go back next time we visit  because it does have the potential to be an outstanding resort. There are pros and cons to this hotel and I hope Ive shown where each can be found. But the truth is in its price category, theres a better experience and level of service available; well be going to the Fairmont.