For years, the Grand Wailea resort has been one of our favorite vacation hotelsin fact, we stayed at the property on average two times a year. It makes me sad that I will no longer look forward to being a guest at the Grand Wailea. We arrived at the hotel on November 6th and were assigned room 4012. As we walked down the hallway with our bell man, I noticed the poor, unkempt condition of the hallway. Paint chipped, dirty walls, doors with dirty fingerprints, and filthy light fixtures were very apparent. Our room was not much better with spotted upholstery and chipped furniture. Our 4th floor grassy area was appalling. There was a paper cup lid, a straw wrapper, a dirty band-aid, cigarette butts, and weeds about six inches high. Since we were the hosts of six other couples at the hotel, we were very concerned about their rooms and complained to manager Faith Stutzman. She was very apologetic, and upgraded one of our guests to the concierge level, along with the promise that our other guests would have a good room. The next day we spoke with manager Shannon Schiling about the condition of our patio, and he assured us that the patio garbage would be taken care of. During our five day stay, the patio was never rid of the garbage. Not just our hallway was disgusting, but the hallways of our guests were also never swept. They, too, had chipped paint with dirty walls and doors. Our dealings with the concierge, Richard, were not much better. He assured us that he cancelled our return Speedy Shuttle reservation at our request. This cancellation was never done, and Speedy Shuttle came to the hotel resulting in a needless charge to us. As I stated before, I am so disappointed in the condition of the property. I cannot imagine paying $900 over the Christmas Holiday for a room in such poor condition. This trip was embarrassing to us as we were the hosts to very important business clients. I look forward to the time when this resort is renovated, updated, and cleaned up to its previous condition.