We are looking forward to staying at the Grand Wailea, but with dampened enthusiasm after an ugly interaction with their reservations department. After booking our 3 night stay by phone, the email confirmation arrived days later (after calling them back), and showed us as staying 4 nights, one more than we had reserved. We called the hotel to advise it of its error and were told that we would be charged for the cancelled night. When we objected to being charged for a night we had never reserved in the first place, the agent insisted (albeit politely) that hotel policy required the charge. Without success, we objected again--both to being charged for a night we hadn't reserved and to the discrepancy between the agent's description of the cancellation policy and the version on the hotel's website and on our emailed reservation, which said "TWO NIGHT DEPOSIT AT TIME OF RESERVATION. CANCELLATION 14 DAYS PRIOR TO ARRIVAL". Since we were staying 3 nights, the 2 night deposit wasn't a problem, if applied to 2 of the three nights we were staying. But it wasn't--it was being applied to the first AND LAST nights , so any shortening of the length of the stay - even a 60 day stay-would always result in a penalty. Over many years of staying at 4/5 star properties, we've never encountered such a policy, and it was especially galling to have it applied to a "change" in a reservation required by the hotel's own error. Is it possible there is a problem with disapointed customers wanting to leave early? The hotel being owned by the Hilton chain, we sought help from their main reservations department as well, who refered us back to the hotel front desk. . We reached a front desk manager after demanding to speak to someone with authority over the reservations. Finally, reason prevailed, and the front desk manager confirmed our reservation for the correct number of days, with no penalty. Take home lesson: when you book at the Grand Wailea, DON'T RELY ON IT'S WEBSITE FOR INFORMATION ON IT'S CANCELLATION POLICIES. Get the details in writing, and make sure that you get written, accurate confirmation of your reservation. Or, save yourself the trouble until the GW's reservation system improves, and stay at the Four Seasons or Fairmont instead. You won't get the GW's pools, but won't have the headache of poorly /explained policies and charges either.