We've been to Maui 11 times, staying for at least a week each time, and finally succumbed to the hype about the Grand Wailea (GW) and decided to stay there over Thanksgiving. We've typically rented one of the 2/3 BR Villas over at the Kea Lani, but decided to get two adjoining deluxe oceanfront rooms. The "membership" is mostly a rip-off. We did get our "discount" but this is calculated from the HIGHEST published rates, and was hardly a bargain. The nickel and dime fees were maddening: There is the resort fee $20, Valet fee, $15, Adjoining Room Fee $20 ea. as well as the usual excise fees. So this added up to about $100/night more than the "discounted rate" for each of the rooms ($1800 over our entire stay) With Maui, the prices are always high...but at the GW, they are outrageous, and the quality of the food was just not good at Bistro Molokini or the Volcano Bar. $25 for a cold, undercooked burger, a bag of Maui chips and a warm beer served by the horribly overworked pool wait staff was typical. We routinely went over to the 4 Seasons next door for breakfast because the food and service were excellent, and the prices were cheaper. The Kula Cafe had great food and the prices were sane The location was great, and we had excellent dinners at Ruths, Spago, Ferraros, Tommy Bahama Cafe, and Fire Dragon (mediocre) as well a few others farther away. Service ranged from disdainful/indifferent to excellent, depending on the situation. The attitude is pretty much one of "if you don't like this place, go away....there are 10 more in line", but there were a few people that were really nice and provided excellent service. The whole place was understaffed. At check in, it took us 45 minutes of standing in line, waiting on only 3 clerks. The whole place was dated, and worn out. Cracking stone, in the common areas, flagstone falling off, tile coming off the bond beams on the pools, etc. The hotel has obviously been really popular and looks like the hotels right around large convention centers that get enormous trade show traffic. The water features are cool, but the kids hated the line for the water elevator and ditched that after the first 2 or 3 times. The slides are long, and for safety's sake, the guards wait until the riders have cleared the bottom before sending the next rider. Unfortunately, this really makes the cycle time long and the lines are huge. My kids were sick of the waterslides after a day or two. I did get a charge out of the gamesmanship necessary to get coveted poolside chairs. If you aren't waiting in line by 6:45 and ready to get personal belongings onto the chairs as soon as you walk down, you are toast. There is an attendant walking around photographing "unattended" chairs to try to cut down on the "land grabs" but it is a tough job. In the summer, it must be completely nuts. My wife said that the Spa was terrific We went "for the kids" but they gave the GW "three thumbs down"