I've been to Maui a few times and usually stay at the Fairmont in Wailea. A few weeks ago, we decided to try the Grand Wailea since we heard it was the best hotel on the island. From the outside, the hotel looked very promising. The exterior was beautiful, the pools spectacular, and the beach access unbeatable. But from the moment we pulled up to the valet, we realized that the hotel was simply a body without a soul. As we pulled up, we had to wait a minute or so before we were "greeted" by a valet. In fact, we had already unloaded our bags before one of the valets finally showed up. As we walked into the lobby, the female greeter uninterestedly placed leis (sp ?) around our necks. She didnt even bother smiling. I contrast this with the warmth and friendliness that greeted us everytime we arrived at the Fairmont. We arrived at the hotel at approximately 3:30pm, which is about half an hour past the official check in time. However, our room was still not available and we were asked to simply wander about the hotel and were told that we would get a call on our cell phone when our room was ready. Half an hour later we still had not received a call and decided to go back to the front desk. After waiting a somewhat lengthy time to finally speak to a front desk person, we were told that our room was ready. Where was that phone call? When we got to our room, we were fairly unimpressed. The bathroom looked dated and the overall size was smaller than the rooms at the Fairmont. The pool area is truly the gem of this hotel. There are something like 10 pools and various slides and water attractions. However, if you're an adult, you might find the number of screaming kids a bit overwhelming. The hotel had a feel comparable to your average waterpark. Nevertheless, my friends and I still enjoyed the pool. The easy beach access was also a positive as it was just a few steps from the pool area. My biggest complaint about the hotel is the service, or lack thereof. There was none of the island love, or general hospitality that you would expect from a 5 star resort, or more importantly a hotel that costs 500-900 bucks a night. The staff members rarely smiled, they seemed bothered when you approach them with a question, and generally seem out of place at a high-end resort. None of the little touches were found at the Grand Wailea. For example, at the Fairmont, smiling pool side employees would frequently walk around handing out fresh pineapples. At the Marriott Ihilani in Oahu, they had a jolly guy walking around the pool spritzing cool water on the feet of hotel guests. Those little things are so important when you pay the kind of rates you pay at the Grand Wailea. The capper to our 5 day stay was the jack hammering that started at 7:30AM during the last 2 days of our stay. Imagine if you will, waking up in paradise to loud jack hammering...at 7:30 in the freaking morning. When we complained during the last day, they told us that they had left letters in our rooms telling us of the jackhammering. First, we didnt get a letter. Second, who cares if you they left a letter? Why not wait until a more reasonable time to start causing that kind of noise. Fortunately they decided to comp us one night which made the experience slightly more bearable. My last memory of the Grand Wailea was back in the valet. After the valet pulled up the car for the final time, he sat there and watched as my friends and I struggled to place the bags in our trunk. No offer to help. Needless to stay, I will never again stay at this hotel. I've warned my friends who are planning trips to Hawaii to stay away from this place. If this was a normal 200 dollar a night hotel, I really wouldnt have cared. But paying Grand Wailea rates for Motel 6 service is just unacceptable.