Grand Slam. Well my family 2 adults and 2 children ages 8 and 10 yrs stayed at the GW for eight days in the delux ocean view room. $510 per night. Check in went well we arrived early and the clerk offered a hospitality suite. Great idea! We ate at the Bistro and food was good but price was high. Once in the room we noticed a great amount of mold around the bathtub and on the grout in the shower. The room size was typical however the view was awesome. Thru our 8 day stay we noticed that the hallway carpet was not vacuumed same debris all week. In addition, room service items glasses, glass ice buckets etc were not picked up for several days. The room 8122 was next to a suite and I have to say it was quiet all nights. A for the pool, great concern for lack of pool personnel to keep area free of garbage and towels left on chairs. Since there was a huge inf lux of people by the pools it was difficult at times to find seating, especially in shade. The pools and theme is the best I have seen for a resort, however, I have to say, I was quite disappointed the type of guest and lack of social ettiquite. At times I felt as though I was at a beer drinkin redneck hillbilly barnyard event. At $510/night I expected a higher social class. The staff failed to demonstrate addressing the over abundance of screaming, running, and rudeness of out of control teenagers. The Wailea beach was perfect and it was a great escape from the waterpark atmosphere. Again it was a disappointment with the lack of cleanliness in the hallways and pool area for the money we were paying. Upon checkout we requested a late departure however, we were told that a VIP was coming into the suite next to our room and our room was part of their party. So as a result, we were unable to get the 4pm checkout. We left our baggage with bellmen and they put our belonings into storage. At the end of the day we were offered a hospiltality suite with a 30 to 45 min usage time. That is good but we really felt rushed into leaving the hotel. I paid my $3500.00 balance in cash and felt as though we are VIP'S too. The staff was not the best in customer service like expected for the money and resort of that stature. M.A. Cave Creek AZ. P.S We are not snivelers by nature, just expected more vlaue and service for paying top price.l