I had very high hopes for this hotel and was so looking forward to staying here, but then I met the staff. The staff at this hotel are in need of classes on customer servicce . Maybe teaching them to smile, say hello, how are you , may I help you eic.would help Here are my comments on my recent 5 night stay. Rooms- phone so dusty I wouldn't pick it up, ceiling fan full of dust, sliding doors so dirty I wouldn't touch them. I used an anti bacterial wipe on them and they came clean. Light switches dirt marks again cleaned myself, mildew in shower, a piece of something hanging off the wall still there when I left (room 6073). The sheets had a stain on them and were so worn that they had stubbies on them that hurt when rubbed against the skin. When I called to have these replaced I received a very cold response. At the Hyatt after a guest vacates a room it is dusted right up to the ceiling fan. This hotel needs to clean better after a guest leaves. Don;t waste your money on an ocean view room, the rooms that are garden level behind the pool area are in a great location, close to everything. Staff- For an expensive hotel the staff are horrible except for the restaurant staff, and the beach area staff. I had a problem with a rat outside my door. Yes a big old rat who wasn't afarid of me. Needless to say I put my suitcases in front of the door so he couldn't get in the bottom space. I let the front desk know because I felt that they needed to contact there pest control and let them do something about it. As I was speaking with a gentleman a young lady interrupted the converstaion to tell me that I didn't see a rat it was a cat! My nerves being shot at the time I informed her that I do know the difference between a cat and a rat and I saw a rat. I continue talking with the gentleman and again the peanut gallery decides I saw a mongoose not a rat, and again I informed her the it was a rat not a mongoose. She then proceeded to shake her head and act like I was nuts. I'm sorry but I do not want to see a rat outside my 700 door. I understand theres a problem with rats in Hawaii I just do not want to see it or be told I'm really seeing a cat or a mongoose instead of the rat I saw. Food Tthe breakfest buffet is terrible compared to the Marriott and the Hyatt. Food sits out with flys etc but the waitress was nice . I think it ws Mulligans where I really enjoyed the food Don't do the package deal with breakfest we did it and the waiter didn't realize and gave us a bill for 30 cheaper then what we had to pay. The he took it back when we told him and we go the higher bill Pools Adult pool is really hot and in need of major repairs. Its not just a few tiles ,its alot and it should be in great condition. theres no reason for poor maintence like that. If I wanted to sit in a pool with tiles missing I would've sat in my own pool thats scheduled for repairs for the missing, broken or mildew tile. The amount of chairs and places to sit were fine, however they were doing construction down by the rope swing and they had that part roped off. The beach was great except that need a waitress on it for drinks and food. I hated this resort because of the staff and the poor upkeep, I sent my kids here on their honeymoon 2 years ago and would never tell anyone to stay here again.