My wife and I have been to this hotel for now 10 times since 2000. We are actually "life members" which meant we paid the hotel a "entry fee" (multiple Ks) to become members. Unfortunately in the last two times, it pains me to have to write this review and mention that we have been disappointed with the service, and many other things. The hotel used to be Japanese owned, then got sold and managed by KSL Resorts (Arizona Biltmore, Hotel Coronado, etc.) The service went from really good to good. Unfortunately, although the service was good, the resort (aside from the rooms) have been left to show its age. No attention to details, it was clear that KSL was in it for money not service and experience. The mini mosaic tiles of the swimming pool have started to should mold, many of them are missing, the tiles from the "Grand Wailea" mosaic in front of Spa Grande are chipped and haven't been replaced in the last 1-2 years. Most of the wooden chairs around the pool haven't been treated with wood protection in years (they all look faded). This year, we learned that Hilton's "Waldorf Astoria" collection (which is a fancy name for not Hilton but not 5 star either) took over the management of the hotel. Now the service went from good to bad. Here are a few sample experiences: - at HumuHumunukunukuapua'a - one of the restaurants there - we came at 8pm to see if there was room - we were greeted by a hostess that clearly was overwhelmed by only two small groups that came without reservations - rather then arranging seating for us, she started to say "I don't how we are going to do this, these people came there are 4 of them, then these people (my wife and I) came as well, and also don't have a reservation". After 5 mins, managed to find us a seat. Then the waitress was definitely sub-par. She attended to us for the first 60% of our dinner and then clearly was gone after that. We found her chit-chatting with other waiters. We had to ask the bus boy for her twice, got our coffee from the bus boy and our check from him again. - At the beach, there were 8-10 umbrellas to rent for a resort of 780 rooms, that was a bit thin. All of them were taken for the day - bad planning on the resort's management. When asked multiple times for umbrellas or "cabanas" on the beach that seemed to be have emptied, we were told off and said "sorry even though the people have left" we can't rent them to you . - At the beach again, there was a loud siren which sounded like a warning for something like a tsunami or fire. After we asked what it was, two younger staff joked around that it was because of a shark, and then said that it was indeed for a test of the tsunami alert system - not a laughing matter - really. - At Kincha, the Japanese restaurant there. We had one waitress, and two waiters offer us drinks, which was great and then they all disappeared. Once we had waived two to three times we were able to get someone's attention. - At multiple occasions during lunch or at multiple places on the resorts, staff were playing or joking around so much so that they would interrupt most people's conversations - not really "five star" at all where staff are supposed to be present but unnoticeable. Otherwise, the hotel's pricing has gotten from bad to worse. The rooms are now close to $750-850 for a full ocean view. The cabanas around the pool are $225 per day. With a resort that isn't maintained or fixed up, a service that is sub-par and more like a 4 star - We would not recommend this hotel anymore. At these prices, go to Four Seasons or other resorts - the service can't be worse.