Our family stays at 5 star/apple resorts every year so we have apples to compare with this apple. To put it succinctly......the resort is outrageously pricey and does not provide the services the guests should be entitled to after already paying for overpriced rooms. Examples are the $14 hamburgers (not gourmet) at the pool side and a $26 breakfast buffet that is just so so, paying $120 or more per day for cabanas. ( Shade around the pool is at a premium). Customer service was stretching to make average. The spa was nice, but customer service in the spa and spa shop were surprisingly poor. Guest should not have to pay an $18.00 resort fee. The list goes on. The size of the room for the price was just okay. The bathroom is very nice, except we noticed that there was mold moderate mold in grouting between tiles in shower. The maid service did not clean the room well each day and we were tipping $7-8 each day. To worsen matters, the hotel put a hold of several thousand $$$ on our credit card even though, we had prepaid for our 8 day stay there. This turned out to be a major problem that took up too much of our vacation time to straighten out. In all fairness the manager, in the end gave us about a $500 credit for the inconvenience after I insisted they credit us for one nights stay. This was a compromise. It took them 3 days to get the matter corrected. Then we had smoke from the adjoining room coming through the cracks of the door between the two rooms. I have a serious lung condition and notified the front desk about the cigarette smoking in a non-smoking area. Their solution was to offer to move us to another room. I responded no, we were not going to waste anymore of our vacation time resolving problems they create.....a better solution would be to notify the other guest and ask them to desist from smoking or to move them. Again, poor customer service. In the end they put a air ionizer in our room. Thankfully, we were leaving the next day. What's good about this place? The grounds are stunningly beautiful, a great stretch of beach connected to the resort and the artwork throughout the resort is magnificent! The bathroom area is a plus for size and design. This kind of beauty can be experienced for less $$$ and with staff that treat you like royalty, or at least a valued guest. Hint.....If you do visit this resort, try eating breakfast at the restaurant next door at the Wailea shoppes. It's very good and won't cost you an arm & a leg. Generally speaking, food away from the resort is reasonably priced and I recommend dinner at the golf course up the road. Very nice! We also ate at the Four Seasons. The dinner was was wonderful and the service was perfect!!!!