My husband and I stayed at the Makena for four nights during the first week of October. The antispetic lobby was anything but welcoming. If I were to stand on one side of the lobby and yell, "Echo," it would have reverberated through the entire floor. A few suggestions, this is Maui, spruce up the lobby with plants, flowers, anything tropical and gorgeous. Add a little music. Perhaps add a small lobby bar. Anything to add a little charm would be a good change. We checked into our room and realized that it did not fit our reservation - it was neither ocean front nor renovated. The following morning we requested a room change to meet our original reservation. They did move us to an ocean front and apparently, a renovated room. I was curious as to what they renovated - perhaps they changed the bed linens and replaced the television sets? Neither of the rooms looked anything like the renovated rooms on the website. The overall feel of the bathroom reminded me of the dank basement we had in the 1970s - the original flimsy wood doors were maintained (throughout the unit), the tiling was old and depressing, and the shower flooded everytime we stepped in. The breakfast buffet was one of two good points. The staff was extremely friendly, really on top of things, and the food was delicious. We found the best views in the hotel to be in the breakfast room. Unfortunately, that was also the lunch and dinner room as the main restaurant was closed. We were told it was a temporary close as it had flooded but from reading other reviews - sounds like the close lasted longer than two weeks. The second of two good points was the beach area - beautiful, pristine, and quiet. It was the perfect place to spend a relaxing late afternoon watching the sunset. We genuinely felt as far from the busier parts of Maui as we were. Yes, we did get a great deal to stay at this hotel, however, it was not enough of a deal. My husband and I are in our mid-30's and wanted a relaxing, semi-luxurious hotel to prepare for a new baby on the way. Makena felt more like a resort for college travelers or people on a very fixed budget (backpackers, etc.) that have few other alternatives. I hate to say it, but in the evenings, the lobby felt like the one from a famous movie in which the main character slips into a deep depression and attempts to hurt his family - yes, you know the one. Makena, you have a gorgeous piece of land, but perhaps knock the building down and start over.