We booked this expecting an experience similar to that of a resort in Mauritius, but were highly disappointed. On our arrival in the afternoon, we got a nice sea shell lei and then we entered a sparsely decorated reception with no welcome drink and in our case - no one at reception. We asked the concierge to call someone so that we could check in and he told us just to wait. Having just arrived from Oahu where service was an 11 out of 10, we were surprised at the lack of urgency. After about 5 minutes, a lady graced us with her presence and checked us in without an apology or a smile. Not a good start. The hotel was extremely quiet - we felt like the only guests, which can be a good thing, but this was more of a sad quiet. we understand that this is the quieter side of Maui but we landed up leaving everyday to find food and entertainment elsewhere. The hotel has apparently changed hands and was formerly the Maui Prince. It's clearly still struggling to find it's feet. Our room was nice and big and the view was good. There was however a major lack of entertainment and ambience. There's no music, sparse decor and a general lack of friendliness unless you happen to frequent the restaurant or pool area. Food at the pool and restaurant is outstanding and it's a pity that there aren't more people coming to the hotel to eat. We left every night to eat elsewhere where entertainment or live music is generally always included. The food at this hotel is miles better than the Hula Grill's though. The beach here is great and while snorkeling, we even got to see sea turtles on 2 out of 2 occasions. My other complaint however is that at a resort, I don't expect to have to pay $20 a day for a beach umbrella. This makes the choice of visiting other beaches easier as you don't get an umbrella there either. So what incentivises guests to stay here at this resort? Not much really. When the term "resort" is used in a name, I expect to not have to travel anywhere else as everything should be at my finger tips at a resort. Not here. During happy hour, california rolls are half price. We and a couple on a table next to us, ordered them and they came out in under 5 minutes. Very good california rolls I may add. When we and the other table both ordered a second round of drinks and sushi, we waited until 15 minutes before the end of happy hour to get it. The impression here was that they didn't want us to take advantage of happy hour and would rather have us stop ordering. In my experience, a place this quiet wants to move as much product as possible to keep the guest at the resort, spending at the resort. In our case, it was an attitude of we don't need your money so spend it elsewhere - which is exactly what we did. Which is sad really as this hotel has so much potential. If only management and staff could see what they're doing and what they're competing with down the road at any of the other resorts, maybe then this "resort" could be a contender.