The one and only redeeming quality of the Makena Beach Resort is its location. The southwest coast of Maui is breathtaking and serene. Most of the year the waters are calm due to the prevailing easterly trades, so kayaking and snorkeling in the area are accessible for people of all comfort levels and the lava fields offer some spectacular hiking trails for all skill levels as well. Now for my review of the resort itself, which was impressively bad. I arrived at 9:30 pm on a Friday night and I'm pretty sure there was only one person working in the entire resort. There was a couple checking in before me and I waited while the front desk clerk checked them in, then got their bags, then apparently valet parked their car. 15 minutes later she helped me and was relatively friendly although clearly frazzled. While checking in I was educated about the $25 per day resort charge that was somehow not included in the room rate. I asked if this was an optional charge and was told it was not, that every guest was required to pay the resort fee. If that's the case why not simply add it to the room rate? This was a bad start. I arrived to my room and found it damp with a strong odor of mildew. The room was so humid that everything felt wet, from the carpet to the bed linens to the towels. The room looked as if it had not been updated in decades, as a result I felt like I had walked onto the set of Caddyshack (circa 1980). The wood veneer was peeling off all the furniture, the paint was chipping off the walls and ceiling in the bathroom, and the tv was a 27" CRT. When I went to plug in my phone charger behind the nightstand, there was literally 1/2 inch of dust buildup along the entire back wall behind the bed. The final offense was when I turned on my computer to do some work only to find out the in room internet costs $16 per day. All of this would be okay if I were staying at a Motel 6 in Lubbock, TX for $39 a night, but this is a place that bills itself as a 4 star resort and charges close to $300 a night for their most basic room. Totally unacceptable. I strongly advise avoiding the Makena Beach and Golf Resort, there are much better options to be found close by.