This hotel used to be known as the Maui Prince hotel, but since it was facing foreclosure, the new investors took over and changed the name to the Makena Resort. The only visible investment made in the hotel was the beds/linens. They are very similar to the Hyatt beds and actually quite comfortable. But overall, the resort is less than stellar. Our airline put us here for two free nights due to oversold flights, and we debated paying to move to a better hotel down the street. If you want a "budget" hotel on the beach, then I suppose this hotel would work for you. Keep in mind the word "budget" when you set your expectations. Hotel Rooms: Large and spacious with very tired furnishings (except the beds). The King rooms have a pull out couch. The balconies are furnished with the 80's versions of patio furniture. Visibly - the hotel rooms offer nothing more than a place to rest your head. (Wifi is $15 a day). They do have a mini fridge by the way. Beach: The beach is fine. There are lounge chairs you can use to lay out with. There is no beach service for food or drinks. I recommend buying drinks and a cooler to bring with you. This hotel provides towels through a "towel card program". Restaurant: They have one of the worst buffet breakfasts I have ever tried. La Quinta and Hyatt Place hotels provide a better quality breakfast free of charge. Makena charges $25 per person for the buffet (and the a' la carte menu is $16-$20 each). Their big item for breakfast was "make your own waffles" in those machines kids use in college. Do yourself a favor and take the free shuttle to the Fairmont Hotel, Grand Wailea, or our favorite The Four Seasons for mind blowing food and service (each of those breakfasts are $30-$35 per person and completeley worth it). FOOD AND BEVERAGE at the Makena resort is a HUGE letdown. We ended up taking the free shuttle to Subway for breakfast down at the Shops at Wailea. Overall, I would NEVER recommend this hotel, because I know that for $50-$100 more a night you can upgrade to a much better quality hotel which would greatly impact your travel experience. Do your research and check around. I can't imagine coming to all the way to Hawaii to stay in this dump.