We just got back from our 9 day honeymoon in Maui and for the first 6 nights we stayed at the Sheraton Maui in Kaanapali which was ABSOLUTELY THE BEST HOTEL EVER! For the last 2 days my husband and I thought it would be nice to see another side of the island so we trusted the travel agent in picking the Maui Prince. BAD IDEA! We arrive to a hotel that is absolutely dead! They immediately checked us in, and she proceeded to give us our room when I told her that we were a honeymoon couple and if there were any upgrades possible (note that Pleasant Holidays has a thing they print out on our check in slip that says please give guests one free upgrade as they are honeymoon couple). She seemed irritated, and was gone for 10 minutes before she told us she would upgrade us from a partial oceanview room to a full oceanview room. Fine I guess, however, the Sheraton Maui upgraded us from same type room all the way up to an oceanview suite and there hotel was packed versus the empty Maui Prince, so I didn't get the logic, but I'm not going to complain on a free upgrade. We get in the room and you can barely see the ocean! It has a weird odor in it, the tv is so small you can barely lay on the bed and watch it, and there wre only 2 drawers for clothes- mind you we had tons of clothes so we just kept them in our bags. We ended up eating dinner out of the hotel at The Grand Wailea at HumuHumu, which I suggest to everyone!!!! The next mroning I woke up with a cold so we decided since the hotel was so slow, we would just stay in the room all day. We went down for breakfast at the grill they have and decided on the buffet for $24.95 each. Which is fine, that is what we had paid at Sheraton (actualyl we didn't, our package at Sheraton gave us breakfast for 2 free all 6 days, GREAT!) First of all, waitress was extremely rude, and she served no purpose at this hotel. There was a machine inside for Orange Juice and coffee, with the smallest glasses I have ever seen, so you basically serve yourself. The food was fine, nothign like the Sheraton, but there were maybe 5 other people dining at 9 in the morning, I thought that was odd and showed us how slow the hotel was. We went to the store to get me some cold medice and figured since the maid was in the room next to ours when we left, she would have cleaned the room up by the time we got back. WRONG! We came back about an hour later, so maid in sight, and the room hadn't been touched. I just wanted to lay down so my husband was kind and made the bed and cleaned up the room for us. Finally by 3 (serveral hours later) I called the housecleaning department to bring us up some towels. 4 rolls around, NO MAID! I finally went downtwains to front desk and told them about them not cleaning our room and she said that was really weird and asked if we had a do not disturb sign on and I said no we hadn't, we had just been forgotten. She said she would send some towels up right away. Within 15 minutes towels for finally broughten up, with no offer to clean teh room. I just couldn't believe it! We ended up giong down to the pool so I coudl lay in the sun and nap and hopefully the heat would help my cold. Yet again, NO ONE ELSE AROUND! I have never seen a pool so empty in Maui in my life. I geuss its great if you don't want a lot of noise, but at the same token, I'm not understanding why we weren't offered a better room considered we spent over $400 on the room we already had. The next day we got up early and left and decided to never stay there again! Its a great hotel if you like really quiet, but for us, we like quiet, but the option to go to a nice bar with people around for background noise. This hotel was sucha huge letdown, we just laughed it off and told our families of our trials at the hotel. If you are looking for somewhere to stay, try Sheraton Maui, every single employee there greated us friendly and helped us in any way possible.