I just got back from a long weekend in this hotel with my wife and daughter. At $400 a night, I expected at least a 4 star experience. What we got wasn't even close. First of all, don't be fooled by the intentionally misleading "ocean view prime" room. I specifically asked my travel agent for an ocean view, and he understandably thought I was getting one by booking "ocean view prime." Turns out we were on the 2nd floor looking at the pool and could barely see the ocean over the trees (if we stood on the deck and looked to the right). I complained, and they told me I wanted "ocean front" which would cost $90 extra per night. After checking, they told me they had none available. They offered to move me up a couple floors facing the same pool. That helped a little, but definitely not what I bargained for. And the front desk guy was getting impatient with me, as if I was asking too much. So we went down to the pool to get some food. The pool, by the way, is a joke. Its a small circle of a pool. Nothing you would expect at a nice resort. And here is the best part . . . there are two hot tubs next to the pool that are the above-ground kind you would buy at Sears. At a Holiday Inn I wouldn't complain. But for $400 a night, gimme a break! After sitting for 15 minutes at the pool bar, someone finally came by and asked if we were being helped. We asked how the $18 shrimp cocktail was. We were told not to get it. The shrimp was purchased pre-cooked and came in a bag, and wasn't worth the money. I appreciated the honesty, but I would rather pay $18 for quality. The next morning we went to the overpriced breakfast buffet. Its very basic. The cream cheese was actually covered in mold. My wife pointed this out and they replaced it, but again, no attention to detail. After 2 nights at the hotel, we decided to move over to the Four Seasons which was only slightly more expensive. When I checked out of the Maui Prince they told me they were still going to charge me for the 3rd night as a "penalty" for early check out, and the $100 credit I received for incidentals for a 3-night stay wouldn't apply. Smoke was coming out of my ears at this point. The desk clerk told me all this without even checking with a manager. She told me she would have the manager call my cell phone. An hour later, the desk clerk (not the manager) called me back and told me she spoke with the manager and the decision was final. This time I insisted on speaking with the manager. The manager told me she was going to charge me the 3rd night because my problem with the "ocean view prime" room was my travel agen't fault, not theirs. My travel agent, according to the manager, should have known better. I got her to give up on shafting me out of the $100 credit for incidentals, but not the $400/night penalty charge. I know there are a number of positive reviews on this message board. I am baffled to see that. Something tells me the folks who write nice reviews work for the hotel. At the Four Seasons, the staff is intensely focused on making sure guests are happy at all times. I felt like the opposite was true at the Maui Prince. A few other notes: -- The hotel is clearly early 80s vintage, and is in desperate need of a facelift. -- We had to ask 3 times to get a crib. -- There were some "salty dogs" at the pool bar who were clearly not guests and were there as friends of the bartender. They were loud and cussed a lot. That just added to our wonderful experience eating pool side. - The Four Seasons, the Grand Wailea and the Fairmont are all right near the Prince, and are all much nicer without having to pay much more.