This was our first trip to the Hawaiian Islands. Our expectations for the Maui Prince were based somewhat on two stays we've had at Mexican resorts in the Caribbean over the past 10 years. Both of those occasions were very good experiences, marked with polite, responsive, and respectful service throughout our stay and from all levels. This in turn was the kind of service we expected at the Maui Prince, and certainly for the price. But at one time or another we were disappointed -- from the front desk, to the on-site restaurants, to personnel at the pool and beach, to the valet. If the service wasnt generally indifferent, it was outright rude and disrespectful. The first night at check-in, our dates of stay were incorrect by the hotel system. First the clerk said that we would have to pay for an extra nights stay because of the change. We produced travel documents showing the correct dates to which the un-empowered clerk said wed have to talk to a manager-- who had gone home for the evening. We got it resolved the next day, but there was no genuine apology for the hotels mistake or any effort to make up for it (just indifference). We didn't want to have to spend our time resolving problems like that. Next, the on site restaurants were never open at convenient times, some closing at 5:00 PM (which is about dinner time where we come from). So one late afternoon, my wife went to the pool to get something for dinner, and was told sorry, were about to close; yet other people were still eating and drinking. As she walked away she checked the time on her cell phone and saw that it was 4:45 PM. She went back and showed the time. They took her order, but again, there was no genuine apology  just indifference. Then at the beach, a beautiful beach by the way, there is a snorkel boat that leaves and returns every few hours. For anyone who is around the beach for any length of time, never mind a few days, the boats activity is readily obvious and its visits and departures are no big deal; it moves at a snails pace. For overblown safety reasons, we suppose, the people who charter it feel the need to shout about to people to be on the lookout for the boat and Do you Understand!? Im thinking: Were just walking down the beach; theres no need to shout at us; its disruptive to an otherwise quiet beach. And whatever happened to Excuse Me, Please, and Thank You as opposed to barking Commands at bystanders and strollers who are paying to vacation at the beach?? Finally, the Valet; theyre just plain rude; barking commands to people like at a boot camp, instead of treating people like they are vacationing at a high-priced resort. The rest of this review is to affirm what is stated in many other reviews: the bathrooms in particular are run-down and in serious need of refurbishing. Our bathroom was really dirty (cob webs under the sink counter, old dark-colored dirty water marks across the ceiling that looked to be from years of accumulation, mold in the showers, peeling wall paper and some gross, rusting metal at the overhead fire sprinkler. For the price, this is a 2/5 or 3/5 hotel at best. Plus keep in mind, you get indifferent and rude service too! The Maui Prince is a definite No; a definite Avoid.