We chose to stay at the Maui Prince hotel for our Honeymoon this October. We had already been to the Prince property on the Big Island (Hapuna Prince, where we were married), and were so pleased with that experience, I expected the same type of accommodations and experience at the Maui Prince... I was wrong. Saying the rooms are dated is an UNDERSTATMENT. The bathrooms are atrocious. Shower-tubs with shower curtains, cheap early 80's beige tiles, and those horrible removable shower heads that offer no pressure whatsoever. They boast ocean-views from every room... that is true, except we had to lean ALL THE WAY over our Lanai to see the Ocean... what we saw were primarily trees. The grounds of the hotel were nice, and the ponds were lovely to look at; but since you really don't want to spend too much time IN the common areas of the hotel, it doesn't make for much of a difference. While the beach was decent (snorkeling was just okay; you have to swim out pretty far to see anything of interest), the pool was horrible. I think our pool at home was larger. As far as the clubhouse is concerned, it is not within easy walking distance... you need to take a shuttle. The food there was greasy and unappealing. The hotel restaurants were okay, but given the price, I would have expected more (yes, I know food is expensive on the Islands, but you are better off going to the shops at Wailea for food). Soup was delivered cold, and service was slow. Yes, there is considerable construction noise. The plus side of not having a room with a better ocean view was that we were further from the construction site, but when on the beach, you hear it... all day long. There is no mention of that when making your reservations. Also, our room backed into their service delivery alley. So, at night and in the morning, you can hear the trash being picked up and taken away (also, bottle breaking, vehicles backing up, etc.) While I was not their on business, I did need to use a computer to check in for our return flight home; no business center. Only two computer terminals for the whole hotel, and they charge you a ridiculous $15.00 for 8 min of use; the printer didn't even work, and the concierge was clueless as to how to fix it. Staff were relatively friendly, but when complaints were made, all that we received were apologies... no action. In hindsight, I would have much rather stayed in Kaanapali or somewhere else in Wailea. I consider this property to be an embarrassment to the Prince name. My recommendation is for the Hapuna Prince on the Big Island, but to avoid the Maui Prince all together; you will find your money better spent at another location. I have been in newer hospitals that have better decor and more up to date facilities than this location.