Every February for 6 years, a group of friends have vacationed together at the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel on The Big Island. Because of the earthquake, our annual destination hotel closed. We thought this would be a good time to try another island. We also thought that we would be safe trying the Mauna Kea's sister hotel, The Maui Prince. We had a fabulous trip but I thought a few comments might help others. First of all, the hotel is very clean and peacefully located far enough away from the commercial centers to enjoy the peace of Hawaii. However, it is still close enough to get to other restaurants and shopping. Other reviewers have mentioned that the hotel is run-down. This is true. It is quiet and clean but the price per room was close to the internet price at the Four Seasons a few doors down. We dined at The Four Seasons and we all agreed we wished we had reserved our rooms at this beautiful property. The staff at the Maui Prince, with a few exceptions, seemed angry. At lunch by the pool one day, one of the ladies in my party asked for Swiss cheese instead of Pepper Jack Cheese on a sandwich. The waitress sighed angrily. I laughed and said "I guess this isn't Burger King". She snapped, "It just makes it hard on the cook." I know this seems minor but the pervasive attitude was as if we were the unwelcome and uninvited relatives disrupting everyone's schedules. At least we were able to laugh consistently and have a good time. We heard that this hotel was just bought out by another group so possibly there are job security questions floating around. Who knows? It is a far cry from the rich tradition of the Mauna Kea where the employees appeared to own the place reflected in their pride of service. Also to note, the Maui Prince is set away from the beach so enjoying the beach is an effort. Don't pick the bfast buffet package unless it makes extreme financial sense. Actually the package ended up costing a little bit more based on menu prices rather than buying your own bfast. The food quality at this hotel is excellent, the property is clean, and the location is good nonetheless we will not return to the Maui Prince because there are nicer properties in the same price range and sure to be staffs with more pleasant attitudes. The customer is not always right at The Maui Prince.