... but I'm afraid I can't recommend the Maui Prince. 1) As other posters have pointed out, the rooms badly need an update. Our room (#249) featured all the telltale signs of a hotel awaiting remodel: unsightly scuff marks on the walls, chipped and scratched closet doors, discolored bathroom tile, etc. Staff keeps the facilities clean enough, but the problems that exist are beyond the scope of chambermaids. (Although one note about those maids: At the beginning of our stay, I spied a dead insect under the desk while plugging in my Blackberry adapter. When I unplugged the adapter six days later, the bug was still there. I suppose at that point I could have disposed of the thing, but I wasn't in the most charitable mood by then.) 2) Restaurant prices are sky-high all over Maui, but the Prince deserves a special booby prize for its daily breakfast buffet. My wife and I, with our six-year-old daughter in tow, made the mistake of eating there several times (I know, we were asking for trouble, but it's a 10-minute drive to any resort in Wailea, which isn't necessarily what we felt like doing at 8 in the morning). The total charge was $60, which seemed awfully high considering a spread that was OK but certainly not spectacular by resort standards. But what really steamed me was the dual pricing scheme for "hot" and "cold" breakfasts, especially for kids. Our daughter picked at some cereal and fruit, which kept her on the "cold" side priced at $8. But when she sipped a bit of miso soup, the price suddenly climbed to $12 -- for the "hot" breakfast. I complained first to the waiter and then to Scott, the assistant manager, who listened sympathetically, said my feedback was important -- and then did absolutely nothing except invite me to join the Prince's loyalty program. Memo to management: If I'm going to pay you $23 per adult for a mediocre buffet, do you mind if my kid eats for free? Or would you prefer that families go somewhere else? (NB: Hapuna Beach Prince, the Maui Prince's sister property on the Big Island, has a superior buffet -- that's included in the room price!) 3) Service is uneven throughout the hotel. One day, we searched in vain for someone, anyone, to offer service by the pool. The towel kiosk was vacant. To order drinks, my wife had to retrieve a waitress from the restaurant inside the hotel ("We're understaffed," the hostess complained.) Scott, the assistant manager, promises that the hotel recently hired a new food & beverage manager who will help prevent such miscues. But this person will have his hands full: during our second dinner at the Prince Court, the hotel's signature fine-dining restaurant, we alerted our server, as the appetizers were arriving, that we still had no napkins. She looked at our laps and said: "Oh, that's not good, is it?" No, at these prices, it sure isn't. 4) One seemingly minor point that actually seriously hampers enjoyment of the resort: The property is very poorly illuminated. Apparently to save money, management has installed only path lights on the cobblestone walk tracing the perimeter of the resort. The tall palms on the property cry out for low-angle floods but remain shrouded in darkness. As a result, at night the grounds seem uninviting and even a little scary. Most folks wouldn't feel safe walking around alone outside the main building or parking lot -- it's just too dark. Assistant manager Scott offered two reasons for the lack of light: 1) Maui has codes restricting bright lights (someone should tell that to the Grand Wailea, which is lit up like a Christmas tree) and 2) the hotel needs to upgrade its electrical service. Whatever the case, the hotel needs to lighten up. Don't get me wrong: The Maui Prince has many virtues, including a prime beach location, proximity to many activities, and relatively reasonable room rates. Once we got outside our room and enjoyed what the island had to offer, we had a blast. But the resort itself was a major disappointment -- and unless management gets on the ball, we won't go back.