We stayed at the Maui Prince Hotel for 6 nights on August 4-10th and thought we got a deal of $180/nt. for an oceanview room. The reservation, front desk and housekeeping staff were great! But our room was worn and outdated back to 1984, but clean at least. An oceanview room doesn't mean "full oceanview", just that you can see some of it. I wonder what the Partial Oceanview category meant, does someone have to hang by their belt to see the Pacific? The room was noisy because it was located in the elevator foyer and the building design meant voice echos from anyone who uses the elevators (avoid those rooms). The radio and alarm clock did not work for what seems since the 90's and the most interesting was that the shower was nothing more than a short rubber hose that you wash dogs with. It was funny at first to hear the adventure my 6'3" boyfriend had trying to wash anything above his chest with a 5'5" length of hose. The next morning we were put on waitlist for one of the few rooms that had a western height shower. Nothing was available for the entire week. The plumbing system is all connected and outdated since your shower will get cold and hot when anyone in one of the 500 rooms flushes a toilet, which is a constant temperature fluxuation, not sexy. Plus, you hear every hotel room guest fighting with the plumbing's groaning and squealling sounds, that were NOT sounds of a honeymoon. The tiny hotel pool water was sickenly pee warm and murky, the hottubs never worked even though the staff was notified daily. The beautiful beach had dangerous and sharp boards with nails floating in the water and on shore, that the staffed didn't haul away even when asked by myself. The staff instead tossed them back into the water when they thought no one was looking. The Prince Court fine dining restaurant had the smallest food portions for such high prices and the staff had no clue how to serve in a fine dining restaurant. When I politely mentioned the tiny "easybake oven" food portions for $34, I was told, "you should have ordered something else" and "That's the way it is" before our server walked off in the near empty restaurant. Simple, common sense was not available that night, no wonder the place was empty. The hotel and beach are beautiful and has so much potential, but needs a complete renovation and update, and the staff need to be trained to a service level of the nearby luxury resorts if the Prince wants to compete. The Maui Prince Hotel is nice, but no longer upscale or luxury, and should not promise to offer what it can no longer deliver. A tarished, outdated original "Grand Dame" hotel that deperately needs a facelift. sad.