After spending 5 nights at the Prince Maui, my wife and I were left with the feeling that it could have been so much better with a few simple things being done that other hotels of the same class all seem to manage. When you arrive, I expect a real flower garland not some cheap sea shell made in the phillipines. A glass of something fizzy to welcome you would be nice. A customer relations manager to take your round the hotel on arrival so you know where everything is. We were on a wedding anniversary trip, so some sort of effort would have been nice on the hotels part. Fruit basket, something. I do not expect to have to pay $18 a day to have an umbrella on the beach. Personal attention, even if its something silly like asking if we need our sunglasses cleaning when by the pool.. it does make a difference. The hotel needs a refit, the pool is tiny, the spa is a joke, they need to sort out a proper beach service, cheap and nasty sun loungers don't cut it. After speaking to people on Maui basically allot of things I've mentioned were there once like a proper Maui welcome, but the human resources manager has cut them all out trying to cut costs. Anyone with any brains gets fired, she doesn't want to feel bettered by anyone. So while the head office is happy with the cost cuts the clients leave unimpressed and unhappy. Staff morale is very low, although we found staff friendly. Lots of people have left the hotel. Others are trying to go to the four seasons, which i think is the best hotel on the island at the moment. The idea of the Mau Prince being away from everything is a good one but the hotel isn't upto the job. They should look at other hotels like Legends in Mauritius who do the same but a lot better. In the end over our five night stay we didn't eat once in the hotel restaurants which you may think is a shame but when you see that you are paying an extra for everything, even internet access(!), you don't want to spend anymore in the hotel. So we ate most nights at the four seasons and at Wailea.