We stayed here 7-12th February 2004.Location: The hotel is out on its own but I don't think that really matters - we didnt even have a car, but used the free hotel bus to take us to the shops at wailea and the other hotels on a daily basis - you can even ring them up once you have finished your meal.The beach is amazing and in a 15 minute walk you can also reach Big Beach which is one of the most photographed beaches. The beach hut is a rip off - about $20 a day to hire snorkel and fins - you can go to a shop at the shops at waliea and you pay less than that for a full weeks hire! The sunbeds are free on the beach but if you want a cabana which is basically a bit of cloth providing some shade you have to pay ?15 a day - i though this was scandalous - nobody uses them. I complained to the hotel as we have a 6 month old baby so the beach was off limits to us alot of the day as there was no shade - the hotel said its a separate company (yet you can charge hire eqpt to your room...) Free beds and cabanas at the pool - a few reviewers have mentioned the pool is small - it never crossed my mind.Food: very expensive at hotel and in maui, you can easily spend 200 dollars on a meal (four seasons) and $110 in the hotel for two people. My main gripe with the maui prince is that you come to hawaai and you expect to be able to sit outside to have your food - all evening restaurants and the one bar are all inside - thats why the molokini bar is deserted - who wants that. The cafe where you have breakfast in teh morning is outdoors, i dont know why that cant be opened up at night - the setting is very nice. We ate at the hakone japenese buffett - it was ok, nothing amazing. we ate twice at the four seasons, spago and another one outside (italian) - both were amazing food, amazing service. Longis is good for breakfast at the shops at waliea, tommy bahamas good for lunch and the seawatch restaurant at the g9olf course is very good.We did the early morning snorkel trip to Molokini from the hotel and that was excellent - we saw whales on the way out.the hotel and rooms are very very dated, it feels like the 1970's. Then you go to another hotel and see what a resort hotel is all about - if you have the cash - dont stay here, stay at the four seasons. Th maui prince has the scenery, the beach, great spot, the grounds, but outdated decor and no outside dining let it down