We have been to Maui about 9 times. We travel a lot and I have only written two reviews both positive, however this one is not. We always take our two kids 8 and 11. We have stayed all over the island, the Westin, the Sheraton, Kaanapali Alii, among a few others. We decided to stay here because it is right near some very nice beaches, Kapalua and Naipili Bay and we got to use my husbands point from work travel. So I will start with the good, there is good food all around and the beaches are a shuttle ride away, 5-7 min. The Valet and bell guys could not be nicer or more helpful....in fact if it were not for them this hotel would get 1 star from me. They should be promoted to management! They definitely balanced out the fact that we ran into so many women ( i hate to say it because I am one) who were anything but nice. I felt like most the time they had a distinct flavor of us not wanting to bother them. That is a nice seq-way into the bad---the women who is the "head valet" was not nice at all. In fact she was rude. We stayed five nights, after several attempts on out part to try to be nice she just could not be bothered. Asking her for towels for the shuttle to go to the beach was super uncomfortable, it was almost as if she was so irritated that she barely would give any eye contact. I actually felt sorry for her, I know that customer service is hard, but come on!! I find this really annoying, considering the amount of money we shelled out for this hotel. Not only that I live in a very touristy place (San Diego) so I know about tourists, yet I never give people attitude just for being a "tourist" super LAME!!! There are other instances but I wont make this any longer. Another thing about this hotel was not a favorite of mine was the pool or the lack of it. It was probably the lamest pool I have been to at this level of hotel. I feel like this hotel is for older people who like to golf? It is super windy so there were barely any people at the pool ever. I mean windy, like grab your hat and any book you might be reading. Along with that, the attempt to have a kids area is lame as well... We planned our vacay for half up in West Maui and the rest in south Maui at Grand Walilea. (which you should do!) So we left and I realized we left our camera. Our 1000 dollar HD sony camera, I call the hotel when we got back yesterday and the security officer grills me about my room number and then tells me well it doesn't matter anyway no on has turned that camera in. OK> well as of now I have a call in to the manager and I am hoping to receive a call saying they have my camera. I will let you know. I think at this level stealing from guest should be highly unlikely, that's what I am hoping for. My advice, if you are older and you like very windy pools and dont mind attitude for the thousands of dollars you are spending stay here, if not stay somewhere else, but dont miss those beaches!!! Its too bad too, I really wanna like this place, but the people make the difference. Once we got to the Grand Walilea we got no attitude, in fact everyone was so nice. Not once did I feel I was getting the stink eye!! I know its pricy but its worth it for me.