This hotel had a lot of issues with it, some of which wouldn't bother me in a hotel which wasn't supposed to be a luxury hotel but certainly are major strikes against paying any kind of a price premium for it. - Extremely indifferent staff. People frequently seemed bored or unhappy to be there. I'm outgoing, so I'm pretty used to being engaged with folks. I don't even mind deferential distance. This was just indifference. We had a waiter at the pool who was continually looking around bored for the minute he was taking our order, others who just seemed unhappy or unwilling to help us with any kind of problem. - Noise. Our room was over the golf course, and they start grooming with power equipment at 5:30 AM. Every day. Within 100 feet of the window. Shut the windows in this hotel, and you might as well be in Cleveland. - Decor and layout is bland and unoriginal. The restaurant didn't even have outdoor seating of any kind. - No direct beach access, or beach services. If you want a beach towel, they will loan you one, but you have to haul it to the beach yourself. There is a shuttle, but we spent 1/2 hour in a parking lot waiting for the ride back to the hotel. We could rent a chair and bill it to the room, but it wasn't through the Ritz and it wasn't included in the $20 a day "Resort Fee" they will stack on top of the bill. - Concierge seemed unwilling or unable to help booking anything that wasn't part of the resort. When asked for restaurant recommendations, one could only name two restaurants, both within the extended resort. (And even then, they couldn't get a table; we walked in to eat at the bar and got seated in two minutes.) When we wanted to book a dive tour, another concierge informed us that is was too late and all of them would be closed. We called from the room, and got it done no problems. Overall, there are a lot of less expensive options in Maui that will be a lot more fun, and better ways to spend your money if you want to go all out. Not recommended.