There is a reason why this property only has a 78% rating. This is one of the lowest-rated Ritz Carlton properties in the world. As I have had many previous positive experiences with the Ritz, I will try to be as fair as possible when describing our stay at Kapalua to future travelers. I don't normally write reviews, however, I was so disappointed by our experience that I felt compelled to fill in others of what to expect from this property. From my personal experience, I agree with the low ratings for the following reasons: - When we arrived at the front desk, our first impression was disappointing at best. The staff was untrained to the point of absurdity. The front desk attendant took a personal phone call while checking us in. The manager, Vany, was dismissive to the point of being insulting. They gave us conflicting information on pricing of club level access, and in the end, they decided their club level access was booked until December, according to Vany. Right....we checked on our computer once we settled in, and surpise, surprise, club level access was available online....hmmm. - The ocean view suite that we booked was a room that faced a mountain with an ominous cloud hovering over it all day. About one quarter of the resort faces this mountain and you can only see the ocean by standing on the most outward corner of the lanai. If you do decide to book here, please avoid odd numbers in the residential wing, as it will look onto Mordor (please reference Lord of the Rings if unfamiliar.) We truly questioned how such a depressing view could exist on Maui. I went back to the front desk to ask for an ocean view suite with a view of AT LEAST the pool, and they said they were completely booked. Uggh...we suffered for a few more hours and went back to the front desk to speak with a new attendant. She must have liked us, because she was able to find an ocean view suite with a pool AND ocean view for us the next day. -Once we arrived in our new room, we were much happier with our view. No longer depressed, we made our way to the beach. It is a beautiful beach, however, there is no food or drink service available on or near the beach. (Please note: They do offer food and drink service at the pool.) - We eventually made our way to the bar and were again surprised by the lack of "Ritz Carlton" service. The bartender was stressed out and asked "Can I help you?" in a tone that implied anything but....The wait staff seemed stressed and not so friendly. And in response to another reviewer regarding tips improving service, we are generous tippers (20-35%) and this did not help... - At other Ritz properties, we have always been greeted by name, and that did not happen here EXCEPT for the Terrace Restaurant for breakfast. They provided GREAT service and reminded us of what "Ritz" service means...I know that sounds a bit ridiculous, however, when you spend money on a five star hotel, you expect five star service. - The location can be considered good or bad depending on what you like to do. If you plan to stay at the resort for the extent of your stay, then it will work well for you. The food at the resort is good, a bit over-priced, but reasonably so. If you like to go to different restaurants throughout your stay, it may not be the best location. Most restaurants are a 15 minute to 1 hour drive, and that can be really expensive if you plan to take a cab. If you drive, obviously, you cannot have more than a drink or two...We took a cab from Kapalua to Lahaina (about 15-20 minutes) and it was $45 each way. In essence, we paid $90 to have dinner outside of the resort. It can get very expensive.... Positives - The grounds are beautiful and well-maintained. The rooms are nicely appointed and clean. - There is a GREAT sushi bar called Sansei within walking distance of the Ritz. It is excellent!!! - The beach is amazing! - Nice fitness center.