I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Kapalua on Maui for 12 days in January. This was primarily a business trip, but I managed to fit in a few days of relaxation. The hotel is located on the Western side of the island, making it highly vulnerable to the winds that come off of the mountains. It is not well-sited and does not afford it's occupants a good opportunity to enjoy the little bit of sun that pops out, mid-day. The pool area is adequate, but the lounge chairs are utilitarian and the towels thin. Not what you'd expect from a Ritz. No cold towels offered, no spritzing. Quite a step down from what I am used to. The overall service is poor. After befriending some of the staff, I learned that the Ritz had recently laid off approximately 20% of its staff. Not wise, when they were expecting a group of over 800 for almost ten days in January! Front desk was outstanding; very helpful and friendly. This is where the expected Ritz attitude ended. Bell desk staff were unfriendly, bordering on rude. They had a general air of indifference, which I attributed to being short-staffed. I saw the same four guys all week, even when several hundred people were departing for various tours. Still, no need to take it out on the guests, who are responsible for your tips! Restaurant outlets are mediocre, at best. Limited menus, unpleasant and unattentive waitstaff. But the usual high prices you'd expect on Maui. Food quality was good, but not outstanding. Rooms were quite nice, although some were tired, considering that this property supposedly just underwent a multi-million dollar renovation. Again, not what I have come to expect from a Ritz. In general, there is an air of indifference with this property, which I have never seen at another Ritz (which I frequent in my business). I would not recommend for a group, although a leisure traveler might enjoy the scenic location during a warmer time of the year (think April-October). One last note: Kapalua is rather remote; the better beaches are in Wailea and in Lahaina, which is anywhere from 30-60 minutes away. It is also a good 45 minutes from the airport.