Sayed here for our anniversary. Let me say that the hotel is very well presented, and the recent renovation ( maily decor and addition of a new Spa) is great. No real complaints about the service, it was typically RitzCarlton and pretty darned good. There were a few erratic moments that seemed strange ( like a bathrobe disappeared from the room, along with all but one bathtowel, while we were at the pool ???), and the coffe service for the "in room" machine was always an adventure to see what ( regular or decaf) and how many " one cup" packages were left each day, but these were minor and not really important. The rooms were lovely and service great. The thing that REALLY bothered us was the constant live band noise from special events at the beach each night.. Apparantly, during the May to Sept. months in particular, there are wedding receptions, outdoors at the beach restaurant, almost every night. They typically take most of the day to set up, practice a bit during the afternoon, and start in for real at 4:00-5:00PM. The bands' are live and LOUD, and impose themselves loudly on the whole hotel until around 10:00 PM each night. I fully understand the economics make groups and receptions a necessity, but 6-7 nights a week from 3:00 until 10:00 is just too much for me .Other guests alerted me to this problem almost immeditley after check in, commenting about the "rock concert" they had to endure the night before, I thought they were exaggerating -- wrong!! The bands are typical wedding set ups, with drums and bad singing , and masters of the art of LOUD . Usually, they aren't even that good!! If your idea of a good time here is to hear the ocean once in a while while sitting on your balcony enjoying a glass of wine while watching the sunset, you are probaly flat out of luck!! Nice hotel, good service, but LOUD LOUD LOUD!! Not much relaxing listening to hawaiin music. Also, while smoking is prohibited throughout the hotel ( I thought) a fair number of people smoke on the balcony, and especially near the special events. No one seemed to do anything about it. By the way, we had dinner at the Banyon Tree, which, while expensive, is pretty good. The whole atmosphere is very elegant -- until the bands start ( they are quite close by) and overwhelm the atmosphere. The staff jokes about how the special events are "holding the place together" so I suspect it will be a cold day in Hades before they clamp down and control this -- if they even want to! Be warned!!!