Spent spring break at the Ritz for six days. The hotel is gorgeous and newly renovated and the location is spectacular. I can't say enough about how beautiful the cascading pools, the beach, the small town of Kapalua and the hotel rooms were. However, the service is not on par with other Ritz locations as well as the fact that though they are as or more expensive than the Four Season's Wailea the Four Seasons completely outclasses them on service and attention in every aspect. Check in was confusing to the employees. The pool is horribly serviced. There was always a lack of towels at the pool and at the beach, and on top of it the pool lounge chairs were not cleaned up or opened up for new sunbathers throughout the day. If someone used the lounge chair their chaise cover and towels were left to lay there for hours thus giving the impression that there were no chaises available throughout the day. At five o'clock the attendants started going around collecting towels and straightening up where at the Four Seasons which we have stayed out several times as well as for two days prior to our arrival at the Ritz, the chaises and pool were well attended and kept neat and clean. Drink cups and pieces of pineapple and food dishes were left to linger. Granted, it was spring break and the hotel was full but this was unacceptable. There seems to be lacking a level of middle management at the Ritz Kapalua thus the workers are not kept on their toes or held to any standard. Also, the winds are wicked up at the Ritz--called the Kapalua Winds--the south side of the island is warmer and not so windy. The beach is a good walk but they have a cart that drives guests up and down from the beach if you don't want to make the walk. The breakfast at the hotel was good but not great, instead we walked up to the little general store right outside of the hotel and had breakfast there which was casual and much cheaper. All in all, I would go back because it is so very beautiful there and I would hope that service improves. Also, when checking out we called way in advance for a bellman to take our luggage and after several reminder calls to the bell service they were still a half hour late in getting our luggage. I think they need a new management team and mission statement at this hotel.