What I didn't know is that the Ritz Carlton is extremely windy and quite chilly. Therefore my family really couldn't enjoy the pool or the beach. When I say windy, I mean sitting by the pool at 2pm and towels are blowing into the pool, your drinks are blowing off the table, you're wet and wrapped in a towel trying to stop shivering. The pool...not heated and while my children and many other children wanted to get in the water. I as well as many other parents didn't want to get in. It was just too cold and everytime you moved a rush of cold water went past you. When you stepped out of the pool you would freeze. It felt terrible not at all like a tropical pleasure. I called and complained and was told the pool could only be heated to 82 degrees. They never did heat it up, the water was frigid. For what we paid I think we should be comfortable in warmer water. As far as service, it seems there laundry service has a gliche because there never seemed to be enough clean towels. Poolside towels were always in short supply. In our room we always had to ask for bath and face towels. I used our laundry bags 2 days in and they were never replaced. We had to ask for an iron, but we did keep it for the week. Room service was all over the place one day you would get your order in 30 minutes and then there was the absolutely unacceptable 1 hour and 40 minute wait. The employees I found to be very friendly...that being said the service was not that great. I found I had to make a lot of concessions and excuses for things that would go wrong. I was always having to say"that's okay". Like riding up the elavator with housekeeping and her cart of dirty laundry because the service elavator was broken...that's okay. Or to the poolside waitress for telling me their espresso machine was broken so I would have to wait another 30 minutes for my coffee...that's o.k. Or the hotel engineer that said the cable box on my t.v. was on the fritz so I couldn't watch my program...that's o.k. Which is why I rate my overall experience "OKAY". As far as being a Ritz Carlton, I just don't see it. I mean the rooms are newly renovated so of course they're nice, not spectacular, not at all roomy. To me they are just clean and unworn. The look of the hotel is very understated and needs more finness and finishing touches. Or maybe the look they were going for is some kind of fusion of Eastern simplicity mixed with South Pacific ambiance. What ever it is, it didn't take my breath away at all. It was sparse and cold like the rennovation went over budget . My eyes needed more to focus on to relax me. The reception desk and lobby didn't make me feel welcome or inspired. If your going to stay at the Ritz then you want to be able to stay there and have 100% of your basic vacations needs being anticipated and filled, luxury being fulfilled at whim. I found most of my comfort and fun and relaxation off the property. That says a lot.