I will begin by saying that I changed my travel plans to leave two days ahead of time to avoid a storm where I live. I was, however, thrilled at having an extra couple of days to stay on Maui since I have been wanting to stay at the Ritz here for a number of years but never had the extra time to do so. That said, I am certain that people will disagree with my review of this hotel, and I have been trying to decide whether or not to write it. However, this site is designed for people who have all kinds of experiences, and perhaps at least one future reader will be able to avoid my experience here. I will start with the positives: (1) Beautiful setting--Kapalua is quite beautiful and removed from the "hustle-bustle" that is becoming Maui. But, if you do stay here, it is not a very convenient home base for any of the island's many activities. (2) Free self-parking--definitely good to avoid the $18 valet fee by parking it yourself. I never had a problem finding a relatively close spot. (3) Polite service, but I would not characterize it as warm or friendly; they are doing their job, but not with much caring or enthusiasm (4) Comfortable furniture in room and on lanai; very nice bathrooms with prerequisite separate toilet room, shower stall, and tub; GREAT bath amenities Okay, now the negatives (please stop reading here if you are squeamish): -On my third morning I decided to wake up at 3 am and head up to Haleakala for the sunrise; I didn't have to check out until 4 pm to move down to my hotel in Wailea (The Four Seasons, which I reviewed separately under their name), and when I returned to the hotel (around 11am), I went to lay down for a nap. There was a feather from the featherbed sticking me, so I pulled back the sheet to take the feather out. What I found was a dirty, stained (with yellow stains) mattress cover with hair (not mine) on it. It was absolutely disgusting. I cannot imagine a housekeeper seeing that and still making up a bed over it. The sheets are not that thick, and I was nauseated looking at what I had been sleeping on for two nights. I called down to get a manager to come to the room to look at it. Both the housekeeping manager (Robert) and the front desk manager on duty (Richard) both came to my room. After showing them the mattress pad, I told them I was amazed to find such a dirty and stained pad at a hotel like the Ritz. I told them I could not understand how a housekeeper could make up a bed like that. To their complete credit, they agreed with me, and offered me a credit for one night's stay. They also offered to get me another room to take a nap in (which I declined), and then offered to remake my current room, which I also declined. They then very kindly escorted me and my luggage down to the checkout area, and waited with my things while I checked out and got my car. I have to say, they handled the problem beautifully, but I still cannot get over the fact that it happened to begin with. This was not a little piece of hair in the corner of a bathroom. It was a dirty and obviously stained mattress pad that they saw every time they made up the bed. Yuck. -Other negatives: -There were a couple of billing problems (which they promptly corrected when I pointed them out)--I was charged twice for the same day of internet service--which is NOT included in the "resort fee," and I was not credited with my meal credit under my travel package -Pool area is pretty loud, and the sound travels since the hotel buildings surround it on three sides -Restaurants: The Terrace Restaurant and Beach House are a little disappointing, and the Banyan Tree restaurant is inexplicably closed on Sundays (and Mondays--which is more understandable) So, under what circumstances would I recommend this hotel? Honestly, it is in a beautiful setting, but I cannot fathom the level of ineptitude (or just plain uncaring) that it takes to make up a dirty bed. So, if you are prepared to check your mattress pad when you check in, you will likely have a 100% percent better experience than I did. For me, however, that image will certainly stay with me for a long time, and I cannot see myself ever returning.