If you're looking to stay at a Ritz - pass on this one. This was my third trip to Maui - and my ninth trip to the Hawaiian Islands overall. By far, this was the most disappointing resort I've stayed in. Everything about this resort screams - we're not doing well, and we know it. I hear they are about to undergo extensive renovations - and they need it. It makes me wonder if the "good" staff have moved on to greener pastures as the renovation period approaches. The resort feels as if the wind has been knocked out of it. The architecture of the place is so uninspired. There's really only one viewing area of the ocean and the horizon - the lobby bar. And once you sit at a table, the terrace bannister obstructs most of the view. The "Beach House" area is somewhat of a joke. Since the hotel had to work around the ancient burial ground that was on the property (and boy do they downplay the fact that there are hundreds of bodies there) - it's quite a hike to the beach. This would be the place you'd think you'd like to stay to see the sunset - perhaps while sipping a Mai Tai. Unfortunately they shut the Beach House area down at 5p.m. And even if you wanted to walk back to the lobby bar and bring a Mai Tai back down with you - the sunset isn't spectacular as the sun just dips behind the hills - nothing as dramatic as the sun setting into the ocean which you can see from many other resort areas on the island. And don't forget the WIND. It seems as if they couldn't have chosen a worse place to build a resort. There are wind barriers everywhere. Add to that the mundane service and the little touches like pathway lighting being burnt out and it all adds up to a disappointing choice. This is literally the least Hawaiian hotel I've experienced on the islands. Take away the tropical print fabrics in the rooms and you could really be anywhere. And that's not what I want from a Hawaiian vacation. I am so thankful that we changed our seven day reservation to just two nights in order to take the drive to Hana and stay there for a few nights before finishing up at the Hyatt Ka'anapali. I hope this review helps others. My advice is to pass on this hotel.