My husband, 11 year old son and myself stayed at the Ritz Carlton, Maui for five days in late July early August. We booked a club room with 2 double beds. Upon check in the check in staff member informed us that the only room available on the club floor was a king size room. I explained that we made our reservation six months ago. It did not matter to him. He said that they cannot guarantee this room. He told us we could get a roll away bed. I was not happy but we did take the king size room with the roll away. Upon entering the room there was a very musty smell. Other reviewers have also noted this problem. When reading trip advisor reviews for this hotel for six month prior to our trip I did not believe the negative reviews. Really, how bad could the Ritz Carlton in Maui be. We have stayed at the Ritz in Naples, Floriida several times and that hotel was extremely nice. In my opinion no hotels are perfect but I was sure the Ritz in Maui would come close. In reading other reviews for this hotel I found both the negative and positive reviews to have accurrate information (except for maybe a few). First the negataives: Not getting the room we booked six months in advance. After spending 3 nights in the King size room we moved down a floor to a room with 2 double beds. This was not the club floor but we kept the club floor amenities. The furniture in both rooms was indeed very dated. The curtains in both rooms had a lot of small holes in them. In the morning, the sun would stream through these holes. Basically the rooms appeared to be pretty clean but the bathroom in the lower floor had a bright yellow stain around the toilet. (gross). The first floor on the club level had a very damp, musty smell. The lower floor did not. Our second day at the hotel it rained constantly. That evening the musty smell in the room was bordering on unbearable. Because the smell got worse after a constant rain there must be some issues with dampness in the hotel. The rest of our stay we enjoyed very nice weather. We did notice the wind in our first room. This room was on the top floor and was located at the end of the building. There was one side of the balcony that did not have a wall therefore you really could not sit out there. The lower room was located in the center of the building and that balcony was very pleasant. This was the only time I noticed the wind. There was always a pile of wet towels located on top of a trash can when you entered the hotel from the pool area. I understand that there are going to be renovations at this hotel but renovations will not do anything for keeping the hotel grounds neat. The restroom at the pool had overflowing trash cans. The floor was wet and messy. Did not appear to be very clean. No one ever approached us at the pool to take a food or drink order. The pool restaurant/bar was close so it was not a big deal to get our own food/drinks but it just didn't do anything for having a feeling of being at a luxury hotel. We were charged $95.00 for a pool cabana. We never rented a cabana. Upon a phone call to the front desk, this charge was taken off. I read other reviews to check your bill daily on the television. That tip did help. The landscaping around the hotel was very basic (nothing special). Tiles were missing from the hot tub. I thought the beach at the hotel was a long walk. Even if you are in good shape, it's not fun carrying towel, and beach gear up and down a hill. I did not see the golf carts. They may be there but I don't think they sit there waiting for guests. You may catch one by chance. The staff told us that the beach was not safe to swim in. Positives: The views from the hotel were very beautiful. The club floor staff was very professional. They were extremely helpful in making activity and dinner reservations. The food on the club level was good but could have used more variety. Just a note regarding alcoholic drinks on the club floor. If you wanted a drink , a staff member would get it for you. Not a big deal but if they were busy you had to wait. In Naples, they would have an open bar so you could help yourself. We do not drink a lot but enjoy one or two drinks before dinner. If the staff member was busy and you were short of time it was annoying to wait. All in all the club floor amenities were nice. We used the Ritz shuttle to go to Kapalua Beach and the Plantation House Restaurant. This was very convenient. The shuttles were prompt and the drivers professional. The Plantation House restaurant was very nice. Enjoyed the food, service and spectacular views. We ate there twice. We ate dinner at the Terrace Restaurant once. Service and food were fine. The only problem was that everything came out so fast that we were not able to sit and relax. The buffet breakfast at the Terrace was very nice. Even though it was a huge buffet, the food was well presented. Some people have complained about the birds in the morning making noise, etc. This is not just at the Ritz but other locations. I thought the birds were beautiful and fun to watch and listen to. If we return to Maui, I 'm not sure that we will stay at this Ritz unless some of the problems are corrected.