Our travel agent arranged our stay at the Ritz Kapalua for 5 nights. After reading some of the reviews I was apprehensive but kept an open mind. The bad news is that I could not wait to get out of there. Even our kids, age 11 and 13, seemed unhappy. The furnishings in both of our rooms were threadbare. The sunlight poured in through dozens of frayed holes in the curtains every morning and the rooms really did smell bad. It sounds like I'm being picky, but it was kind of depressing, especially since we had been looking so forward to this vacation. Quite honestly, I think it is a disgrace for a hotel chain of this caliber to let the condition of their property get so run down. It's almost bizarre. I knew that to ask to change rooms was pointless, as we were on the club level and the other rooms looked as threadbare. The beach is beautiful, but it is a hike. It didn't bother us at first, since we love to excercise, but the walking up and down the hill did get old. There are lounge chairs available above the beach, but no beach chairs on the beach. When we're on such a great beach, I want to be by the ocean, so we ended up lying on little beach towels like we did in high school. We had just come from a 4 night stay at the Four Seasons on the Big Island, which I admit, was a tough act to follow. It is my idea of the perfect spot to vacation in Hawaii. The dining was okay at the Ritz but not great. I guess because of the wind, they've installed giant sheets of plexiglass in the dining areas which took all the natural feel away. Also kind of depressing. My one last negative thought is about the number of other guests who sat around smoking and yakking loudly on their cell phones. It really is hard to ignore. At our previous hotels cell phone use was discouraged. Now for something positive. The service was excellent. The staff really did bend over backward to be pleasant and accomodating. It is probably the only thing that is keeping the resort afloat until they do some renovations. "The weather was an absolutely perfect sunny 80 degrees the entire time we were there. We didn't experience the dreaded wind problem. Also, there is snorkling nearby that is excellent. My advice if you are thinking of staying at this resort is: DON'T DO IT!! The island experience is simply too beautiful to be tarnished by bad accomodations at a supposedly luxury resort. I honestly don't think I'll ever feel the same way about a Rtiz-Carlton again.