Aloha! I recently traveled to Maui on business and decided to treat myself to a one night stay at the Ritz Carlton in Kapalua Maui. This resort is located on the Lahaina side of the island - about 1 hour from Kahalui Aiport. My expectations were set pretty high. This hotel prides itself on being that of a five star hotel- it's far from it. I am not a golfer so I don't pretend to know much about the whole golfing experience that this particular hotel is known for. What I can tell you is that the front desk and valet are very nice folks. I was pretty much assaulted with a fresh flower lei and an ice cold drink at check in. I was certainly feeling the "Aloha spirit," even though I am from Oahu. The woman at the front desk was helping train another gentleman so my check in took a little longer than normal, but that is okay. I was given my room key and I happily wandered off to my room, enjoying all the anticipation of a relaxing visit. My room was about 1/4 mile away- again...that is okay. I needed the exercise. As I left the main lobby, I slowly creeped into a part of the hotel that is starting to look a little shabby. Oh well, it was a lobby- I entered the room and was really let down. The floor was a little dirty, the beds looked comfy but when I plopped down on it- there was a poof of dust that led me into 3 minutes of sneezing. The furniture was worn and scratched with what looked like crayon in some areas. The clock radio was totally beat up as was the telephone. I entered the bathroom to find towels with Ritz logos that looked in about the same condition of those towels that I use to dry my dogs. You know that type- about 5 years ago they were your best towels- and now you just use them as handy wipes to mop things up. The fixures were scratched and I was less than impressed. I came back from dinner to turn on the light and find 5 baby cockroaches flying around the sink fixtures. I killed 2 but 3 got away. I'm a girl that is used to living in the tropics and I can catch a roach with the best of them. I do NOT want to see roaches in a hotel that expects guests to pay $300 / night. Now, that being said, I did not pay that. I did get a Kamaaina rate ...but it was still $195!!! I went to the desk to explain about the roaches- they offered to "spray" my room. Now, I was a little tipsy from the $10 drinks - so I don't want to smell RAID roach killer while I try and get a good nights sleep. I was very surprised that I was not offered another room- they should have offered to help me move into another room, don't you think? This hotel is not a dump- it's just not worth the money they are asking. These are the days of good value and this hotel is NOT one of them. I am very disappointed and I wanted to warn off all travelers that are blindly expecting luxury.