My girlfreind and I just returned from The Ritz this very evening, 9/3/05. While the grounds are certainly beautiful, the rooms are in dire need of a remodel. They smell of mildew, and the decor is outdated. Floral prints and wicker furniture abound here, and for the price, we were both dissappointed. I beilieve the decor is circa 1980. There is no space for clothing except in your own luggage, and even the ironing board was warped. The TV was Magnavox, and I didn't even know they still made TV's. There were as many Kapalua specific channels as other channels. In all there were approximatley 14 channels, of which 7 were Maui specific (one in Japanese). This also carried on into the Gym. The gym and pool are another annoyance. You will pay a $15 a day charge for facilities, but the gym is not full of the facilities you need and the pool is not stafed with enough employees to serve you. Do not get me wrong, the staff is amazing! They are there for your every need...there are just no enough of them at the pool. The gym is under equipped with cardio machines, and adaquite free weight equipment, and the tvs are inconsistant showing only a few channels, and all different depending on which machine you are on. The food was great! The food was also Terribly Over Priced! A candy bar costs $3 and a lemonade cost $5, not to mention tax and tip!!! With the exception of The Signature Wrap (a few pieces of chicken, in a horrible sauce, wrapped in a tortilla, with a lot of lettuce for $13) at the pool, everything we ate was delicious. The drinks were very weak though, and at the cost, they could be a little heavy handed I think! I watched, and they did not even put an ounce in the drinks. Our bath tub had a shower in it that did not work. Luckily we also had a separate shower! There was also no place to put your sundries and toiletries. As stated before the grounds were beautiful. We saw the Aloha Festival Inductions, and the grounds are built on historic land. If you take the time to tour them, it can be quite relaxing and fulfilling. The beach is beautiful and private. There are plenty of chairs, and the sun is hot and strong. The evening entertainment in the lounge is very good. The Road to Hana, Iao Valley, Kaleakala Valcano, Snorkeling, and general site seeing, can all be done for the price of gas and time. Look into things before going and do it all for free on your own. You are not limited to other's time and you can explore. Other things to avoid: Molokini snorkling. Clear water but no variety of fish. My girlfirend was a first time snorkler and was unimpressed. Lahaina Princess adventures. Boat looks nothing like the picture and other boats are more attractive. We had precooked food that was served steamed, and passed off as bar-b- que lunch. ALAMO CAR RENTALS. Yikes. We reserved our car online and got there to a huge line. Understandable. But where was our car? We waited 1 hour and 10 minutes to get a car while others who came after us got their cars and left as we watched. When our car finally arrived, the drivers window did not work, I asked an employee for help incase tehy knowa bout some lock I could not find and they left never to be seen again. I went inside to get a new car and was treated fairly and hastily, but it took still another 15 minutes to get the next car. An hour and a half - after paying for a car we reserved days in advance. If there are not evough cars don't rent them, and let the reservations have priority - or don't have reservations!!!