My husband and I just returned from what ended up being a wonderful week in Maui. We started out at the Maui Marriott Ocean Club for two nights, because the RC Kapalua was booked for the first two nights of our trip. We arrived in Maui during what was apparently an unusual winter storm in Hawaii, so our first day was a rainout. Day 2 was much better, until we drove from Lahaina to Kapalua to check in at the Ritz. I had read plenty of review on this site and others, so was fairly warned of the weather. We figured we'd take the chance and splurge a little on a week at the Ritz. Long story short - we checked out early! We saw the sun without rain for maybe 20 minutes during the two days we were there. The wind was unbearable and the sunshiney-rain wasn't pleasant. We are sun and beach lovers, so this was a bit of a nightmare. When we awoke to more dark clouds and wind monday morning, we rented a car (definitely a must, now we know better!) and drove until we saw the sun. We spent the week in Wailea - where at most we had a partly cloudy afternoon. It was gorgeous there, and about 15 degress warmer than Kapalua. Personally, I don't think it's worth the risk - you can't predict the weather, but the odds are much better further south on the island! We stayed near the Four Seasons and Grand Wailea, which both looked fabulous. If you are going to spend the money on the Ritz, you mine as well spend it further south at the Four Seasons. Also....we were really surprised at the lack of service at the Ritz. Our oceanview room was only of the golf course. After complaining, we were pleasantly surprised by having our choice of three other ocean front rooms. Great right?? Except we were told our room would be ready by 3:30 at the latest - at 5:00 we ended up walking down to the front desk ourselves to find out once and for all what was going on. There seemed to be a break in communication somewhere along the lines, and we had to pay for it. To top it off, we were treated a bit crassly upon checkout. The gentleman behind the desk let us know we were checking out early (thanks...). But he didn't seem to care why or bother to ask. All in all, we were really disappointed. The property was beautiful - we will say that. And had the weather been perfect my review would have been different. But never again will we risk a week's vacation in Kapalua - esp. at the Ritz Carlton.