I am very surprised about the positive comments here. I wonder if some of the reviewers have stayed in Maui before to compare. We just returned from the Ritz Carlton and were not really all that impressed. The grounds are certainly nice but that is to be expected for a five star hotel and a five star price. Where to begin...The beach is very small and is quite a hike from the hotel itself, most people didn't make it past the pool. The level of service in the lobby bar is non-existent. It is almost like they wouldn't be paid if they tied to offer you another round. Someone mentioned the musicians were great, I would strongly diasgree, not only was the music bad, it was so loud you could not carry on a conversation without screaming to the person next to you. The location of the hotel is very far from anything, expect a long drive to anything you may plan on seeing. The fitness centre is plain embarassing. Some of the equipment looks like it was made in 1927, and the steam room in the Mens change area was not working half of the time we were there. When it was working it was not at all impressive, as a matter of fact the steam room at the YMCA here locally is more impressive. The door on the shower in our bathroom would not close, and we also had the mildew smell in our room. On a positive note, 1) the golf course does look very nice and I understand it is one of the best in the U.S. 2)If you like being isolated, this is the place for you, although most of Maui has the secluded feel to it as it is not as densely populated as other Islands. 3)There is a server whom my wife dubbed the "Juice Pusher" who was serving during the breakfast buffet that is highly entertaining. He ressembles the late Chris Farley, and won't leave you alone until you've had at least 3 glasses of OJ. As we were walking out we saw him entertaining another group by dancing around the table with the salt and pepper coconut shakers; I don't think I have ever had a more enjoyable breakfast. This is the 4th review I have written here and the first negative one. Ironically of the 4 places I have recently been to, this one was the most expensive, but the one most lacking in service. We were in Montego Bay at a 3 Star all inclusive resort a month ago and the service was incredible and for a lower price all meals and alcohol were included, plus the beach and pool areas were far superior. If you are considering a trip to Maui, I highly reccomend staying in the Kaanapali area, there is a variety of hotels and restaurants for the same price (or less) with better customer service, village shops and long beautiful beaches. As for me, this being my second trip to Maui, I am done. Based on the prices and service level offered in the Carribean with these all inclusive deals, I will going back there for my next hot vacation.