Just got back from a 4 night stay (14-18 JAN 2004). The location was fine (about 20 minutes north of Lahaina), other than the fact that you have more wind in Kapalua than say Wailea or Ka'anapali. The wind only became an issue after taking a dip in the pool and then trying to lay out in the sun. Quite chilly and unpleasant. We had no rain during our stay.As for the rooms, they could use MAJOR work. We made the front desk move us to a new room, because our first room smelled damp, and strongly of mold/mildew. I had previously read that some people encountered the same problem on tripadvisor.com, but didn't figure we'd have the same problem. I've been to many hotels on all of the Hawaiian Islands, and have never encountered this problem. So to say that "it just happens" in Hawaii is absurd. In reality, it "just happens" to those hotels (like the Ritz Kapalua) who don't bother to keep up their facilities.Our new room still smelled a bit musty, but due to the long walk back to the front desk, we decided that we'd just make do. Anyway, we are not the type of travelers that spend much time in our room. Our first room was what they called "ocean view'. Because the hotel is not directly on the water, "ocean view" means you get a small sliver of ocean from your balcony.Our new room had virtually no view whatsoever, but as I said, it was quite a trek to keep walking between the front desk and the room, so we decided to accept the new room.A word about both rooms... Having seen two separate rooms which both exhibited the same sign of deterioration, I can say with some level of accuracy that this hotel is very sub-par when it comes to other Ritz-Carltons.Both rooms had very ratty looking furniture. One of the rooms had a giant stain all over the carpet, and the other room's carpet was worn and filthy. We did not walk around barefoot in the room. Tip: call housekeeping and ask for slippers... at least you can have something comfortable to wear between the bed and the bathroom. The screen on the screen door was totally ripped in our second room. Good thing we didn't encounter any mosquitoes around the resort.Both rooms had very old televisions... you know, the 14" Sony's from 1985? That is what they reminded me of anyway. Again, we don't watch TV when we go to Hawaii since we?d rather spend our time outdoors, but it?s just one more item not up to par with the Ritz standards.The bathrooms were dated... very old marble showing signs of wear.We only did breakfast at the hotel, and only once, because of the LOUSY service and overpriced $25 buffet. Let me tell you, I've had better breakfast buffets for $10 at Hyatt Hotels.Poolside service was very indifferent. Only one lady employee treated us with a smile every time. The heavy set blonde attendant needs to get an attitude check, or check into a new line of work. Her service was consistently rude and indifferent.The $15 daily resort fee is the straw that breaks the camel's back. For a daily $15 charge (which you may not decline), you receive 'complimentary' coffee/tea in the morning, in the lobby. But don't sleep in until 10am like we did...or you will miss the coffee and tea service. Silly us, we thought we were on vacation... but apparently you must set an alarm for 9am in order to get your $15 money's worth for the day.That is the only material good you receive for the $15 daily fee. They name a bunch of intangible services such as "the privilege of shopping in the lobby shops and charging your purchases to your room". You be the judge of that, but I don't think it costs them $15/day to negotiate with those merchants, to let the guests sign charges to their rooms.So for us, we paid a total of $60 for resort fees for our 4 days, and we got a total of 6 cups of coffee. You do the math...for $10 per cup of coffee; I'd just assume buy two large bags of premium-grade Peaberry Kona Coffee to take home.We will absolutely not return to the Ritz-Carlton Kapalua. Their combination of lousy rooms, rude employees and irritating resort fee is good reason to keep us away in the future.I almost forgot... beware of lunatic bellhops in the narrow hallways. (By the time you get all the housekeeping carts in the halls, you literally must walk in a single file line to pass them.) We were "forced off the road" so to speak twice by the same bellhop guy, who insisted on not yielding to us, the guests. Again, silly me for thinking the guest would be given the right of way, especially at a supposed 5-star hotel.The only nice employees we encountered were: the tall brunette pool-attendant, the housekeeping women, and the short Hawaiian girl who greets you with a lei. Also the Caucasian gall at the concierge desk.If you don?t want to pay ridiculous parking fees, there is a self parking area, albeit a short walk from the lobby.Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. We will return to Mau?i, but we?ll stay at the Four Seasons in Wailea. We checked out the Four Seasons Wailea during our trip, and it is just miles above and beyond the Ritz.I will continue to patronize other Ritz Carlton?s, because I know the Ritz in Kapalua is just an exception to the brand. I would like to know how such an awful hotel maintains the Ritz logo.Overall, the staff seems very full of themselves. We got the overall impression that the staff forgot that their job is to serve us. We?re paying them to serve us, but they behaved like they were on a vacation too.This hotel was nothing more than a 3-star Marriott or Hilton in terms of rooms and service.