You need to read this if you are considering going to the Whaler. First of all, I think the Whaler will be a very lovely place to stay once the construction is completed. It is a great location. I met several other owners who were so very kind and saw their units and some of them are very lovely. We plan to return...just not to Unit 805. I am writing this to help other people avoid a disaster on their vacation. I wish I would have had information like this when I booked. We rented through VRBO. I looked at several units and spoke with the owners. We decided on this unit as it was one unit back from the beach overlooking the courtyard and had the view of the island of Lanai on the ocean view side. Our contract arrived with the terms outlined and it had the Whaler Logo on the top of it. There was no mention at all of a parking fee. Three weeks prior to our arrival I was on TripAdvisor and saw an ad for The Whaler offering "Construction Pricing". I called the man we rented from and inquired about this and he said, "They are just sealing some sidewalks on the side of the courtyard." I asked if there were any noise issues and he said, "No. I have one couple who just stayed there and they said that it really was no issue at all." All I can say is that upon our arrival we were greeted with a major construction project! There were 3 Bobcats going and 4 concrete saws. The entire courtyard was being completly demolished. The noise level from our balcony (lanai) was deafening. I tried talking with the propery management company to see about getting our room moved to an outside room that did not overlook the courtyard, but they said they would have to charge me since I booked it through the owner. I showed them the contract that had the Whaler logo on it and they said that it was not a valid "Whaler" contract. Additionally, we were charged another $15 per day for parking...this was never mentioned in our conversations with the owner and it was not in the contract that we signed with him. I suppose we should have told him we were not going to pay it and made him pay it. I tried contacting him several times but he did not return my calls until the next day. You would think that an owner would call to make sure everything was OK...we are owners of a property and do so for our guests. But not this guy. He was hiding from us. When I finally got him on the phone I confronted him with all of this and he said, "Yeah...the couple who stayed in it last week (the one he had refernced to me before) said it was pretty noisy and I asked him if I could do anything and he said I could send him some money back." The owner lied to me in his earlier version of that conversation. Then he proceeded to tell me that when you are in Hawaii you don't want to sit in your unit anyway...you need to be going out early everyday. The audacity of him to dictate how I should spend my time. My husband and I both work very hard and don't get any down time with our daughter. The notion that we should jump out of bed everyday and be out of the condo by 8 am when all the drilling, hammering, bulldozing and sawing starts was....well....let's just say, an unwelcomed and unsolicited suggestion. Well, it might not have been so bad if the unit itself had been nice. It was filthy and smelled awful. In fact, the management sent someone over to check the airconditioner becuase the smell was so bad. The linens provided were all very old and ripped up. THe pillows were completely covered with yellow stains. I called his cleaning lady and insisted that she bring us new pillows, which she did. The carpet and walls were dirty. The bathrooms were dirty and the wallpaper was coming off the walls. THe showerheads were so corroded that my daughter would not shower in her bathroom at all. Again...I met some of the other owners and they showed me their units and some of them are really lovely. I would not suggest staying here until all the construction is complete. Then it would be a very nice place to stay. The units are very large as are the lanais. And like I said...the other owners I met were lovely. Just be extremely cautious when choosing a unit to rent. Ask for lots of pictures and references. Oh, and as for the owner...he kept telling me that he would "make this right." We had paid $325 per night for 7 nights. He sent me $200 back. After the parking it amounted to only $95. Gee thanks.