Ugh. This propertys condos are all individually owned, so the room you get is a crap shoot, unless you know exactly which unit youre renting. We booked through a travel agent and lost the crap shoot. We checked in and got a dingy, musty, outdated room that had funny-looking carpeting. It was not really clean and just felt ewwww. It reminded me of a crappy motel 6. I wish I could remember which unit # it was, but I must have tried to block it from my memory. We promptly asked the front desk to switch us to a different room. They said none were available until the next dayI really didnt sleep so well that night. The room we got the next day was unit # 664, much nicer, and we stayed 2 nights. It was a studio, VERY small, barely big enough for the two of us when the Murphy bed was down. In fact it was smaller than the previous room, but ya know whatit wasnt scuzzy, and thats what really mattered! The full kitchen was handy for saving a few $$ on meals. We stocked up at the Safeway grocery store (they also take Dominicks cards). The "ocean view" meant a view of the other tower, and you could see the ocean if youre on the lanai and look to the left. It was ok, but not as nice as an ocean front unit would have been. The rest of the property is unimpressive. They have some nice landscaping and a koi pond between their two towers, but thats about it. Theres construction noise from some work that theyre doing to their parking garagewhich you cant park in due to falling concrete. All the parking is down the hill in converted tennis courts. The spots are narrow and tight and its a pretty far walk when youre lugging suitcases. Laundry is available in a little room near the elevators, one washer and one dryer per floor. The machines take only quarters, theres no change machine, you have to go to the front desk. And you must provide your own soap/fabric softener as there is none available for purchase there. Their fitness room is woefully inadequate for a property this size. Its tiny, it has very few cardio machines, even fewer free weights, and there is no free space to do mat work. If this is important to you, stay somewhere else. All in all Id say this property has seen better days. Its in a good location by Whalers Village and the price is right for those on budget. Just dont expect too much, and try to book directly with the owner of a nice unit so you dont get blindsided like we did.