The Whaler at Ka'anapali Beach is an excellent property with exquisitely kept grounds in possibly the best location on all of Maui. Located directly on the beach, it has all the amenities one would want for a vacation in paradise. Before booking a condo there, however, find out as much about the specific unit that you can. We stayed in Unit #764, a studio condo suitable for a couple. The Whaler was built in the mid '70's and many of the units have been updated or upgraded, but this one has not. It appears to still have the original stove, although the refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher appear newer. Veneer is coming off the kitchen counter, the cabinets are banged up and the faucet needs replacing. In the bathroom, you will find peeling wallpaper surrounding the original fixtures and filth dropping down from above the tub where the drop ceiling is not completely finished. The unit contains all the appliances you will need, including coffee maker, blender, can opener, all cooking pots, pans and utensils, along with dinner service. The furniture is mainly wicker, giving more of a Hawaiin theme to the room, and well maintained. The Balcony overlooks the grounds in between the buildings of the Whaler and gives a good view of the ocean and part of Black Rock. The biggest problem to guests of any unit is the parking. The Whaler's owner and guest parking is underground, beneath the common grounds between the buildings. Concrete chunks fall from the ceiling on a regular basis, forcing the maintenance crew to construct a lattice work of 2x4's and chicken wire to catch the falling chunks to avoid hitting cars or people walking in the garage. The floor of the garage is always wet, leading one to believe there are either leaks from the koi pond above it or from the ocean (since there are warning signs indicating that high tide will cause additional water.) Overall, we enjoyed the Whaler and its location, and would recommend it, especially if they can make adequate repairs to the parking garage. However, I cannot recommend Unit #764 without the owners renovating it. These units sell for upwards of $1.5MM, so it surprises me that the owners are unwilling to spend $30-50K to have a completely up to date and more attractive unit. Friends that made the trip with us stayed in another studio that had been completely upgraded within the past five years and paid the same price as us, but received a much more enjoyable experience.