My husband and I have traveled frequently to Maui and have stayed at the Westin many times over the years. However more recently we have been staying hotels in the Wailea area and decided to go back to the Ka'anapali side and stay at a hotel we frequented often. Upon arrival we noted that the grounds were still quite beautiful and were greeted warmly and escorted the the "newer" Beach Tower where we used to stay many years ago. We are Starwood preferred guests and expected a nicer room and good location but to our dismay our room was close to the elevator, over looking the top of a pavillion and part of a pool area and had a partial ocean view. While we were not thrilled with our view we were even more disturbed with the cleanliness of the room. The furniture was extremely dusty, there were numerous finger prints and marks on the door, greasy looking areas on the headboard, a marble shelf next to a coffee station with sticky residue and a rusted cracking cabinet that housed a refrigerator. A dirty decorator pillow and the frosting on the cake was finding some prior guests underwear still on a shelf in the closet!!!!!!! We tried changing rooms but were told they were completely booked and had to have housekeeping come three times before it was acceptable. Additionally through all of the complaining it was very difficult to get through to guest services to even get attention and had to literally go downstairs to the front desk to complain. Next problem was the restaurant Tropica with cold food and beyond slow service that made our first night the beginning of a disappointing trip to paradise. The pool areas are beautiful but crowded with the most uncomfortable chairs, no cushions unless you want to rent a cabana you cannot get a cushion!! The highlight of this hotel are the bellmen, valet's who have been there for many years and still are extremely helpful personable and cheerful. Unfortunately that cannot be said for the rest of management who after all of our concerns only response was sorry for your concerns and hope you will return and we can do better! Well I think that is NOT going to happen as we will take our travels to Maui elsewhere