This was our first time staying at the Westin Maui Resort and Spa and it probably will be the last. We generally like the Westin hotel chain and were hopeful for a good experience, but we were sadly disappointed. We reserved and were placed in a mountain view room, which is a lovely setting in itself. However, you can really enjoy the view too much while sitting in the plastic covered, deflated cushions available on the deck furniture. The table is dusty and the overall deck is old-fashioned, cast iron railings with stained cement floors. Back inside the room, we were treated to scratched and chipped furniture and thread-bare carpet. The bathroom is so small and dated; the door barely clears the toilet. The painted, plywood closet on the bathroom wall (intended to store the ironing board closet) is so classy. Of course, we didn't have need for the closet because we could never get the ironing board to collapse after use. And, the shower heads thrust the water with such force, they were anything but "heavenly" as advertised. When we first laid down after our six hour trip from the mainland, we immediately noticed dozens of miniscule ants crawling all over the pillows and bedding up near the headboard. We immediately called "Service Express" (which we couldn't get to work from the cordless phone) and they told us to leave the pillows in the hallway and they would replace them. We immediately vacated the room and walked around the property, which is admittedly beautiful. When we returned an hour later, we had new pillows and pillow cases. We never did see any more ants...must have been a bad load of laundry. The parking situation is worth a mention. The "self-park" option is included in the $25 a day "resort fee," (which also includes wifi.) However, when we would return between 8:30 and 9:00 PM, the "self-park" was full. This required us to valet park "at no additional charge." However, as decent travelers, we always tip the parking attendants who are extremely efficient and victims of this parking scheme. When we picked up our car the next morning or afternoon from the valet, they would hustle to get our vehicle, but we would have to wait and of course, tip. The parking situation is a pain to say the least and I wish the Westin management would address it so the customers who elect to "self park" can do so without having to tip throughout the week. We thoroughly enjoyed the pools, water slide, ample beach towel availability and on-site beach and snack shop. We had lunch a few days at the poolside restaurant Ono Bar and Grill. The access to Kaanapali Beach, Whaler's Village and Black Rock for snorkeling was a major factor in our completing our stay at the hotel. The activities staff is especially friendly and made suggestions to see the Cirque Polynesia performance and snorkel charter on the Gemini. These were both winners!! We will go back to Maui, but will look at hotel alternatives unless we receive positive information that the Westin has either renovated or upgraded their guests' experience.