The beach is splendid, spacious, not crowded. Location of the hotel could not be better, very close to the Whaler mall where there are restaurants and shops. And that is all. Front Desk employees are overloaded . That is why they are not only unhelpfull, but unhospitable (and I could say even hostil). We arrived at 12 m after a very long flight and asked if maybe our rooms were available. The answer of the guy in the front desk was short and dry: "Check-in time is 3pm". Of course we knew that!. He acted like if he were doing us a great favor. He offered two rooms which were inconvenient for us because they were in different floors.We said we would wait. An hour and a half later he gave us one room. At 3 pm the second room was not ready. He told us "You refused the rooms I offered earlier. You should wait". At 4 pm our second room was not ready yet. Nobody in the hotel had told the housekeeper to clean that room. Employees of the concierge are not different. I had read the reviews which said that they were more interested in selling the Westin Villas time sharing plans than helping guest with information and reservations, and I tought the writers were exagerating. What we experienced is exactly the same. The ladies had long, long talkings with the prospective buyers, and people who just wanted a restaurant reservation had to wait and wait. I am not in the hotel business, but I have common sense: the management of the Westin makes a big mistake in giving two completely different tasks to one employee. The concierge must help guest. He is not there to sell anything. So, for information and reservation it is easier and faster to look in internet and to call directly. That provided you are lucky with the speed of internet. The service included in the "resort fee" is so slow, that you have to be very patient or pay more for the faster one. The rooms we got ("mountain view") were ok, but too small for a resort beach. The beds were very good. Renting a chair and an umbrella at the beach is almost impossible. You have to make a reservation two or three days in advance. Later we found out that the reason is a Maui regulation that impose on each hotel a limit of chairs they can put in the beach. Westin has a quote of just 15 umbrellas! If we have known that before, we would have bought them at a store. The gym was pretty well equiped. The problem is that treadmills were in use all the time. We did not stay at the pools, so the only thing we can comment about it is that they looked very crowded at all times. We realized that the best experiencies of our stay in Maui were outside this hotel. The first one, as I said, is the incredible beach. The second one was the snorkeling tour with Trilogy, and the third one was our dinner at Hula grill restaurant. Maui is a lovely place, but the Westin Hotel is definitely not. This hotel almost spoiled our vacation. I would not recomend this hotel to anybody.