Let me begin by telling all of you that Platinum Member and SVO (Starwood Vacation Owner) and I travel all over the world staying at SPG brands. I read all the reviews on this property and am not sure if people were just blind or just happy to be in Maui but here is what we experienced. The only positive remark on the property I will make is that the pool and landscaping were nice. That is where it stops!!!!!!!! I booked this hotel many months in advance and had to book 2 rooms so my family of 5 could be together. When I booked the Resort the hotel would not guarantee me a suite with a connector room which is why we had to book 2 ocean view rooms. SO, we arrive at the Westin and upon check-in there was no one to greet us with lei's or welcome us with the exception of the bell man. We checked into our room of which only 1 was ready at that time so this is not a big deal. The lady at the desk, who was very nice, checked us in and said we had a double upgrade (more on this later). Hmmmm, this is okay I thought to myself. Anyway our room was not ready as I said so we decided to have a late lunch. We went to the hostess stand and were given a table. The entire area where the restaurant is located (outdoors) which also connects to the pool area is flagstone. EVERYWHERE and I mean EVERYWHERE there were ants on the flagstone which we found a bit concerning and we even had the wait staff move us to a different area which still had the same issue but not as concentrated. So we ordered a couple of Mai Tai's which were horrible!! Whoever mixed the drinks needs to stick to pouring only water and soda. Sorry to be harsh but this is a factual statement. After finishing up our late lunch we were able to get into our room. All we wanted to do was drop off our things and head to the pool and see what else was around the Resort. We entered into our room (remember the supposedly double upgrade) and our jaws dropped!! Literally, I thought to myself this is just a tad upgrade from the Days Inn or Holiday Inn but with a view. This is definitely not what a WESTIN room looks like or smells like for that matter. Again, we had 2 rooms now that connected. Oddly, 1 room had a mildew order and the other was ok. WHY? No excuse for this to happen!! I looked at my wife after we dropped our stuff off and said, "What happened to the double upgrade the front desk lady said we had?" Disappointment not only had sunk in with me but my wife too at this point. We went downstairs to walk around the Resort and then find a spot to lay down at the pool. One side of the Resort by the KIDS CLUB and down towards where they have the Luau had the same foul mildew smell we experienced in our room. NOT GOOD!!! I got everyone settled in by the pool and went to the front desk and spoke to Michael, who was the Customer Service Manager. He was very polite and nice and I want to make that clear as it is only right to give him the proper credit he deserves. I explained how we were very unhappy with the room and property and asked him to see about a SUITE or move us to the Westin Villas (part of SVO a mile or so down the road from the Westin) if that was an option. I was also willing to pay more points and/or money if need be to upgrade to the Suite too which I was willing to do many months prior to arriving in Maui. Well, the Suite was not available and Michael said he would follow up with me on the Villas. Not an issue I told him and I went back to the pool area and told my wife the update. Now, it was getting late in the afternoon and we were all starting to get tired. We are from the East Coast so a 6 hour timezone change is a bit of a transition. When we got back to our room and got our children settled in Michael called and said he could make the change happen to the Villas and we could go either today or tomorrow. We made the move the next day and I will close with saying to EVERYONE that this was the best decision we made on our trip!! Go to the VILLAS!!! You will not be disappointed.