I hope they provided complimentary hazmat suits is what a friend of mine said after seeing the photos I posted online. As you read this review please see the photos Ive posted as well. Or just have a look at the photos, I think they tell most of the story. The room my wife and I checked into had a horrible dirty bathroom, thats not to say the rest of the room was clean, it was also pretty dirty. But the bathroom was really bad, a lot of the surfaces hadnt been wiped down in probably *weeks* and the floor was so disgusting that we didnt dare walk around on it barefoot. Id seen frat house bathrooms that were cleaner then the one in room 287. I took pictures of the dirty surfaces and raised the issue with the front desk manager. She agreed that it was in an unacceptable condition and promised to have it cleaned as soon as we left for the day. When we returned that evening the room had been made up but the bathroom was still in the same condition! Surfaces that could have been cleaned by simply running a wet towel over them were still dirty. On top of that no one from the hotel had bothered to follow up with me about the condition of my room. No note, no phone call or voice message, it was like I was completely forgotten about. I went back down to the front desk and complained about our bathroom again. The manager apologized and offered to give my room a VIP cleaning like she was doing me some sort of favor. I asked that the housekeeping supervisor meet me in my room so he could explain the condition of my bathroom to my wife and me. When he arrived he looked around and said it was due to a training issue. Really? How hard is it to wipe down dirty/dusty surfaces? He also offered to give my room a VIP cleaning but I said I was tired of dealing with it and just wanted to be moved to a better room. About 10 minutes later the front desk manager called and offered to waive our resort fee ($25/day) for the duration of our stay and to credit us $100. This was the first time we had been offered any sort of compensation for having to deal with this issue. We left for dinner and they came in to VIP clean our room. When we got back from dinner the spots I had photographed were wiped down and the entire room had been cleaned again. BUT it was hardly a VIP cleaning. There was still dirt/grime on the shower fixture (which I wiped off myself) along with built up scum on the shower control which would have come off had they been serious about cleaning the room. I took more photos and we just went to bed, it had been a long day. The next day my wife complained to me about not sleeping well because her sinuses were irritated. We didnt complain to the front desk that morning because we were in a hurry to leave and it felt like it would have been a waste of our time. When we came back that evening my wife starting complaining about not feeling well again and we began to wonder if something in the room was bothering her. Looking around we found some black mold like substance in the crown molding above the bed (on the wall that divided the bathroom and sleeping area). That was it, we werent staying another night in that room. We went down to the front desk and demanded to be moved to a different room. The hotel was near capacity and only had 2 rooms for us to choose from. Both rooms came with a parking lot view (we had an ocean/Black Rock view before) and were smaller than what we currently had. But there was no way my wife was spending another night in our initial room so we opted for the higher floor (with 2 double beds nonetheless) and moved our stuff over. We didnt sleep well that night either. All night long we heard road noise from the highway, random car alarms going off in the parking lot and the friendly garbage truck with its beep-beep-beep in the morning. The bathroom in the new room wasnt much cleaner either. Again there was a lot of built up dirt/dust from weeks of neglect (I took more photos). Keep in mind that this room is on a different floor (2 vs. 8) in a different tower so its not likely the result of the same cleaning person with the training issue. We ended up being contacted by the General Managers executive assistant because the GM was out for the week. She was a very helpful woman and easily the nicest member of the hotel staff we had encountered. She tried to get our room upgraded but there was nothing available. She also took care of our charges for the first 3 nights we had to endure in room 287 and gave us some additional SPG points. Finally she treated us to a luau at the Sheraton with premier seating. All nice gestures that we appreciated but the damage had been done by that point. Overall I cant recommend anyone stay at this Westin. However, if you do choose to spend your time here check the condition of your room and stay away from anything by the parking lot. Despite what they tell you its not quiet, we didnt get one good nights sleep while we were there.