We have been here 13 times in 10 years. We've always loved it here but the past couple of years its been lacking. This last trip was the worst. I have always been upgraded when I arrive but this year the front desk clerk said she couldn't do that since I bought a package through Orbitz. Normally they are very nice but this woman was pretty rude. So, let me see if I got this. They put room packages out there to lure guests. Then when someone purchases that, you treat them poorly? They call every morning to tell you that you have a personal concierge but what that person really is trying to do is set up a condo sale for you. They seem more interested in selling condos than taking care of guests. Pretty tacky for a Westin property. Our Orbitz package included the breakfast buffet everyday. After 4 days we got tired of it... Poor quality. We ended up walking to the Sheraton everyday after that. Excellent food there. One of our biggest disapointments was the pool. It was so cold you could hardly stand to be in it. Even the kids couldn't stand it. The towel guy said the heater's been broke for 6 months. The pool waitress said its always this cold. The manager said when its cold outside like this, the heaters can't keep up. (We had 14 days of 82 degrees and virtually no wind). There is also little to no security. Some local kids stole some of our stuff while we were in the pool. One night, 6 local surfers and their new girl friends stage a soft core porn show in the hot tub. No security... so we ended up going to our room for the night. Our tub/shower drain wouldn't work so you had to stand in a foot of water when showering. The maintenance worker showed up 5 days after we called for help. He only came because the unit above or below us was backing up into our room. The business center closed for good the second day we were there. Now you have to sit at the coffee shop and use a very slow computer. Like I said in the beginning. We've always loved it here but I would stay away for now. They clearly have cut back due to the economy. My wife is heartbroken about it but we are looking at a new hotel for next year.