My wife and I came here for a 5-day trip. We were nervous about staying here based on past reviews and in the end, we were disappointed with the hotel. It's not horrible mind you, just not up to the Westin standards that we've become accustomed to. We've stayed at probably 10 Westin's around the world in the last several years and this was by far the most disappointing. The goods - housekeeping - solid, what more could you ask for? We asked for a few more amenities and they provided them. - the lobby & grounds - very nice. Not so spectacular and serene, but solid nonetheless. You can walk out to the beach quickly, and walk down the path along the beach either way for a leisurely walk. - the pool - good enough for us, we enjoyed it and spent a fair amount of time there. - refrigerator - glad to have one as we bought water, etc. before we arrived and it came in handy - parking - when the self-parking fills up, they valet for free. Expected, but a nice touch. - workout room - it's open 24 hours and has a great view, although a bit small The bads - check-in - the process itself wasn't so painful but the "attitude" was. We are gold members and are used to being upgraded. Upon arrival, we were told that everything was sold out and that there wasn't anything they could do. That's fine, that's understandable. But they didn't seem to want to help at all or make it seem like they were trying. We checked online and saw that some upgrade rooms were available. When we checked in subsequent days if upgrades were available, one of the front desk staff actually got into a debate with us as to how many Starpoints it costs to stay at the property. I'm not exactly sure how it got to this as my wife was the one who had the conversation, but to me it just showed that they weren't trying to help, and were instead trying to justify themselves. Even if you aren't going to help, at least act like it. This really hurt our impression of the hotel and of Westin. - the rooms - they are just dated, plain & simple. There are rust marks in several places, the shower is just really old. - no bath gel - they don't offer bath gel standard in the rooms, I've never seen that as a Westin. Alot of things at this property just reeked of "cost savings." Given that the hotel was packed (we also think there was some kind of convention there), maybe they feel that they don't need to go above & beyond to operate this hotel. Too bad, we really used to love Westins. On our several walks down the path, we went to the Hyatt and had a few meals there. We would stay at the Hyatt next time, hands down.