Oh my, what a tired hotel. The accent is on HOTEL. The rooms were terrible, dark, small and rather dirty - not resort caliber at all - just "hotel." Nothing in the room spoke of Hawaii - it could have been a room anywhere, in any city. We had connecting rooms (one King, the other double Queen w/ a pull out sofa, ocean view (IF you turned your head to the right). Three teenagers in one room. Pity my poor baby on the horrible pull-out bed. Stinks to be #3. Looking out of window was shocking - our view was of the other wings of the hotel. It is institutional, blocky, dated, and very unattractive. We were in a room that did not have a view of either sunrise or sunset. Looking down was a great view of the huge and lush pool area. Excellent pool. The lobby, restaurant, common areas, and pool grounds were fantastic. RUN to the adult pool if you do not have kids. Coming from the East coast - I could not sleep the first morning and crawled out onto the lanai (aka teeny tiny terrace) at 5:45 AM. I was SHOCKED to see numerous people and MANY little children making their way to pool lounges. (My kids are in late teens and met no one - most here are under 10). I decided I had better go and stake a claim for my family of 5. All chairs were filled by 7:30 AM. Hello? This is a vacation? That was my daily ritual, get up early to get a group of chairs together at the adult pool, hopefully w/ a sliver of shade. I stayed at the chairs for an early coffee and a chance to read quietly. My family showed around 8 or 9. EVERY DAY I noticed chairs that were "reserved" by 6 AM (people put towels, magazines & books on lounges to hold a spot), but the people did not show until NOON - or later! Once or twice, hotel employees placed little cards on the unoccupied but "reserved" chairs asking them not to do this, but they did nothing concrete to stop this annoying practice. Daily, I witnessed hapless couples wandering to the pool area around 9 or 10 to have absolutely no place to sit as half the lounges were "reserved" yet unoccupied. The looks on the faces of the honeymoon couples were tragic. There were very few lounges on the beach (due to local laws, not hotel rules), so I stood in the morning queue to get towels and try to reserve a beach chair. I asked on Sunday and could not get one until THURSDAY! And they charge for them, and the umbrellas. This really is a pool hotel, not a beach resort. But do visit the beach, it is lovely and far better than the beaches at the other resorts, which are sometimes non-existent, and the water is warmer than the pool water. Be prepared for lines everywhere - to check in/out, for coffee, for towels, even in the morning for the breakfast - when there plenty of open tables. I did a lot of research on Luaus. Wanted the full experience, but not the cheesy, junky kind. The one at the hotel was pretty good. Good music, great dancing, excellent fire show and not embarrassing at all. Food was not terrible and it was table service, not buffet. We were told we could get more of anything we wanted, but it didn't work like that. The meal was rushed, waitstaff hard to find. Drinks were so watered down that the waitstaff would give you two if you asked for one! Be prepared for the aggressive photographer as you walk in. I was literally grabbed and man-handled into place for the obligatory family shot in front of the lovely backdrop. Hotel is within walking distance of a few decent restaurants and a good shopping "mall" with an expensive but convenient mini-mart type store. The concierges were terrific. Bartenders were crabby and wine by the glass was terrible. Hawaii is fantastic. This hotel is not. Westins are really mid-market hotels, despite the cost. Do not expect a "high-end" experience.