I was looking forward to visiting this hotel and used a package offered through my SPG membership. However, I left disappointed and knowing I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone. While the room had a great view, it was "old" looking and smaller than anticipated. Too many little things went wrong: when we checked in we were given a room but when we entered, a repair man was IN THE ROOM removing a cabinet door (which freaked my daughter out to open the door and some man was in there), then it took a couple of requests to get the daybed made up correctly. the next morning, my appt at the spa was incorrect - I received a regular massage not the stone massage (money was deducted, but I did not get what I had ordered), they didn't have one of the products used that I liked therefore I couldn't purchase it and the staff didn't seem to care - no options given for how to purchase it.. one of my guests pedicures wore off completely by the evening (at $65 - not acceptable! ), the "free breakfast" at the OnO grill: every time I ate there I ended up with stomach cramps and diarrhea for hours...finally stopped eating there after 3 tries... I was not told of the wristband "rules" for the slide at check-in, so my kids didn't ever get to go (they were always out of bands, once I figured out how it worked...), there was no directory in the room explaining the hours of facilities, restaurants, or the pool rules, the luau was Okay (worst of three I've been to on the islands), but there were a lot of spectators on the sidewalk who got the show for Free while I had to pay hundreds... little things which had only one happened I probably would have ignored it, but put all together and it was not a good experience at all. Very disappointed. The two good things? My concierge Nicki was AWESOME! she saved the day, and quite possibly the entire vacation experience. And the restaurant Tropica was amazing for Thanksgiving dinner - kudos to the chef. I regret spending my time and money here instead of another location.