Overview: * Pro`s - Great pool with good poolside service, nice lobby and tropical setting with flamingos and koi ponds, convenient location beside Whaler Village. * Con`s - Failed to deliver promised upgrade or even our booked room type, challenges in finding space at pool, parking challenges, small rooms, feels like Vegas in Hawaii. Booking: * We booked a promo that entitled us to a 3rd night free, daily buffet breakfast, and a room upgrade (if available). We wanted an ocean view room and after contacting Starwood were advised to book the partial ocean view as October would not be too busy and we would have no problem being upgraded to ocean view at check-in. Check-In: * Arrived at the hotel mid-afternoon and it was a bit of a zoo out front and at the check-in. My initial impression was, "Nice hotel and lobby, but I feel like I am in Vegas, not Maui". Especially after already spending 10 days previously at other locations with more hawaiian feel to them. * Waited in check-in line for 15 mins and was advised we were in a partial ocean view on 10th floor of ocean tower. Asked about our upgrade and was told it was not possible as hotel is fully booked. Asked her to show me where our room would be and was advised it was a side facing room looking out to the ocean. Room #1: * Went to our room and we were on the 10th floor looking out over the parking lot facing the hills. Was it partial ocean view? Sure, if you went out on the little deck, looked around to the right over the golf course and some other hotels, there about a mile away was the ocean down by the Hyatt. Same story as others have complained about with this hotel. Room #2: * Called the front desk and asked for a manager. A very helpful lady did find us a room on the 4th floor facing inward. However, the room directly faced a very large tree. But we did have a nice little sliver of ocean view between the tree and the other tower. Ahh, $420 a night well spent in paradise! * Each morning and evening around sunset we also were able to have an interesting experience with the local wildlife. What sounded like hundreds of birds would swoop into the big tree and have a little party. While extremely annoying, it was kind of an interesting phenomenon. Pool: * The pool is probably the best thing about this hotel. It is fabulous and winds around the tropical grounds. Despite our challenges, we still enjoyed lounging around the adult pool every day. Ask what the drink special of the day is and you can save $3-$4 off the regular price. Service around the pool was always very good. * It can be challenging to find space at the pool, especially the locations with umbrellas or close to the pool. You just have to be patient and keep working your way closer as spots open up. This can take some time though as there are typically lots of great spots just sitting there idle as people have reserved them with towels. This is not allowed, but there is no enforcement, so it happens pretty regularly. Spa Services: * Wife enjoyed a very nice massage at an outdoor setup near the pool. Rates were reasonable and she also was able to enjoy the spa inside after for awhile. Parking: * After reading prior reviews, I was expecting some very tiny parking spots. However, it wasn't too bad. Yes spots are tight, but if you back in, it is not too tough to get in there. * Finding a space is another thing though as they go very quickly (as early as the aftenoon). But they will valet for free when this happens. * It's also very easy to get blocked in as the valets will double park behind you. I had a tee time one morning for 7 up at kapalua and let them know in advance I would be leaving my spot # early and didn't want to be blocked. I was assured it would be no problem, but sure enough I wen't out there and was blocked in. Not a big deal, but i had to waste 10 minutes or so trying to get them to move the car in my way. Breakfast: * Buffet is a nice to have if it comes as part of your package. Lots of variety and a great omelette station. But I wouldn't want to pay the $33 per person or whatever the ridiculous amount is. We stayed at the Hotel Wailea earlier in our trip and missed the simple continental breakfast they offered. Conclusion: * We still had a good time and enjoyed the pool, but we won't be returning to the Westin. We were concerned by some of the poor experiences expressed by other reviewers and unfortunately we also had similar problems. * While management did try to resolve our room issue, in the end we did not receive what we were promised. This is especially annoying given I expressed this concern when booking and was assured it would not be an issue. * I cannot recommend this hotel as there are simply better values out there. ** Check out my other reviews for Hotel Wailea and Fairmont Kea Lani for comparatives.