There is no way this hotel deserves to carry the Westin name. First of all, the room descriptions are fraudulent. I reserved the partial ocean view room thinking we would have a decent view for our one of our honeymoon stays. Instead, we were stuck in a room facing the road with a balcony overlooking the parking lot. The only "ocean view" about it was a fraction of a glimpse of the water stuck between two buildings only after walking to the very edge of the balcony and straining your neck around a 90 degree turn. After complaining to the front desk, we were told that this was what they considered a partial ocean view, but after explaining what the term "fraud" meant, they promptly gave us another room. Problem solved? Not even close. The new room looked clean, but after we unpacked, we discovered that the toilet was completely soiled. Since we were so tired from moving around, we just called the front desk to clean the room again. When we got back to the room, we discovered the a/c had a hideous mildewy smell. That wasn't a problem, thanks to the fact that the thermostat broke after being on for only a few hours. Although the hotel engineer came in and fixed it, he said all the rooms have the same nasty smell from the a/c. We got another treat the next morning when we discovered the shower drain was nearly completely clogged. Standing in stagnant hotel drainage is nothing fun let me assure you. By far, however, the worst part of the stay was the paper thin walls. I am not kidding when I say you will hear every single conversation from both rooms next door. Thanks to the poor insulation and connecting room doors, we were up all night from crying kids on one side and obnoxious partiers on the other. When I complained to the front desk, all they said was to call again when it happens, and security would knock on their door. After explaining that one of the rooms was from a crying baby, she happily reported that they were checking out that day. What about the other side? Thanks alot. Overall, this was by far the worst experience we had of the 3 hotels we stayed at while on our honeymoon. The pool, shops, and restaurants in no way make up for the nightmare room experience. I would suggest any serious traveler avoid this hotel and go up the road to Kapalua. If you have to stay in Kaanapali, avoid this overpriced glorified holiday inn. Trust me, you will thank me later.