This is a great disappointing hotel that don't even care about their guests properly. Why do people go to Maui? to enjoy Maui's fabulous nature? if so, then you're making the wrong choice to stay in a resort in the first place because what you can see at these places is artificial beauty. The real beauty in Maui is in the south of this fabulous island on the way to Hana and beyond. So, why I have stayed in such expensive supposedly one of the best resorts over there on my honeymoon? Nothing more than to be indulged and feel the luxurious peace of mind. Simply, I didn't feel any of these for the following reasons: - Over priced compared to the service you receive (not a value of money at all) - Their service level cannot be categorized as luxurious, but fairly acceptable. - You may have paid a lot of money to stay at this hotel or even paid the triple the price to have an ocean front like I did to enjoy the sunset during my honeymoon stay but don't expect too much. You just paid for your bed and the use of the lift to your room. Everything else has to be paid as extra (same concept as cheap rated hotels). Even for any service that you pay for, there are two categories, the cheap and the expensive one. High class luxurious hotels never charge you extra or categories their services because they assume delivering the best service ever which is not the case in this poor hotel. - The hotel fees that you'll be charged for are nothing more than just using you and trying to milk your pocket. - I was really astonished after traveling 30 hours from my homeland to this resort to stay by the sunset and the beach to still need and paying the most expensive package available at that time, that I still need to pay extra for my shade on the beach!!! ... This is just ridicules. Add this to the bad behavior of the beach chairs' attendant, even after escalation to the management, you receive nothing but simply s**t treatment. I don't know what is the difference between accessing a public beach which normally have have chairs and tables for the public for free and this $475 room per night resort's beach? guess what? you still need to pay an extra $55 for your shade and chair :)). - $25 hotel feel per room per night! For what?? To have high speed internet access in your room, park your car, free bag, free photograph per couple per stay. As if any single star hotel anywhere in the US doesn't provide all these services already for free. This is what you really get. VERY VERY VERY slow free internet access in your room that get's you bored while you're supposed to spend this valuable time at the beach or enjoying the island or simply relaxing! If you want to have a high the real high speed internet you have to pay $10 per day!! ... so why the hell I am paying those $25 hotel feels in the first place??? ... You're allowed to self park your car for free in the self park area where the market car lots are not sufficient for any mid size car to fit it. Even if fits, you can't open the car doors without hitting the car next to you. expect the same to be done to your own car as well. Don't want to risk scratching your car? then valet park it for $15 per day! .. wow .... did I mention that you're entitled for a free photograph??? Guess what, you're entitled just to see this photograph on the computer screen but you have to pay for the print out :))) ... yeah, you've started hitting my ba**ls hard baby :) ... Where is my free bag that was included in the $25 hotel fees??? You'll find a plastic bag (can be used for your garbage) in your room. Although you pay for these $25 hotel fees daily but you'll receive this garbage bag once per stay. - Basic requirements like bath scale, bath slippers .. etc has to be ordered from the room service. exactly like any other cheap hotel. Thank God that I have planed my honeymoon on 3 parts ... I have enjoyed the other 2 plus Maui as an Island. My next visit will not be in a hotel. Or I will choose the cheapest as not to have high expectations that I wont get anyway. By the way escalation process of management is very poor, bear the staff as they have nothing to do with the hotel policies. They hear these bad words everyday from a lot of people like me and you'll do. At the end they have nice beds in outdated old rooms and fabulous view and location by the sunset ... anything else is not even worth mentioning. I highly urge Westin's management to leave this nice location to another chain like Ritz-Carlton, Fairmont or Four Seasons to take care of tourists visiting this area.