We recently stayed 5 nights at the Westin Maui in late June 2010 to celebrate our Honeymoon. First off, I must say this hotel has a very nice staff. Everyone was very pleasant during the duration of our 5-night stay. However, having said that I must say that this hotel is in need of improvement in many areas!!! We flew in on a Monday morning and arrived at the hotel at around 11:30 am and were told that the check in was not until 3pm. There were no spare rooms to refresh us after a couple long flights,. This was a slight annoyance but we got over it quickly and just let it go. The lobby area was very beautiful, had a beautiful waterfall, and it had a very warm inviting feel. When we finally got our room we were upgraded from a king/terrace view to a partial ocean view. Unfortunately however I was told that the room they selected for me had two twin beds. I unwillingly had to accept considering that this was a special occasion so I relented and just went with it. Now an issue I defiantly have is that this room was COMPLETELY outdated. The first giveaway is the acoustic popcorn ceilings that are found in the hallways and room; I mean most places stopped using this type of ceiling back in the mid 1980s! The room we stayed in had no closet; instead they put an armoire in the room, which shrinks the room considerably. The wallpaper in the sink area was peeling, the fire sprinklers were rusted, the balcony needed new paint, and the balcony table had cracked glass. It was just so disappointing! Even the elevator up to the room felt very dated and old. They added some paint to the doors to try and update it, but it still feels out of date. Overall, I mean this is Maui! Im paying a lot of money to stay at a Westin Resort & Spa. I should have gone down to complain but my bride just told me to let it go, were on our Honeymoon and only staying for five nights. I even earlier asked the very nice lady at concierge which tower was the more updated one, and she responded that they both were recently renovated. This was absolutely nothing that I noticed anyways. Another thing, I know that this hotel gets A LOT of honeymoon couples and thats great. I mean Maui has always been HUGE for Honeymoon couples, I know that. But if this Resort could put in any effort in showing appreciation, it would go a long way. They did nothing to let us know that they were glad we decided to spend our honeymoon staying in their hotel. I had to ask the receptionist if they did any kind of flower lei greeting when we arrived. She went into the backroom and came back and handed us two shell leis, which was pretty nice. When I went to the room I asked the express service line if they had any kind of special honeymoon stuff that they do, like champagne or rose pedals on the bed. Later that evening I was surprised with a nice bottle of Champagne, so I thought WOW how nice is that! I thought this bottle would be a great way to celebrate my wifes birthday, which was on Wednesday the 23rd. So I went and made dinner reservations at the hotel's Pacifica Restaurant for Wednesday at 6:30pm, just in time to eat dinner watching the sunset. Unfortunately though when I brought the bottle of champagne to the hotel restaurant I was told due to Maui liquor laws I couldnt drink it there, we had to drink it in our room. Now that is fine and all, I can be pretty understanding in regards to state liquor laws, but I wasnt offered any kind of alternative to the situation. The manager simply gave us a no, and the restaurant had to take it back to our room for us, we couldn't even take it with us. They then proceeded to show us their wine list and since we cant drink our honeymoon champagne for dinner, we can now instead buy some drinks! The waiter was very nice, but we decided to go to Cane & Taro which is next door in Whaler's Village, where we had a great dinner! Last, The $25 charge they make you pay is a complete rip-off. Now I know most hotels are using this resort charge these days, but its a complete racket and Im surprised some hotels havent removed it yet as a courtesy. Among the things you are given for this charge are two small bottles of water per day and 1 photo session with a 4x6 image (more up sell opportunities for them to make more money) and I got to say for $25 a night the photographic company that takes the photos should call you to schedule an appointment Hi, my name is __________ we noticed that you recently checked in today and would like to know if you would like to schedule an appointment today for your photo session. When we did go to make an appointment we were told they didnt have any openings until the following week! In closing, the pool was beautiful, and the staff was extremely nice, but this Starwood property needs some major updating! The nickel and diming of guests needs to stop somewhere. Instead of having multiple concierge associates, re-assign some of them to a specific task like following up with guests that are staying there for a special event! This is Maui, not some downtown slum! Show up the other resorts Westin! I know Ive been pretty critical, but Im pointing this stuff out so that they can learn and improve! Guests who are traveling to Maui have a lot of options to choose from, and Westin is on prime real estate on Kaanapali beach! If they completely gut and renovate the property, it will be unbelievable! Until then I cant recommend this property to anyone, and will be sending people to the Hyatt, Marriott, or Four Seasons in Wailea.