This is an older property that Starwood has dressed up like a Westin, but its only superficial. The public areas are gorgeous, and the property has heavenly beds & showers, white tea bath products, and the superfoods menu. Beyond that, dont think of this as a Westin. Our 1st room was in the Ocean Towerthis is the oldest section of the hotel, although we heard that some of the mountain view rooms had been renovated. Our ocean view room had awful lighting, dilapidated furniture, worn carpet, black stains in the grout, and no closets. The layout was very poor with too much furniture crammed in, which is probably why most people say the rooms are too small. Some reviewers have noted that the rooms are dirty, but it seems more like years of crud built up in various places that housekeeping just cant remove. One thing we noticed was sprinkler heads, of all things. One was completely rusted out and the other was so caked with dust & dirt that it was barely recognizable. Would they have worked in a fire? Maybe, but their condition shows a total lack of regard for guests. On day 2 we went to the front desk and started describing the issues with our room. Before we got halfway through the list, the clerk was already moving us to a room in the Beach Tower. This room was MUCH better, although the couch looked like something they had found on the side of the road. It was filthy. We were warned there might be noise from Whalers Village, but this was not a problem. The staff was pleasant, even though they were usually overwhelmed. Day after day there was a line at the front desk and the phone rang off the hook as 1 or 2 clerks worked diligently. Meanwhile, 6 or 7 concierges (a.k.a. timeshare salespeople) stood around chatting together. Either hire more desk staff or train those concierges to help out. There is no SPG member check-in. Bottom line is that this place needs a major overhaul. Maybe the Beach Tower can do with just a sprucing upnew carpet & tile, fresh paint, furniture replacement, etc. The Ocean Tower needs to be gutted and modernized. Either that or Starwood needs to re-brand this property as something lower than a Westin.