Stay: July 29 - August 4, 2009 Room: Terrace Room - Garden Room Upgrades (?): Room (from a Terrace Room - but next to an elevator), Late Checkout (but not without a fight through some lies) Comments: We had some friends who were getting married in Maui, and it happened to be right after my birthday, so we (wife, 6 month old daughter and I) to turn it into one big vacation. Unfortunately, this property is now on my "never return" list. Everything was great until we got there. The concierge desk (NOT the Timeshare "personal" concierge) was extremely helpful and provided us with menus of restaurants and put us in touch with activities beforehand. They were a pleasure to deal with. Unfortunately, the "personal" concierge even went as far as to contact me on my cell phone to let me know of the great package they had for me if I would only come downstairs to see her. If you want to email me, leave me a note in the room (which they did, twice), or leave a message on my room phone, that is all fine by me. It is just something about receiving a call on your phone that is a little irksome. But I digress... The hotel grounds are very nice. Very open, very expansive. Everything is very nicely appointed and well-maintained. There was very little litter to be found anywhere. There are several pools and many lounge chairs, but very little in terms of shade. If you come out to the pool after 7am, you will have no luck in finding shade, and a difficult time finding a chair at all. However, the pool does empty in the afternoons, and starting about 3pm you will have no problems at all. You have to get a wrist-band to get towels, and are told that each unreturned towel will result in a $25 charge. This is essentially unenforceable however, as once they close the towel shack in the early afternoon, you can take and leave towels as you please. The pools are unheated, which I was not expecting. The ocean water actually felt a tad bit warmer. Later in the day (since the hotel blocks the sun from the east until about mid-day) the water will warm up a bit. We also had room service a few times, most of the food being the same as the 'Ono menu. It was slightly more expensive in some instances, but as SPG Platinum you receive 20% off room service (but not at the restaurant itself) so if you want to eat in the room it will actually be cheaper than going downstairs. There are other discounts Golds and Platinums receive (spa, etc.), but we only used the room service one. Now on to the stay...unfortunately it did not live up to expectations...I put in our reservation notes and contacted the hotel directly before our stay, letting them know that I was there in part for my birthday and in part for a wedding, travelling with my wife and our six month old daughter, and that I would appreciate any accommodations they would be able to provide us. Unfortunately, that seemed to have meant putting us in a room directly adjacent to an elevator. This does not bode well when you have a six month old infant. I am not one to return and complain, especially after I gave ample opportunity to take care of us right the first time. Strike one. Being a destination wedding, I was able to convince one of my friends who would also be out in Maui to stay at the Westin as well. He is a taller person, and pre-paid for a room with a King-sized bed. We he arrived it was about 45 minutes before typical check-in time (2:15 or so), so after the desk agent took all of his information, she asked for his cell phone number so that they could call him since his room was not ready and let him know when it would be. Over 3 hours passed by and there was no phone call. He returned to check-in and was given no explanation. He entered his room to find it was two doubles, not the King like he had already pre-paid. He was unable to switch rooms. Strike two. I mention this story about my friend because he will now most likely not give Starwood another chance, and my recommendation did not live up to expectations. The individual who took my friend's phone number and failed to call at check-in also had a rather unfortunate experience with us on our last day as well. I went down in the morning of our last day to request a late check-out. As always, when I know that I will need a late check-out in advance, I will mention it at check-in as a sign of courtesy. The agent informed me that it wouldn't be a problem and that worst case I would have to change rooms. Our departure flight was later in the evening, and our daughter needed to take a nap. When I asked the individual who dealt with my friend about a possibly late check-out, I was immediately told that the hotel was sold out and that I had to check-out at noon. Unfortunately for her, I also have the SPG application on my iPhone and just minutes earlier verified that there were in fact several rooms available. I let her know of this, to which she asked for my room number and said that my room was blocked for an arriving honeymoon. I then asked if I could change rooms, as per the check-in agent, but was told that I would incur a charge. My response to this was that I would in fact not incur a charge because I was a Platinum SPG member and late check-out, if available, was one of my benefits. Her immediate reply to this was that I was not Platinum. I asked why she would presume such a thing, to which she replied that I was not marked as a Platinum. Again, I knew this was incorrect as I had not only made the reservation as a Platinum (so my reservation did not need to be refreshed), but I also put it in my reservation notes, in the email I sent to the hotel directly (to which I received a confirmation of receipt by a reservation agent), but when I checked in I was given my Platinum amenity. I let her know that she was incorrect, reiterated our need for a 4pm late check-out because our infant daughter needed to take a nap, and to please check again. She excused herself to the back area, came back a few minutes later, and presented me with a key to another room. Strike Three. Going in, do I really expect a sweet upgrade? When the hotel is empty, yes I do. I will tell you that we will definitely return to the Sheraton Hacienda in Cabo because of the upgrade and how we were treated. The Westin was fairly full, but a room next to an elevator? That's where I'd imagine you put people who booked via Priceline. I'd recommend staying at the Sheraton (on Black Rock) or the Westin Villas if you want to be near Ka'anapali, so what if their pools don't have a slide?