I write this review in my Westin hotel room as I just came upstairs from arguing with a very pompous man over pool chairs. If you find that relaxing, this is the place for you! You will spend your entire time at the pool fighting for chairs. Let me start by saying this is my first review of a hotel ever. My husband and I travel frequently and typically stay at Westin, Marriott, JW Marriott, etc. In the past two years, we have been to Hawaii twice, Los Cabos, Puerto Vallarta, along with several smaller trips. I am by no means a "high maintenance" woman. I am a low-maintenance type athlete gal and have never been to a spa, had my nails done, etc., so this is not coming from some woman who expects everything to be at her beckon call. Check in was smooth. The lobby is very nice, but deceptive to what you will find in the rest of the hotel. We went to our room and it is exactly as other reviewers on here stated. I have never seen such a tiny room with such low ceilings and for some reason, they have decided to see exactly how much furniture they can cram into the room. You can barely move. The rooms are very worn, old, and crusty - certainly not up to typical "Westin" standards. It was one of those hotels that you wanted to have your shoes on whenever walking on the flooring because it was so disgusting. Basically, they have tried to gloss over a very outdated, old hotel. You can hear EVERYTHING your neighbors say, every time a door closes, a toilet flushes, etc. I cannot recall a hotel that I have been in that had such thin walls. The same dirty room service food would be left in the hallways for you to walk past for the entire day, sometimes multiple days. What topped everything off and made me decide I needed to write a review was today's event at the pool. My husband and I approached two completely empty pool chairs with absolutely nothing around them, which is a rare occasion to find at this hotel. You have to "hunt" chairs like you are an animal because people place towels on the chairs at sunrise and then don't use them the entire day. We placed our items on the chairs and some guy swam across the pool to very rudely state that those were his chairs even though nothing was on or near the chairs. I am typically a rather shy person and I actually ended up in a heated argument with this guy until I finally walked away and decided he was not worth it. For the most part, the crowd here has their nose in the air in an attempt to pretend they are something they certainly are not. The crowd is a bunch of wanna-bes trying to pretend like they are "high-rollers". I have never seen people so obnoxious and stuck on themselves. Staff is not much friendlier - certainly not the "Aloha" spirit you expect when in Hawaii. In general, this place is an absolute zoo. It is chaotic , crowded, and far from relaxing. Do not go here if you are looking to relax and have a stress free vacation! I wish I had went with my gut after reading other reviews on here and stayed away from this place. Parking - every evening when you return the self-park area is full and you are forced to valet your car. You have no choice. They are very "generous" and do not charge you extra to valet your car, but they stand there and stand there and stand there waiting for their tip. Now, if I choose to valet a car, I certainly leave a tip because that is an expected protocol of using the valet. I do not expect to tip someone everytime I want to go somewhere because I was forced to valet because the self-park lot is ridiculously small. There are numerous other items that made this hotel less than stellar, but I have already typed a book. I would never stay here again and this hotel has certainly made me think twice about staying at a Starwood properties again in the future.