Oh, where to begin. We have a home on Oahu so we travel to Hawaii a couple of times a year. We decided to visit Maui and I cashed in 60,000 Starwood points for 3 nights. My friend accompanied us and paid $350 a night for the same room, but with a view of the parking lot. We at least got a mountain view. As is typical for all Hawaii hotels, the lobby is gorgeous. The front desk personnel are pleasant. Then you get on the elevator. Somebody mentioned it was dirty but I think it was incredibly worn. It looked like a fleabag hotel elevator. I can't tell you how shocked we were. Then we get to the room. It was nice enough but I don't think I have ever stayed in such a small hotel room, except maybe London. Even New York City has larger hotel rooms. No closet, no place to put our one small suitcase. We had 2 double beds. I can't believe that Starwood would have a hotel property with double beds. My friend had a King bed so she had a bit more walking around room but not worth $350 a night. Of course you need to pay for internet, the "resort" fee, breakfast, etc. The restaurants were okay. You have to watch the birds though. They were helping themselves to the food on the breakfast buffet. There was a coffee bar/breakfast area that some people thought was complimentary. Nothing is ever complimentary at the "high-end" hotels but some people had to be told to pay and others just took what they wanted and walked away. It was so weird and unprofessional. The pool was a nightmare. There was an adults only pool which we couldn't use. The family pool was huge but too deep for our kids to stand up in. People reserved their chairs at like 6:00 in the morning but at 9:00, after we had been swimming for 2 hours they still had not made an appearance. It left people like us who actually were in the pool with no place to put our things but the grass. There were only 4 or 5 people in the pool the whole time we were there but the chairs were always empty with towels on them. They have this system where you get a towel but if you don't turn it back in you get charged $20. And supposedly they will pick up your towel if it sits on a chair for half an hour. They only went around putting warning notes on a couple of times in the two days we used the pool But we actually witnessed two fights where people thought their chairs had been stolen and some guy was getting dinged for the towel because the pool attendants collected them. He tried to take some other people's towel. It was really ugly. I've thought about what the hotel could do to have a more pleasant hotel experience. Maybe it is just the class of people this hotel attracts but "reserving" a chair while you are in your room for 4 hours is rude and I think the hotel needs to address this. If you are already paying $350 a night for a room you should try the Hyatt or stretch a bit for the Ritz-Carlton. A much classier hotel. If you are cashing in your Starwood points go to Thailand. For half the points you get 3 times the room for twice as long. I regret wasting so many points at this hotel.