After reading the reviews and looking at many travelor pictures we decided to stay at the Westin Maui Resort and Spa however we wound up being somewhat disappointed. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by a front desk employee who was anything but friendly. After informing us that there were no king rooms available with the full ocean view that we had booked we decided to take a room with two double beds rather than skimp on the view. The room was very small with the two beds in it and seemed like it hadn't been used in a while as everything was covered in dust. There was no complimentary champagne that we had heard so much about and the room wasn't even ready for guests i.e. no shampoo and soap, dirty, etc. The bathroom was small and could have been cleaner. Throughout our stay houskeeping left much to be desired. The bed always seemed rumpled and thrown together and the bathroom never seemed quite clean. The view from our lanai, however, was beautiful and we spent many evenings enjoying a drink there. Although the grounds and waterfalls were beautiful, we found them to be a bit noisy - completely drowning out the sound of the ocean. The pool areas were nice and always kept up. However, as mentioned in an earlier post, the hot tub was always full of kids and when we did finally venture in it, it was scalding hot. As with all resorts, the bars and restaurants were very pricey but we ventured down to Front Street for dinner most of the time. The food court at Whalers Village made for a cheaper alternative for breakfast and lunch. When inquiring about a late check out we were informed that the latest we could stay without a charge was 2:00 p.m. and after that the charge would be $200. We took advantage of the additional couple of hours and checked out at 2. We found the public areas of the hotel (the lobby, pools, etc.) to be very nice, but the room definitely left something to be desired for a four star resort. Also, we didn't find the employees to be very accomodating even though for the entire week we were in Maui all we kept hearing about was how slow things were there which would make me think that customer service would be at a high.