This was my first time to Hawaii and the Westin was where we stayed for the first 4 nights. I'm an avid traveler and have stayed at many different types of hotels and different ranges. I'm quite disappointed with the level of service at this Westin. After a long international flight from Japan, another domestic flight to Maui and securing a rental car, we arrive at Westin where I expected it to be a high class hotel with a nice welcome. Upon arrival, the valets were too deep in conversation with each other and ignored us, there were no bell boys to help with our luggage or golf bags, the was no lei greeter (there was a rack with some leis on it by the door that I didn't notice til day 2). Now I probably wouldn't complain about all this - except that we paid over $300 a night and I've stayed at less expensive hotels that have provided amazing service! Even the Outrigger Resort Waikiki we stayed at next (for the same price) was alot better - their staff was on top of everything! We had a Garden View room w/King bed - nice view of garden, pool, and beach. However it is pretty small and I've stayed in small hotels in Japan! Even more ridiculous is the $20 per day fee they tack on for: - Admission to WestinWORKOUT - High Speed Internet Access in your guestroom and public areas - Self-Parking - Shuttle service to Kapalua West Maui Airport, upon availability - Shuttle service to Ka'anapali golf and tennis facilities upon availability - Westin Maui souvenir shopping bag - Two (2) bottles of water replenished daily - Outdoor portrait sitting and free 4 by 6 color photograph through Westin Maui Photography Give me a break - this is the Westin! It should all be included in the rate. Bottles of water are normally complimentary at other hotels. I have to pay for self-parking as a guest? And who wants a Westin souvenir shopping bag? (which by the way is a small gift bag with a picure of the hotel on it). Taxes and fees are another $30 - so remember to $50/day on top of what your rate is. Be aware that this is a very, very crowded hotel with a very very crowded pool, if that's not your thing, then this wouldn't be it for you (Check out the private & romantic Mama's Fishhouse Inn). Good things - the restaurant food was excellent, even just at the outdoor bar & restaurant by the pool, and the concierge lady we worked with was very helpful and gave good recommendations. There is also an adult only pool. The hotel is beautiful w/an indoor / outdoor feel. Overall - I will not stay here again nor would I recommend it to my friends. I can't believe we payed so much.