We were not huge fans of the Westin Maui. We had really great expectations after reading some of the reviews here, but all in all we were very disappointed with the hotel. From the moment we checked in we ran into multiple problems and rude staff. We are Gold SPG members and had hoped for an upgrade, but were not given one. There were 3 in our party, but they did not have a room with doubles so they had to give us a king room and then move us the next day. It would have been nice to unpack the first day vs having to move rooms. Plus, they told us our old keys would work on our new room - my husband dropped us off while he ran an errand and when I discovered my key did not work I went to the front desk to have them correct the problem and they would not give me another key since I did not have my drivers license with me. I appreciate their attentiveness to security and all, but they left my son and me stranded in the lobby until my husband came back because they gave me wrong information about the key working vs giving me a new key to begin with. I told them I could give them any other kind of proof, but they would not accept anything except my DL. This hotel is so caught up in their "rules" that they put that before helping a guest. The rooms are some of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in! There are no closets either so with three people, luggage all over the place, and no closet to put things in it was very cramped to say the least. The pool was always over crowded and we had lots of trouble finding chairs. The Good: The slides and pool itself were nice. The restaurants seemed to be pretty good. The location and proximity to Whalers Village was wonderful. We have stayed at the Marriott and the Sheraton on Kaanapaili Beach before and would pick either of those over the Westin any day. See my review for the Sheraton Maui that I recently posted. From what I can see, this hotel sells the package deals and they have 100's of families in and out of the hotel all the time on the cheaper packages vs the Sheraton does not have that going for them so the customer service was much much better down there. If you are a SPG member I would highly recommend the Sheraton any day!!!