I've stayed at other Westin hotel chains before, so I had expectations. Unfortunately, they were not met at this hotel. Upon entering the lobby, I was impressed with their lagoon with cascading waterfalls, fish pond, resident parrots and flamingos, but my impression quickly turned sour when I entered our hotel room. The hotel rooms are the smallest I've ever been in - the concierge told me that it was originally designed for Japanese tourists - (read: small). My husband, myself and 2 children (9 and 11) were very uncomfortable with our belongings strewn everywhere. The pluses: The pools were lovely and not crowded even in peak vacation season. There is also a separate pool designated for adults fand a tiny hot tub adjacent. My kids loved the winding waterslide. The property is located right on a very nice beach which had some waves for the kids' boogie boards. Their trademark "Heavenly Beds" DID live up to their hype. We all slept very well in the comfy (albeit small double) beds. We avoid eating at the hotel restaurants due to the cost, but sometimes it can't be helped. The poolside restaurant (O'no Bar & Grill) actually had some very good food (pizza, chicken sandwich, nachos) that wasn't too outrageously priced. Note! Although Westin is linked with the Sheraton chain and you can EAT there, rent sports gear there (spend money there), you CANNOT use their pool. Our concierge person neglected to tell us this which led to a very embarrassing situation when we visited the Sheraton property next door. When I returned to the Westin I spoke with the manager and she was not at all apologetic and made me feel like I'd done something wrong. Needless to say, I was not happy. Which leads me to say that the staff was not as friendly as I'd expected. One woman at the concierge desk was quite rude while assisting me with printing boarding passes. This was our third trip to Hawaii, but first time for Maui and we absolutely fell in love with it, but we will not be returning to a Westin property. Also - DO NOT go the the Hyatt's Luau (Drums of the Pacific). I was aghast at the amateurish performance of the dancers. One guy kept making mistakes and constantly looking at the other guys for guidance. One of the girls looked like she was 12 years old. The brochure said we'd be witnessing some cultural exhibits - it turned out that they had tables selling overpriced souveneirs. At the beginning of the lual, we were encouraged to have photographs taken by their photographers ($20 for a 4X6 and 8X10). This "luau" felt more like an orchestrated scheme to have visitors part with more of their money. I was so turned off. I was fortunate to get my younger child in for free, but I was still annoyed at having paid $214 for a glorified buffer dinner - at least the food was very good.