The Westin Maui Resort had some very great features. It was on Lahaina Beach, which you could swim in. The pools and water playground were awesome.....if you have kids - it's even better. It was next to multiple shopping centers and restaurants. You could just walk out and have what many others would have to drive for. PAC SUN, Coach, Luis Vuitton, Rolex, ....all were here. ABC Store was next door for you to buy all the little grocery and economical gifts. It had a beautiful garden with Kois, Flamingos, Macaws, etc. A multi-level garden incorporated with multi-level pools (including two water slides) was functionally picturesque. Now the bad.... Because it was next door to all those things......businesses needed trucks to bring them items. Trucks arrived in the very early morning hours. My ocean front room echoed sounds of trucks backing up with its "beep beep beep" every morning. I could hear other rooms sliding their doors shut on what was before occupied by the serene sounds of waves. But the worst of it was that one day, I came back from a long excursion to Hana............and my bed was partially made. A luxury hotel with partially made bed! I called the manager "Jason" and he said he trusted me and did not need to see it. He offered to send someone up to make it right away. I usually leave tips at the end of my stay. Made me wonder if it was retaliation for me not leaving it on a daily basis? Jason assured me that was not the practice and it was not up to the hotel's standards. Was room service staff indifferent or had hidden agendas? At the same time I discovered this, my suitcase was also opened. I'm willing to blame this on myself. Nothing was missing, and maybe I forgot to close it since I had to leave early that morning for Hana. Coupled with the way my bed was made, I had my doubts. It seems like someone finished making the bathroom, and then did something to rush through the bedroom. Now I'm not a picky guy. I've been know to overlook details others will not tolerate. This was ridiculous. I have been to less rated hotels including economy hotels where beds were made better. For a 4-star hotel and with the availability of other competition, do you think I needed to tolerate this. Would you? For your own judgment, I've attached pictures the way my two beds were made that day. One was made better than the other, but both were in my opinion sub-standard to even lesser hotels. Judge for yourself if this is what you want from a luxury hotel. I hope my experience was an isolated one; however, for me, there's too many other fine hotels to take a risk again.