The second half of our first Hawaiian vacation ended with a 7 day stay at the Maui Weston. We had just come from the fabulous Moana Surfrider on Oahu after 9 days of bliss. The drive from the airport was so fantastic and when I yelled out after seeing 3 whales jumping out of the water, my husband almost smashed into another car. The hotel was so beautiful as we approached and we were greeted with drinks and lei's. Check in was quick and when I asked why so low a floor, I was told they were full. Our room was spacious, clean. The view from the balcony was maybe a 4 foot swatch of the beach with the parking lot the main view. Not one to make trouble, we slept and woke up to smelly, noisy garbage trucks in the parking lot. We went to the front desk and a lovely Japanese girl at the desk told us she was sorry and would try to get us on a higher floor with a better view. She tapped on her computer for a time and said she would put us on the 7th floor with a pool, beach view. Since I had paid well over 600 a night...This was acceptable. She told us to come back between 3 and 4 for a room change...We went to repack our suitcases in room 325. When we returned from exploring this magnificent island, we were told we had been moved to room 326 from a not so nice male staff member. I was so angry. You moved us across the hall. We packed and unpacked to be moved across the hall. Only room available, I was told. I asked to speak to the Japanese girl and was told she was with a client and was unavailable. I kept telling him, I was promised a hgher level room to no avail. I gave up. When opening room 326, it was dirty with smoke stained mirrors and glass doors. The smell was disgusting. We look over our balcony and guess what, we see a mostly a roof with a little ocean and pool. Now I am furious so down to the desk again and of course the Japanese girl denies that she promised a higher floor for us so I ask for a manager and after 45 minutes of waiting, I am told both are busy and cannot see us. Totally discouraged, we went to our room changed and went into the magnificent pacific ocean....Upon returning to the room a message was left by the manager, Jeff. I paged him as he asked. I asked him if he would come to our room. He did and was wonderful. He listened to our story. I was visibly upset since I paid top dollar to be treated so rudely. This was our 40th anniversary and our first time to Hawaii so I spared no expense. He said he would work on it and did agree the room smelled horrible....We don't smoke. Within15 minutes we were told by Jeff that he had a beautiful room for us in fact he had 3 different rooms we could view. HUM.....We are ful is what I was told at first. I told Jeff how grateful I was and we moved into the next new room which was so fabulous. Jeff was the niciest person and I thank him but how could the front desk have treated us so badly when Jeff found a beautiful view room. They kept saying they were full...Well that really wasn't my problem. I booked this trip 6 months ago. I had. joined the Starwood program but I am not sure, I will ever stay at a Westin again. Packed and unpacked 3 times in 7 days. The beach and pools were so wonderful but I can't get the nasty way they tried to cheat us with a lousy room when they had better rooms available.