Ok, before you judge my review you must know 2 important facts about me as a traveller. I travel 40-45 nights per year on both business and personal travel. Typically I stay at properties such as Hyatt, Hilton, Mariott, and Westin. Pros- The Hotel property is situated on the beautiful portion of the Kaanapali beach where the water is clear . I mention this because we also stayed at the Hyatt just down the beach and the water there was disappointingly murky (service was impeccable and much more ALOHA at the Hyatt- more on that later). Loved the fact that the Whalers Village (restaurants, shops, and convenience store) is right next door to the Westin. Literally, a 3 minute walk... which is nice if you are on a budget, which we were not but are prudent with our choices. Location again was a key turn on as the famous "Black Rock" snorkeling area is a short walk away. We saw sea turles, puffer fish, yellow tangs, etc...This was my favorite spot to snorkel.The pool has a fun water slide for the kids, and the atrium has flamingos and swans. Bottom line, the atmosphere and grounds make it a top choice for hotel selection based on LOCATION ALONE!!! Cons- Frankly this was a place that I felt lacked the ALOHA spirit of Hawaii. The employees seemed uninterested in service. This was apparent from check in throughout the 5 nights of lunch/dinner service, pool area, concierges, etc, If you are a discerning traveller that pays for and expects a higher level of service, DON'T, not at the Westin Maui. I guess I expect high level service from a hotel that I pay $500 a night. While this absolutely did not ruin our trip (how could you when you are in Hawaii), I found a few things peculiar. When we entered for check-in nobody greeted us with our welcome leis. This is standard for all guests checking in. Perhaps it was because we were a family of 4 with kids??? We later requested this service as we were departing and got a "put off" type attitude from the greeting person at the front. But, I just had just dropped over $3000 for the 5 nights stay, so I suppose two ~ $10-15 floral leis for my boys should not have been a big deal :) It took 3 hours and 2 phone calls to the luggage stand to get our bags (the kids needed swim suits to go swimming). This was after tipping the baggage handler $10 for 4 bags...perhaps I should have done $20 since this is Hawaii? At our first meal at the ONO Grill (Kids eat free but pretty limited menu for kids), the waitress ditched us halfway through the meal. I suppose it had been a long day so I understand she may have wanted to go home. Another gentleman helped serve us, cleaned up, and dropped the check. I hope the 25% gratuity I left stayed in his pocket and not the young lady that was so recalcitrant earlier toward us. Beach towel hut personnel were a bit short with our kids when geting towels, but just make sure you get towels for the family. No big deal. Bottom Line: We loved Maui and our experiences from the different places we toured and visited had the ALOHO spirit Hawaii is famous for. Westin clearly remains on the lower rung of service excellence among the Big 4 (Hyatt, Mariott, Hilton, Westin). There just is no ALOHA at the Westin Maui. All of these are little things but lower your expectations if you stay there or have been pampered by the Hyatt, Hilton, and/or Mariott