We stayed here for five nights in early October on one of the "special invitation" deals...the Westin offers you a very attractive price for five a five-night stay if you will attend their time-share pitch. But beware; you get what you pay for here. If you go with this deal, you will be placed in a very small room overlooking the dumpsters from the shopping center next door. If that doesn't please you, you might be offered a "free upgrade" to a slightly larger room overlooking the hotel parking lot, but they will also encourage you to check out their premium rooms overlooking the pools and the ocean. You will want that room! Because it's bigger, it's luxurious and it overlooks the ocean and the pools. If you take the bait, it will set you back about an additional $1k for a five night stay. To offset the price, they will offer you a few hundred dollars in hotel credits for taking the timeshare tour. So, no worries, we're on vacation, let's enjoy! We stayed in a premium room overlooking it all on the 8th floor and it was grand...until we took the timeshare tour. We have done this on two occasions, and enjoyed the hotel because it is centrally located and, though somewhat outdated, quite nice. However, I don't think we will go back because we were so put off by the timeshare hard sell. We took the tour and while the timeshare condos are nice, they do not offer the same experience as the hotel, and we told them early on that we were not interested in buying one (wow! do the math! they are selling each condo for around $2 million!). They passed us from one salesperson to the next and tried every tactic imaginable to make a sale - it took hours and we couldn't get away. When they finally realized we were truly not buying, they became quite rude. At one point, a snippy woman popped into the room and said, "Well, you've been here twice and not purchased, so I can assure you you will never be invited back to the hotel again." Then turned on her heel and stalked off. But within fifteen minutes, there was another fellow hammering us, trying to get us to write them a check for $3k to reserve our room at the inn next year! Huh?? Weren't we just banished from this place?? A nice hotel, but a lot more focus on the guest's current vacation experience and a lot less on selling timeshares would certainly make it more enjoyable. If you're going to pay premium dollars for a nice hotel room, move up or down the beach to a place that isn't selling thousands of shares in the condos next door.