My wife and I stayed at the Westin Maui for 5 nights (6/18-6/23/2006) as part of our island-hopping honeymoon 2 weeks ago. I was utterly disappointed in the Westin for having put their nameplate on this hotel. It is simply not up to par with the 7 or 8 other Westins I have stayed at nationwide - period. To be fair, the lobby is very nice, and in a "punch you in the face" over-the-top way, much like the Hilton Waikoloa Village on the big island. Lots of waterfalls, koi ponds, amazing pools, etc. But unfortunately, that's where the quality ended, as far as I'm concerned. As soon as you get in the elevators and make your way to the guest rooms, it is painfully obvious that this is an older property that Westin bought and has put their name on. The walls are very beat up, covered with vinyl wallpaper, all of the outside corners of the wall in the rooms and the hallways have this cheesy plastic angle-bracket material on them in an attempt to cover up the thrashed drywall on the corners. Our bathroom tub had a drain that simply didn't drain, and the tub was clearly the beat-up original one from the old hotel. The wallpaper in our room was peeling off all over the place, and the desktop was all gouged up. I would put the level of quality on par with a lower-priced Mariott property - not a Westin. I should say in all fairness that in areas where the Westin clearly had done completely new construction, like the workout facility, those areas were of disntinctly normal Westin quality. It almost drew more attention to the shortcomings of the rest of the hotel, however - the fit and finish on the Westin-built sections was drastically different. I've stayed at plenty of other Westin properties nationwide, and have always looked forward to staying at one when I have had the chance on business. This property was an absolute letdown, I'm sorry to say. The food was mediocre at best at the poolside restaurant, and the place was crawling with screaming kids - it was like an amusement park. I'm not saying that kids are a bad thing, but the acoustics in the pool area/lobby are terrible - it's like an echo chamber. Conversely, we stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Poipu on Kauai for a week after that, and there were just as may kids there, and you hardly noticed them. It was easy to get away to a relaxing spot, and the fit and finish of the hotel was worlds better. Granted, we started the trip out with a week at the Four Seasons Hualalai, so my level of comparison was possibly skewed, but even the Hyatt was orders of magnitude nicer for about the same money - and for nearly $400 a night, I would expect to see no peeling wallpaper in my room. That is straight-up Holiday Inn. Overall, I think Westin should change the name of the hotel and maybe put a "powered by Westin" logo on there or something, because as a standalone Westin resort, it is simply just not up there with the rest of the Westin chain.