Stayed at the Westin Maui for a week. Let me tell you this hotel is not in the luxury category, not even moderate-luxury. The location is perfect, resort is beautiful. But the service is very inconsistent. And the pool area is a zoo. Pool towel desk didn't open until 8am. You just can't get any towels if you're at the pool earlier. We were there in Sept, so technically not peak season. Still lots of kids screaming, running around. But I expected that & dealed with it. However, the pool attendants were just not up to par with their services. We were yelled at by other guests. The pool attendant, instead of trying to ease the guests angers, decided to fuel it. She just stood there, and let the whole fiasco go on. I eventually talked to 2 managers, who agreed with me. By that time I was embarrassed, and angry. The bottom line is, these staff are just not trained to handle difficult situations or solve any problems. They just DON'T CARE. We went to Four Seasons afterwards, and it's night and day difference. Room is small and dated. Lots of stains on the carpet. Was promised turndown service, but none until I requested it. Safe broke after 2 days. Plastic pieces in our bed sheets. Westin Maui is not cheap. But yet they still nickel and dime you. Valet parking is $12 a day. Resort fee $19 daily. Very limited pool service. No lounge bars or anything. Food was OK, but nothing to write home about. We have 4 adults, with 2 rooms, but they just couldn't figure out who is staying at which one. We have to explain ourselves each time we charged to our room. Just clueless management. The spa was good, but not great. The whirlpool is small. The service is not that personal. Again, I like 4 season's massage a lot more. Maui is beautiful, and Westin has great location. I honestly hope this hotel will pull itself together. Otherwise, people will read from this forum and realize it's not a great resort like they advertise it. The thing is, if you can afford to go to Maui, save up a little bit more and stay at the Four Seasons. It really makes a big difference.