My husband and I stayed at this hotel June 22-29, 2005 for our wedding anniversary. I was happy that I had used airline miles to pay for our stay, because the bill would have been $2800 for the seven nights. The hotel was extremely average. But what really disappointed us was the indifference of the staff. Only once during out stay did we encounter someone who went out of his way to be friendly and greet us. I expected a higher level of friendliness and hospitality. That indifference carried through just about every aspect of the hotel. The housekeeping, valet parking, restaurant staff, concierge, front desk staff, gift store staff, and others seemed to forget that they were working in the "hospitality" industry. I felt the $18 a day charge for parking, internet access, the fitness center, a 4x6 photo, and a souvenir shopping bag was unfair. If the hotel management feels it must charge an extra fee, they should build it into the room rate. I think if they are charging $400 a night they should not nickle and dime the guests for $18 more per night. We asked for the souvenir bag and they were "out for two weeks." We were not offered anything in exchange. A $20 gift shop credit would have been a nice gesture. I would have probably taken it and spent $40 on some sort of tote bag. We were disappointed with the dining choices (no atmosphere, unremarkable food, poor service) and the lack of shopping on site. There was only one gift store (sundries and souvenirs) and one small clothing shop. I expected the Westin to be a big resort with lots of fun and tempting on-site shopping. I feel that when you stay at a resort, part of the experience is the inclusion of ammeneties like special shops. The hotel seemed more interested in dedicating space to timeshare sales. Our room was on the second floor very close to the hotel's large fountain. The roar of the water was very loud 24 hours a day. One high point was the beauty salon staff. I had a make-up trial appointment and a two-hour hair and make-up appointment. They did do a nice job, but were a bit rushed during the hair and make-up appointment (it was prior to our wedding vow renewal, so it was an important appointment for me). All in all it wasn't the worst place we could have stayed, but we could have probably had just as nice a time spending half the amount of money. The level of luxury, service and ammeneties I expected just were not at the Westin.