My family and I stayed at the Westin Maui for 3 nights. We used Starwood points to get the rooms. We get 2 per night due to having 2 teenagers. We made reservations 7 months in advance. We are Starwood Gold members and have stayed in very, very nice accomodations before. We have also had our days of stays in Holiday Inn's, Ramada"s and Super 8's. We have moved up in taste from those to the Westin's, Sheraton's, Luxury Collections, Four Points and such. We checked in and orginally were given 2 rooms overlooking the front entry area/parking lot - facing inland. We asked to be upgraded being Gold members (a perk) and were given one room upgrade but had to keep the kids in the parking lot view room. When we went up to the 4th floor room for us, we opened the door and a wall of heat hit us. We tried to turn on the air to cool it down, no big deal. Then we found out why. We walked out onto the balcony and if you were to step over the rail, you would step onto the roof of the connecting buiding. They were tarring the roof right outside our room. The view would of been of the side of the tower building that the roof we overlooked connected to our tower building. If you looked to the left you could see about 5 feet of ocean view. We called the Starwood Gold front desk (they have their own check-in desk where you don't have to wait in line) and requested a different room. There was someone different there and they gave us a room down the hall. The room had a much better view which was of palm trees and bushes just outside our balcony. If you looked down to the right, you looked at the Koi, swan, flamingo pond that you first see when coming into the hotel. We could see some ocean between the trees. We did get to see some sunsets so the view was upgraded. The room was a different story. The minute we opened the door, the musty, moldy smell hit us. We also noticed makeup on one of the pillows. We called the express services to tell them these things. A couple hours later they sent up maids that brought new sheets and they changed out our entire bed. I mentioned that I thought the smell was the carpet and asked if they had recently shampooed it. They nodded yes, and made a phone call to someone-they talked in a language we didn't understand so I don't know what was being said. I think that they would agree with anything that I suggested was causing the smell because they didn't know where it was coming from either. Several hours later a man with a spray bottle of a chemical came up and sprayed a few places on the carpet. It worked...for about 1 day then the smell returned, as strong as ever. We decided to go to the local store and buy Fabreeze and keep spraying it until we could leave. We didn't want to keep complaining because it would get us maybe to a worse room. The toilet had to be flushed twice each time because if not, it would clog up. We put up with that - we aren't paying the water bill. The t.v. had really nothing on. Mostly Starwood sales information and local tourist information. There wasn't a variety of programs at all and t.v. seemed like a waste. The bed has seen it's last days. It is time for the hotel to replace it. It doesn't have the soft luxurious feel that other Westin Heavenly beds have. It didn't have that sink down in pillow top feel that we know the Heavenly bed has. The hotel staff takes several hours to deliver a requested item whereas at other resorts/hotels we are use to receiving it within an hour. The Westin Ka'anapali Ocean Resort & Villa's deliver items within about 5-10 minutes! It took two phone calls to get a lightbulb for our desk lamp at the Wesin Maui and the second time no one knew if it was being delivered or not. The Westin Maui is an older hotel. It is very, very beautiful if you see if from the lobby. The rooms leave much to be desired and the hotel has so many people walking about that it reminds me of a shopping mall at Christmas time (amount of people). You have to fight to get a spot anywhere. The beach was very, very crowed and I likened it to Wakiki Beach. There were people just feet from us. I have kids and in no way do we dislike them but were next to people that had a young boy. He was about 3 and kept making "beeping" noises every 2 seconds that went on for a good 5 to 7 minutes. The parents didn't bother to avert his attention to something else or try to get him to stop making the annoying noise. They had no care in the world if they were bothering the people next to them or not. They were the sort of people that you meet in a lower cost/type hotel. Their was also a group of people (8) that were drinking beer, cussing, talking about everyone and smoking by us. We rented a covered cabana for one day and there were no others to rent. We had to stay where we were. They were also the type of people that you see at the lower cost hotels. I know the hotel cannot control this but it just added to the dislike of our surroundings. If you enjoy lots of people, crowed pools, scoping out a vacant seat/plot of sand and older rooms then you may enjoy this hotel. For us, we like way, way less people, more personal service that makes us feel like we are the only ones there and cleaner/newer rooms. I don't like taking my little 6 foot wide space of sand on the beach and sharing the rest with everyone else and not being able to move if I want. We like quiet, clean, uncrowded beaches and feel like we have experienced so many different resorts/hotels that we have finally learned what a true, relaxing vacation is.