As my rating indicates this hotel was "okay". We arrived to find that there was a prom being held that night and there wasn't a parking spot to be found. In all fairness they did valet park us for free unless you count the tip they still expected. Throughout our 6 night stay parking continued to be a huge hassle. The slots are not even big enough for a standard car much less a mini-van. I think they should take that $18 a day resort fee and build a parking ramp. We went to see the sunrise at Haleakala and needed to leave at 3 a.m. one morning. When we got to our cars we found that valet parking had double parked all of us in. We had to wait for someone to find all the keys to the cars that were in the way and move them. At check-in we asked for a roll-out cot for our daughter. (There is no space in the room for a sleeper sofa.) Before leaving the hotel in the evening we called again as a reminder and were told not to worry. When we got back from the Whaler Village still no bed. It took 3 more calls of being told it would be there (an hour later still no bed and a very tired 7 year old asleep in our bed.) Finally after having had enough we finally got ahold of a manager and had a bed in a matter of minutes. (My brother went through the same ordeal with his bed request) The rooms are not very big and storage is very minimal. We put our dd's items in the night stand drawers. Our fridge was very small and seemed to be putting out heat not cold. The fridge in my mom's room was twice as big and worked fine (she had a double bed room). The bed was very nice with a super fluffy comforter. The bathrooms are okay. Not as spectacular as they want you to think but okay nonetheless. They do give high end toiletries which do have a very strong scent. We did get our daily water bottles. They say it is complimentary but remember that is also what your $18 resort fee is supposed to cover. Wireless is included which my dh loved. The grounds were simply gorgeous!! We were on the 7th floor with an ocean front view and it was truly stunning. One thing I probably would have preferred was the sound of the ocean vs. the overwhelming sound of the manmade waterfall, especially at night. The end of March was an extremely windy time. This made for some disappointments when it came to whale watching and going to Molokini. Due to school schedules this was the only time we could go but be forewarned the weather at this time is not what we dreamed of when we thought of Hawaii. We had no problems with the towel lines at the pool as they moved very quickly. More difficult was getting a chair anywere at the pool. Pretty much I let my child go swim within sight and I scouted out a seat or waited for someone to leave. It was the week after Easter so I expected this and tried not to get to cranky about it. The staff was enforcing the rule about losing your chair if it is left unoccupied for more then 30 minutes. They also did a very good job of keeping chairs open to guests only. My dd loved the huge snow cones they sold at the poolside food counter. It is a bit of a stroll down to Black Rock but not really bad at all. It is close to many restaurants and stores. We also went to Safeway and got basic groceries. Since our fridge was crummy we had to borrow some space in my mom's. My SIL signed up for a Safeway discount card and then we all took turns using it. It was a nice perk going down to the Sheraton to use their pool . We liked the Westin's a whole lot better but it was nice to have options. I would say that I saw more Sheraton visitors at the Westin pool then vice-versa. (you can tell by the color of the arm bands). My dd wanted a hair braid and when I inquired about them I was very rudely told that I needed to call the hair salon if I wanted an appt. If they don't want to talk to people then why not put out a sign explaining how it all works? All in all this is a beautiful hotel with average services and amenities.