Maybe it's just a Westin Curse for me, but I have never been able to justify this chain's mediocre amenities with the utterly outrageous prices. We had a less- than-perfect experience in Grand Cayman in 2004, and most likely would never have returned to a Westin, but we were participating in a wedding at the Westin Maui and decided to stay there. Hence, another disappointment -- with even extra expenses! Our room, in the older tower, was ridiculously small. My husband and I were bumping into each other all the time. There is no closet; the armoire which holds the TV set has a little side door with a double rack for hanging clothes, and two large drawers. The fridge just sits out in the room, with no enclosure whatsoever. I can learn to live with small coffees for breakfast and outlandish prices for juice, muffins and rolls, but the experience in the Salon/Spa was simply untenable. I decided to have an "up" do for the wedding, which was posted at $45 on the Westin Web site. After the stylist spent about 15 minutes creating a so-so style, she charged me $105. A miscommunication in the Spa led to an interruption mid-massage, which ended with the therapist leaving me lying on a table in a dark room for about 5-10 minutes. They would only refund up to 20%, or provide a repeat massage. I opted for a repeat massage, which was OK. Not great mind you, just OK (I had a better experience on the beach in the Dominican Republic in January -- for a whopping $35.) What's more, there is a $17 a day "hotel charge" that covers virtually nothing but parking. After spending a small fortune on the room, I believe this "hotel charge" to be extortion. The rooms were never cleaned early in the day -- quite often we would return at 3 pm, only to have to stand and wait outside the room for the cleaning to be finished. To the lost and found/security department's credit, they returned some jewelry (COD) I left behind right after I notified them, which indicates a level of honesty among the housekeeping staff that is admirable. My husband and I both got the impression that they were woefully understaffed for 100% occupancy. The location is wonderful, the pools are very inviting and the management staff seems somewhat concerned about guest comfort. But when one considers the very pricy tab for this hotel, there is no price/value equivalent. I would recommend an alternative -- there are many beautiful properties on Maui. Take the time to find one that offers a true comfortable vacation experience