Our trip was Dec. 27-Jan 5. Quite crowded but Maui was wonderful. Lots of sight-seeing and beautiful scenery! Rent the convertible and do the road to Hana, discover the drive around the northern tip of the island, snorkel, book a Pacific Whale Foundation whale-watching trip, and check out the volcano! We travelled with 9 yr old twins and had a ball. The hotel however was mediocre at best. When we entered the Westin it looked very nice but looks can be deceiving. We stayed in the Ocean Tower and the room was old and run-down. The rug was dirty and full of stains. The room was small and there was no drawer or closet space. We were staying for ten days and had to leave all of our clothes in our suitcases. They remained on the scrungy rug for the entire trip. Not sure what the cleaning staff did in our room each day other than make the beds and most of the time leave us some towels. We did have to call and beg for towels on one or two occasions plus buy shampoo down in the sundry shop since none was replaced in our bathroom. Maybe because of the luggage problem, the rug, which was dirty to begin with, was never vacuumed and I noticed for four days in a row the same grains of sand on the bathroom floor. We wiped the floor ourselves with the bathroom towels. The last two nights the pipes in the bathroom were banging so hard from around 11:30 pm through 2:30 am that my husband went to the front desk to complain, but to no avail. We would've asked to move but because of the suitcase issue it would have been even more inconvenient than staying up half the night. One day I came out of the shower to find men hanging on a scaffold doing work outside our lanai. Needless to say I shut the curtains quickly! Luckily, we were hardly in our room but for the price, we expected it to be cleaned at least. If you want to hang by the pool you need to get up and save lounge chairs by 7:30 am. People put towels down to save the chairs and don't return all day, very frustrating if you just want to take a dip. The cushions on the chairs are absolutely disgusting, make sure you get enough towels so that you can put at least one over them before sitting there. The positive was the location!! Great beach, easy access to very good restaurants in Whaler's Village and at the surrounding Marriot and Hyatt. Don't waste your $ at the Tropica, mediocre food at best. Best restaurant was in Lahaina, the Cafe Savauge (SP ?)! Would NOT go back to the Westin.