Great city, bad hotel stay My boyfriend and I booked 1 night at the Marseilles in a suite about 6 months in advance for New Years Ever. We had also booked a standard room in case anyone we knew wanted to come last minute and needed a room. We called about 3 weeks before our stay to cancel the standard room and to confirm our suite, and we were told our reservation was confirmed, but that we were lucky to have gotten one night as they have a 3 night minimum for New Years Weekend. They mentioned no issues with our being able to stay in the Jacuzzi Suite during this call. We arrived at the hotel a few hours before check in and were told we would need to wait until check in to find out anything about our room. We had lunch and went back to inquire and were told that the person who stayed in our suite the night before hadnt yet checked out. The front desk person said they had been overbooked so they gave someone our room for that night and that they explained this person would need to switch for New Years. They said that legally, they were unable to remove that persons things from the room and switch them without them present and that we would need to wait. The front desk mentioned that if we wanted to relax or wash up, they could give us a standard room to wait in and that we would have our suite in no time. I'm sure you can guess what happened - we ended up in the standard room and did quite a bit of complaining about being lied to for several hours. The good news is they did discount the room considerably and offer us vouchers for breakfast the next day. However, this was not offered until we complained to such an extent that other guests were concerned as well and we explicitly said that we expected some form of remuneration for what we went through, and being lied to. They did also neglect to tell us the hours of the cafe service, leaving us to sleep in and miss our free meal. We used the extra money to go out for a nice New Years dinner and when we came back we did discover that our room was one of two in the entire hotel with a small balcony overlooking the beach and other hotels. It was full of paint and wood chips but it really was a nice view and its too bad this isnt available in the other rooms. Since it was New Years, we were able to see fireworks and other events going on in the lounge areas of the Collins hotels. We ended up having a nice evening because we made the best of it, but the room was below average, had a smell to it, and the bathroom needed renovations. With a bit of money the rooms could have at least been clean and modern but the state of them made me not want to spend any time in them, even if I was instead on the debris filled balcony.Great location and good potential, but they need to work on customer service and being more apologetic with reservation issues. We didnt have time to take advantage of the pool /cabana area but it was beautiful and it is obvious where the majority of the maintenance budget goes. Next time I'm in South Beach, I'll do better research and stay elsewhere.