After spending two nights at the Ritz-Carlton San Francisco in a suite (about $1000/night) we had a pretty easy comparison of what a $1500/night suite should look like and how service should compare. The Ritz in San Fran was amazing and one of the best Ritz's we have ever seen. The upgraded room was well worth it. Although not a complete disaster, the Auberge du Soleil was a real disappointment in several ways and definitely nowhere worth the price. Yes, the service was good but far from exceptional. Yes, the suite was nice but not even close to our rooms at other hotels that were 1/2 the price. The furniture was cheap, most of the surfaces on the counter-tops were fake marble (wow) and the shower and bathroom hardware and fixtures are available at the Lowe's around the corner. The "kitchen" featured no ice maker, a few bottles of soft drinks, beer and wine (that are so overpriced its a joke) and a microwave oven (probably cost the hotel about $75) too small to fit the bag of popcorn offered as one of the very few snacks. Also, the shower's water pressure was ridiculously low. Finally, instead of a real bar of soap they had pump canisters of shower gel, lotion and shampoo with really cheap contents. The floors were all poorly installed wood and not even nice wood. The pool was small and only salt-water so not great for swimming laps. The restaurant in the hotel was nice because of the view overlooking the valley below. The prices were absolutely a gouge-fest. There were no options on the menu that were less than $100/person as it was all fixed price menus. Our bill for a pretty simple dinner was $330 for two people with one glass of wine each. The service was slow and we had to ask for coffee after dinner three times. Finally we just left since nobody seemed to remember. In the morning we had breakfast at the same restaurant because it was the only thing available and the breakfast although again overpriced was part of our room package so why not? Again, no coffee for a long time. The tables on the patio where setup so that they were directly into the sunlight so you couldn't see the person at your table you wanted to talk with and the umbrellas couldn't be moved to block the sun. Service was very slow but the food was very good (kudos there). I know Auberge has received great marks from others but I don't get it. Again, I am comparing it to a Ritz but the Ritz was practically half the price and in a very big and expensive city. My recommendation--if you want to tour wine country just stay in the city (San Fran) and drive up the 60 minutes or take the train and relax. Enjoy the other $500-1000 a night by splurging on something else on your trip.