This was my 6th and likely final time at El Bonita motel, it's been a family favorite for years. I was sorry to see how it had really gone downhill since the last time I had been there. Yes the value, compared to other lodgings in St Helena, is very good. The location is great, close to shopping and wineries and restaurants. The landscaped pool area is very nice and so is the hot tub but the sprinklers came on with no notice at 3:30 in the afternoon. I was caught off guard and my book was drenched by the time I jumped up from my lounge chair, scooped up my wet things, and ran. Wouldn't it make more sense to water in the morning or late at night when no one is using the area? The service was pretty awful at the front desk but the housekeepers are friendly and helpful. I would suggest they switch the front desk help with the housekeepers if the housekeepers spoke better English. The breakfast was just rolls and fruit, half an hour wait when they run out of coffee. The peanut butter jar was empty and really, nobody cares if you are happy or unhappy with the service. They just want you to pay and then go away and not bother them. They apparently do a lot of business with laborers who get up at 6 in the morning and talk real loud as they are getting ready for work. You hear everyones toilet flush and shower run. The chairs in the room had the stuffing coming out of the holes in the cushions and the rug was threadbare and worn in spots with tape over it. Half of the electrical outlets didn't work. My husband had plugged his cell phone in to charge and it was still dead in the morning. So it isn't really a place to relax and sleep in or lay by the pool and read or enjoy a cup of coffee in the morning or do most things you would want to do while on vacation. I'm so sorry to see it change like this. I was told they had not changed hands like I had thought after visiting this time. Perhaps they are managed from a distance? It makes me sad to think about not coming back next year.