We stayed here a few days after Christmas and paid around $350 per night for a vineyard room because I wanted to be away from the highway noise that some rooms are near. People kept asking us where we were staying and when told they would exclaim "Oh, that place is so beautiful! You're so lucky!" Are you kidding me? The grounds are nice, but I agree with another reviewer who called the rooms rustic. Our room was big, old and cold, and the thermostat was rigged so that if you turned up the heat, it automatically reset within a half hour. I had envisioned a cozy fireplace, however you had to make a special request to obtain real wood, and the configuration of the fireplace gave off no heat. They had a huge screen in front of it that we moved for a little while but that only improved things a little. Before I booked my room, I called to ask if they had DVD players so I could bring some movies with me, but I was told that only the new units by the highway had them. I figured it wouldn't matter much because our room would at least have movies on-demand like nearly every other hotel in the country, but I was wrong. Instead, the TV had a built-in VCR and there was a brand new DVD player in the room that I wish they had told me about. I figured that they've had the VCR's a long time, and now they have the DVD players, so the hotel must have a small movie library. They didn't and were entirely surprised by the question which is just plain stupid. It rained our first day and night so that's why a movie seemed like a great idea and I can't imagine I'm the first person to ever ask. All hotel mini-fridges are a rip-off, but the ones that burn me the most are those with the tiny glass bottles of soda so you get the least for your money, and of course that's what they had here. For the room prices, they could at least sell you a can for the $2.50. The free breakfast was mostly cereal and a number of bland looking pastries. It's provided until 11am, they put out the food and you serve yourself. By 9:15 any hot food except sausage links was gone and not replaced while we were there. From the empty pie plate, I guess it had been one quiche and maybe nothing else. We did not drink at the hotel's wine bar, but I glanced at the menu and it looked like the cheapeast glass was $12, which is higher than most restaurants charge except for very high quality wines. The one and only reason to stay at this hotel is for the vineyard and mountain views, which are lovely, BUT be careful that you get a room in the actual vineyard buildings. Ours was in a different building and although it had the view, there were two large trees blocking it. One of them had lost its leaves so we could see enough through it, but I would not have accepted it if everything were in bloom, and certainly not for the higher summer rates which people told me can be $600. This hotel is never worth that price. There was just nothing else special about it and no sense that it was being run by anyone who cares. One final disappointment is that my husband got sick the morning we had to leave for the airport and we still needed to ship a few items home, so he asked the hotel if we could pay for them to ship it for us. They said yes, but I just received the package and there was no care taken with our items and some are broken. They simply piled them in a box and crumpled a few pages of newspaper. We took a risk in not packing it ourselves, but if they didn't want to handle it then they should have said so. There was no chance that the items would arrive safely, and they knew it and didn't care. Apparently they aren't concerned with getting repeat customers, and believe me they won't.