We stayed at the Napa Valley Lodge in August '08 for a few nights on our first visit to the Napa Valley. At that time there were no discounts available and so we paid the full rack rate of $345 (plus taxes) per night. Although not exactly cheap, we wanted to stay in Yountville for the restaurants and so we paid a premium for the location; plus the fact that the property gets good reviews on TA swayed our decision to stay there. The rooms were quite large, the bed was comfortable and the bathrooms were nice; and we also had a nice view of the neighbouring vineyard from our small balcony. We enjoyed spending a few hours recovering from a hard days wine tasting next to the pool, soaking up the late afternoon sunshine. However we were always conscious of the roads next to the property, as it's just off Highway 29, and our room was at the end of the property right next to Washington St. Not that we were really bothered by the road noise, but we were aware of it, especially in the morning; or when we were sitting out on the balcony. The property is a converted motel, and so keeps a number of motel features and ambience such as being able to park outside the rooms. We actually found this fairly convenient, but I can imagine that this would not be to everyones tastes, as the property does seem a bit soulless, and lacks any real charm compared to other Napa Valley options. The champagne breakfast was an average breakfast buffet. Although it has to be said that we were either driving, or we had plans to visit wineries so we didn't feel like starting the day with champagne and so didn't try that. We also didn't book any spa treatments. We really didn't see that many staff during our stay, and so we didn't have much interaction with the staff other than check-in/out, and also because the in-room free wi-fi wasn't working (and never got fixed). The staff were perfectly professional, but not exactly warm and friendly, and certainly didn't put in any effort to introduce themselves or make our stay special in any way. We didn't receive any of the little touches mentioned in other reviews: No wine tasting passes, recommendations, offer of help with reservations, wine tasting, bottle of wine, nothing. When we took a stroll into town for our dinner reservations at Redd, we walked past The Vintage Inn and Villagio, and after a quick look around we decided that if we ever came back to Yountville that we'd try one of those properties instead. Overall we felt that for the prices charged the hotel could have done a lot more, and that they only justify their rates due to their Yountville location (there are better located options in town). But we didn't see fit to complain, or even write a negative review on TA, because we loved the Napa Valley so much, we didn't feel that an overpriced, ordinary hotel, which we didn't ever intend to spend a lot of time at had spoiled our trip. Had this review ended here, we'd be giving the Napa Valley Lodge 3/5 and possibly not writing much of a review. but we enjoyed our first trip to the Napa Valley so much we have arranged to go back this year. We also wanted to go back to Yountville to try some of the other great restaurants in September at crush time. We originally looked to make a booking in March at either The Vintage Inn, or Villagio, but their websites showed no availability for the dates we wanted. So after further investigation the only place in town showing availability was the Napa Valley Lodge. As the only available option I reluctantly went ahead and booked it. Again this time there were no discounted rates available, but I wasn't exactly surprised by that as it was peak season, and everywhere else was already full. However I kept checking back from time to time, and in July I discovered that not only were most Yountville hotels now showing availability for the dates we wanted, many of them, including the Napa Valley Lodge, were now offering discounted rates for those dates. I contacted the NVL and asked them to change our reservation for the discounted rate, so that I wouldn't need to cancel and rebook. Their reservations department flat out denied that the discounted rate was available, and told me I was mistaken. So I contacted them again, and this time I proved that the rate was available by providing them a series of screenshots from their own website. They then reluctantly backed down and amended my reservation to the lower rate. Also as this time we are visiting in September, we have been advised that popular restaurants and wineries book up well in advance and so it's advisable to make advanced reservations. So I made contact with the concierge at NVL to ask their assistance and advice in making some reservations for some wineries and restaurants. As we live in the UK, the time difference and international call rates means it's a lot easier for us to communicate with the West Coast by email; the concierge at NVL was incredibly slow, not really helpful and had to be chased to do anything (despite being exceptionally quick to respond to our initial email). I should point out that we don't want an overly planned itinerary and weren't asking for a lot of difficult reservations (such as the French Laundry, or tiny out of the way wineries) we were requesting one restaurant reservation, and 2 or 3 tasting reservations for well known wineries yet it would take weeks for them to respond. This time we are also staying at a few other Napa Valley locations, and so I had made contact with their concierge departments for similar purposes. They all eclipsed the NVL, were helpful and didn't need to be reminded or chased; despite the fact that in some cases the properties charge significantly lower rates. In the end I got fed up with the lack of customer service shown by the staff at the Napa Valley Lodge, and despite the fact that it cost a cancellation fee to do so (why exactly?? When the cancellation was more than a month before the check-in date), I cancelled the reservation and made a booking elsewhere in Yountville. I get the impression that the staff at the Napa Valley Lodge don't really enjoy their jobs, and that hospitality certainly does not come naturally to them. It seems to me that customers are seen as an opportunity to make money, and they are treated as such. As a place to sleep; a base for the great restaurants in town, and to be centrally located for the wineries it's OK (Get a discounted rate, never pay full price as it's just not worth it). But as a luxury hotel, justifying the rates it charges, and offering guests an unforgettable wine country experience it fails miserably.