think the 'check in' process is what tainted my view of this hotel. We called the hotel a few days before we left to see if it was 'OK' if we arrived earlier than 3 to check in, they said it was no problem, they would have rooms available. We arrived at approx 1:30pm and tried to check in, no rooms available. I can understand, actual check in time is 3(ish?), we we're told rooms would be available around 3:15; so we left our bags and went walking. We booked a walking tour which we had to meet back at 4pm, so we returned to the hotel at 3:30 to check in and change/leave. Upon our arrival, the check in line was out the door. After waiting for 15 or so minutes in line, and having every person ahead of us check in, we were told no rooms were available. I explained our situation, and we were told we could use the bathroom to change in... The girl at the desk was never rude, it was just a bad situation that was not her fault, so we left for our tour without changing or checking in. We returned from our tour at approximately 8pm. There were only 2 people ahead of us, but it still took another 15 minutes to get checked in. While we were checking in, a young woman in a wheel chair came into the lobby (visibly upset) and told them that had given her a room that is only accessible by stair. The girl behind the desk told her she didn't know what she could do, she wasn't showing any other rooms available. I don't know how the situation was resolved, but it seems like the hotel needs to revist/revamp their check in and booking system. The room was OK, nothing amazing, the lights were a little weird; 5 adjustable knobs that controlled 2 lights each. My wife complained it was bad for putting on make-up. The location is great, one street off Bourbon, and equal distance from Canal Street and Jackson Square. Overall, I don't know if there is anything wrong with this hotel, as I said before, I think the check in tainted my opinion; but I don't think I will be returning. I think this would be a good hotel for a group of people who are just looking to party and pass out somewhere...