To Start - Check in was a bit slow and not nearly as courteous as other hotels in the quarter. We had just spent two nights at the Marriott (the one at 555 Canal), and while I wasn't expecting Marriott level service or accomodations at the Dauphine, I was expecting the front desk staff to be a bit more friendly. I mean- they weren't rude or mean, but I get a warmer greeting when checking in for an annual visit at the dr's office. Our room was ready, so we took our bags up. The elevators were loud, small, had mats on the floors and smelled like rotting mushrooms (both elevators), but they worked. I still didn't want to touch the walls in there and found myself taking the stairs when I could. At first glance our room looked nice, but after a few minutes- I started noting issues. The most unsettling was the lack of wall hangings. There were NONE...just lots of empty wall space. I guess if they want to make people feel creeped out in their haunted hotel- this is one way to do it. It just made the whole room feel- well, off. Think sink and toilet both looked like the maid was in a rush when cleaning, the a/c vent was loaded with dust, and there were chunky cobwebs hanging from the smoke detector. TV reception was also horrible. Half of the channels were fuzzy. I paid for the cheapest room, but I guess I wasn't expecting that to mean we'd be staying over the valet area. The only "view" I got was the morning of our checkout- the guy staying in the room across from us decided to leave his French doors open and walked around in a towel for an hour. We also only had one bathrobe in the bathroom and it looked dirty. YUCK! So, we ventured over to May Bailey's to get our free drinks. It is a pretty neat place and the bartender on staff that day was excellent, but it is definitely more of a "locals" bar. Which is fine- except - it just made for a few very awkward drinks. Fast forward to us trying to sleep...I was pretty exhausted and was out like a light only to wake up scared out of my mind at exactly 12:38am. I swear that it sounds like three loud raps on our door that woke me up, but the reality- it was likely the valets/passengers slamming doors to a car getting ready to be parked. And for the next few hours- I could hear the valets talking, laughing, parking cars, etc. Not Fun! Another thing that freaked me out- when I woke up in the middle of the night- I noticed that the smoke detector flashes like a strobe light...seriously. So, it was about 4am when I got back to sleep. I'm also not a fan of the location. Yes, I know it's only a block off of Bourbon, but the closer you get to Rampart, the less safe things start to feel. Granted, we were approached by people trying to get $ from us everywhere this trip - and more than any other past trip - but there just didn't seem to be as many non-panhandling people and not nearly as much police presence once you ventured below Bourbon. The gym has nice cardio machines, but too few for the morning rush. There is also too little space for people to really do much with the weights. Finally, the continental breakfast was pretty awesome. It was in the Audobon room and they had a variety of juices, cereals, fruit, bagels, croissants, muffins, sausage, hard boiled eggs, English muffins, and make your own waffles. Good stuff! - but, not good enough for us to return. We'll probably just spend the extra $ and go back to the Royal Sonesta or Monteleone if we want more traditional lodging. I know the Dauphine is not on the same star level with those, but I think there was enough wrong with our stay that has nothing to do with star level to justify my rating.