I'm a frequent traveler and have very few complaints about the vast majority of the places I stay - generally thanks to the great recommendations I get on tripadvisor. I always roll with the punches when things are a little off, as every place has its quirks and drawbacks. But I have to note this B&B's problems. We booked a 'standard' room for 2 people on expedia, and it was a dingy, dark room with one FULL-SIZED bed. Not queen, not king, just a full/double. It was absolutely tiny and haven't seen a hotel of this price (or even motels!) have rooms with only one full-sized bed before. The room didn't have a dresser, and was much dingier than showed on the website. When we asked about this -- extremely politely -- we were told that there was nothing they could do by a defensive manager; she told us the hotel was booked so we couldn't switch rooms, and that we'd have to call expedia about the problem. After we spoke to Expedia and asked to be let out of the 2nd two nights of our reservation at least, so we could find another hotel, the expedia staffer called the Dauphine - and the manager refused to let us out of the reservation. You would think that they would want to keep up a good relationship with expedia, if not us as their guests. The next morning, a much friendlier front-desk worker switched our rooms to one with a king bed for no extra charge (so apparently there was room). Both rooms were poorly lit, and looked over their parking lot. You can hear every word that the parking lot attendants say , and it is sometimes quite loud when cars go in and out. We ordered a movie on our tv and it didn't work. The hair dryers in the rooms are absolutely ancient and one of them stopped working on me. I called and asked for a new one, but no one came in the 15 minutes I waited, until I had to leave to go to an interview with a half-dried head of hair. The air conditioning switches on very infrequently, so the room would get very hot and then cold for only a little while. The bathroom was not very clean in our second room; there was gross schmutz on the shower curtain and the toilet hadn't been scrubbed all the way. one night we came home and the toilet wouldn't stop flushing! They sent 2 people very quickly to fix it. The stairwell smelled of urine (seriously). And while we were there, the city had a water outage in the area, and there was a 24-hour "boil advisory" (to only use boiled or bottled water). The hotel only stated this advisory in the lobby - they didn't notify all the guests in their rooms or give us a call or anything, so only when I was checking out did I see a flyer at the front desk saying that guests shouldn't drink the water or even shower with it. Some of these things on their own would have been fine, but all together it was pretty bad. It's really unfortunate, but it seemed like they just didn't care if their guests had a good stay or not. On the good side, the pool is very pretty (though not heated), there's free wi-fi, the folks at the bar were very friendly (and the bar has a nice ambiance), they stored our bags for us with no problem and called us a cab when we needed one. The location is good if you like the Quarter, and it's also a short walk to the Central Business District. A recommendation: if you do end up staying at Dauphine, make a reservation for a meal at Bayona, the very highly rated restaurant across the street, as soon as possible as they don't take walk-ins when they are really busy.