After much research we reserved a Hermann House room for 3 nights. I'm a light sleeper and wanted a fairly quiet room. Our reservation stated Hermann House Premium King clearly on it. When we arrived, they acted surprised that we wanted a Hermann House room and said that was unavaiable, but they were putting us in a comperable room that would be quiet. Before we were settled we went to the bar to pick up our free drinks and a lovely lady there stated, "I just decided to come down today and they gave me one of the rooms in the Hermann House, I just love it." Unfortunately for us - room 103, where they put us, was over the pool and bar area is the noisiest room in the place and that is where they put us. There wer e3 wedding parties in the hotel and they were in the pool courtyard until 2:30. That is when I called the manager and asked if we could please get some sleep, we had started our day at 6 am to travel. The overflow from the bar continued in the courtyard until after 4 am and you could hear everything that was going on - there was little to no sleeping that night, every time you'd nod off someone would start slamming glassware or talking loudly - it was probably the worst room I've ever stayed in while in New Orleans. The following day I went to the front desk to ask about a move (the night manager said she would set this up - she lied, seemed to be the trend there). So, I very calmly asked about our move and also stated that we had paid for and reserved the Hermann House and that I did not feel we had a comparable room - I was told "OH no, that room is a class above what you reserved - it has a balcony - so no discount (wait this gets better). Eventually we spent most of our afternoon moving. No-one would help us, we were exhausted, there were no carts available, it was hot and sweaty. We finally got to collapse in our new room around 4:30. We spent the next 2 nights in room 141 in the Hermann House and it was almost like night and day. Except.....we went to bed early that night - and at 11:30 they moved people in the room above us. At this point we are laughing hysterically because they are "suitcase droppers" It was comical, we'd almost get to sleep and BAM they would drop a suitcase. This only lasted about 45 minutes, but really - it was starting to feel like a conspiracy against sleep! One other note about room 141 - the AC blows directly onto your face on the bed. My DH ended up sick from the constant blowing on his face (too hot to not run the AC). Our last night ended up being fine, of course the entire trip we were drop dead exhausted which took a lot of pleasure out of it. Then we go to checkout and I find they are trying to charge us an extra $88 for the pool room (remember - it's a class above), they did take the additional charge off, but that took a chat with the manager Sean. There were a couple of things that were nice about the hotel. The beds are temperpedic and divine, if you can sleep in them. The linens are nice. The maids were some of the nicest people we've ever met in New Orleans and the only reason this is 2 stars instead of 1. The bartenders were pleasant and even when lying to us about the quiet room they were pleasant about it. We'll stay elsewhere on our next trip, there are many places that you can actually get sleep at night that honor the reservations you make. Oh - and no WiFi the entire time we were there - good thing we weren't on business!