After many years of reading reviews on Tripadvisor.com, I finally felt compelled to register so that I could write a review after staying at the Dauphine Orleans Hotel on a recent business trip. No quarrel with the location right in the French Quarter, but I would not recommend staying here unless you have very low standards. The website photos are deceiving and make this place look like a nice boutique hotel -- wrong! It is small, but it's a dump. My first clue was the lobby, which is small and shabby. When I checked in, the desk clerk was on the phone apparently responding to a complaint by explaining that the hotel was known to be "haunted." Next clue was having to go outside in the parking garage to take the cramped, dark elevator to my room -- not exactly first class. Once I got to my room I unpacked and lay down to rest, only to be disturbed a few minutes later by a man unlocking the door and walking into my room! When I called out, he hastily retreated saying he thought no one had checked in yet! OK, not good. When I left to go to dinner I hung the "do not disturb" sign on the door hoping to make clear that the room was occupied. When I returned later that night the "do not disturb" sign was gone! Then I went into the room and noticed that the door to the balcony was open! Now I was worried and quickly checked to make sure no one was in my room (not exactly the feeling you want in a hotel room). Having found no one, I made sure the balcony door was securely locked. Was the desk clerk right? Was this place really haunted? No, just scarily bad. That night I could not sleep because of all the noise in the parking garage directly below my room. First there was honking, then loud yelling, then someone decided to power wash the floor of the parking garage at 1am. That was the last straw and I called the desk to complain. By now I was really sick of this place. Luckily I was only there for one night or I would have checked out and gone somewhere else. It didn't help that the key to my room failed to work not once, but twice, forcing me to go all the way back to the lobby in the scary elevator. Both times the desk clerk looked puzzled and said they thought I had checked out. Why is it so hard to know when the guests have checked in or out? Besides all of that, the bathroom in my room did not look or smell clean and had little flying insects in the bath (yuck). I would say this hotel depends on the myriad tourists who are either too drunk or hungover to care about clean bathrooms and secure rooms. One couple I encountered in the elevator early the next morning was having cigarettes and diet Coke for breakfast, which I would say typifies the guest at this hotel. So basically if you need a place to pass out after a night of drinking on Bourbon Street, by all means book a room here. Otherwise steer clear of this place and don't be taken in by the attractive photos on the website.