We like to stay near Bourbon street, but not directly on it, so we chose this hotel as we had never stayed here before and it is about 2 blocks off Bourbon. We booked a deluxe king room in the Herman House, which is a seperate building across the street from the main hotel. The rooms in the Herman house (especially those on the second floor) are relatively small but are very nice - exposed brick, high ceilings with beams, etc. The room itself definitely felt very old school New Orleans (note that the main hotel didn't appear to have this type of feel - we could see drop ceilings and flourescent lighting. It did appear that the rooms around the pool were old school as well. The bathrooms are definitely not old school - look more like a remodel occurred in the 80s with no update since. The bathroom was also pretty much filthy when we arrived. The toilet clearly had not even been wiped down (smudges and stains on the rim) and the bathtub still had wet footprints in it from the previous guest. We mentioned this to the desk clerk on duty on our way out for the day and they seemed genuinely surprised and advised that someone would be right up to clean up the bathroom. No such luck. We came back late and the bathroom was still the same - it was clear that no maid had been in our room to do anything. The next morning, we purposely left a small piece of hair on the rim when we went out. We stopped by and mentioned the bathroom situation to the clerk on duty and once again were advised it would be taken care of. Imagine our surprise when we returned and found the exact same problems. We complained at checkout and the manager who was available then acted somewhat put off by our complaint, actually stating that we hadn't specifically asked for the toilet to be wiped down - Since when is this a special request!?! After 20 minutes of dicussion, we were offered a $20 discount per night and sent on our way. It is also worth noting that you get a couple beer/wine coupons to the next door bar, which used to be a brothel. Neat place, but once again a bit too much of the 80s brass and glass re-do remains. We asked two different bartenders for food recommendations and got the lamest most indiferent attitude imaginable from both of them. The only staff members with any personality or of any real help were the valets. If you are looking for a hotel in a location like this with old school rooms, I'd stay at the St. Marie instead. It has the same location (maybe even a bit better for locating after a long night out on the town), also has a pool, has more charming rooms, and has better staff...