Problems permeate every facet of this hotel from staff to facilities. Both are shockingly uneven (at times very nice, the next moment just horrible). My partner and I, as well as friends stayed here for a few days over the Halloween weekend. Everyone in the group has been to NOLA numerous times both pre-and-post Katrina. Our stay was in room 219. Using the Trip Advisor rating system I give this property two stars because it is "Okay, but with some problems". Frankly I think this is very generous based on our experience there. How this hotel got listed on this site as a four star class hotel is absolutely beyond me. It is, AT BEST, a low three star class hotel. In fact, they don't even have a restaurant so this can't possibly be a four star" hotel because by definition it is not a full service property. One big part of the problem is that, even a year after Katrina, this property is STILL under renovation. Of course they don't mention this on their website. My understanding is that the renovated rooms are pretty okay, but the old rooms (such as the one we were in) are downright awful. I also don't appreciate it when a hotel makes misrepresentations on their website. From DauphineOrleans.com: "In EVERY ROOM (emphasis added), you will find a hair dryer, bathrobes, goose down pillows, body pillows, irons and ironing boards, and a valuables vault. When you return to your room each evening, you will be delighted to find that your bed has been turned down and a treat left on your pillow." While some of the above is true, there are also several inaccuracies, if not outright lies. The pillows were foam (and hard), not goose down. There were no "body pillows" and there was certainly no turndown service provided or even offered. Their maid service in general was almost totally missing in action. I understand there are post-Katrina labor issues, but the other hotels I've stayed at in the Quarter seem to have conquered the bad housekeeping issue and the cleaning staff at the Dauphine is still skating along using that tired excuse. PROS: Okay location, we got a cheap rate, heating/cooling were very effective, soft water filter was nice, free welcome drink in the hotel bar. CONS: Elevators worked intermittently, hotel undergoing renovation but that isn't mentioned when you book, rooms are thoroughly worn out (beat up furniture, hard mattress, lousy foam pillows, heat lamp and regular bathroom light are on the SAME switch...you couldn't have one without the other so it was always swelteringly hot, housekeeping is very shoddy (even though we tipped daily), there is no door on the closet, light fixture falling from the ceiling, security chain lacked the hook part, rooms over garage are very noisy (cars coming/going, alarms in the middle of the night, staff whistling/singing in the garage, etc.), interior rooms have no view to speak of, rude and/or incompetent staff (were yelled at for calling the front desk to complain about a car alarm going off in the hotel garage for several minutes at 4AM)...honestly I could go on forever but I think you get the idea. There are simply too many good places to stay at in the French Quarter. I've stayed in at least two dozen properties there myself and I would place this one near the bottom of those experiences.