Came to N.O. for Jan 23-27, 2005. For the standard "Jacuzzi Room" across the street, decent price, silly room, scary place. The room was tight, had some recent mechanical fixing being done, the doorknob was 2ft from the floor, (really) and the 6'3" gentleman had to duck to enter. Very dark room, the "locked" gate sometimes wasn't and sometimes locked you in. Went back across the street, they would do better for another $85/night. Told us of the breakfast, drinks, tea, and shuttle. The gentleman at the desk, was saying the words, but very weary and uninterested. A bright spark was the concierge; he had it together, but was bored as well. The new room was large, well worn, upstairs and in the back of the main building. The in-room safe had a key lock, no other security avail. The woman at the desk said, just take your key with you. The heater worked at 60 and 85 but nothing in-between, the bathroom, tho beautiful was exceptionally cold and the mini-bar had an alarm type thing go off at 7:30ish each morning for 10 mins. Let the desk know they said someone would fix. We were interrupted 6-7 times, people would rattle our door, (so no naps) and the maintenance man came at 7pm, said he had a fire in the laundry, and that the last maintenance man was unlicensed and everything was broken. He talked for another 1/2 hr, then said he had to go home, his shift was over and would be back at 10 am the next day to fix things. Tea was laughable, the room was dark and they made a joke about San Diego women being afraid of the dark and to just turn on the lights. You could heat your own water in your paper cup and use some teabags in the boxes and they had a plate of danish cookies out. The shuttle driver had to be found and then didn't know where 2 streets were in the quarter, mentioned we could have just walked. Mollys was usually closed or the staff missing. The morning after the 2nd night saw the desk clerk and she had no idea there was anything wrong in the room and then said if the maintenance guy said he would come back, then it was already taken care of. We had breakfast out and changed hotels at 11 am, the maintenance man saw us and said he'd be up soon.