My husband and I stayed the hotel 4 nights for a wedding and mini vacation. Too Bad. The hotel is a luxury and the classic old world charmer as I expected from Waldorf Astoria but management and staff was a Motel class. The staffs was not professional and did not know how to handle emergency. I travel a lot for business and leisure. Compare to world and US 4-5 star hotels I have been, the management and staffs did not meet my expectation, except Concierge service which was good. Staffs were not professional nor graceful. Also lack of how to handle emergency. We were taking nap after we came back from a wedding party. The Fire alarm went on 6pm followed the by the announcement  the fire alarm is activated. please evacuate immediately do not use the elevators. It was on for good 2-3min. we were totally panicked and scared, we got dressed and got thing out from the safe. Our room was on the 4th floor where the pool is. Guests from pool were evacuating in their bathing suit with young kids, no shoes, kids were crying it was total caos About 40 guests evacuated though the staircase, we met few cleaning stuffs on the way down, who were just standing and sliming at us. They did not say anything to us. We got down to the lobby, there was no evacuation. No staff was guiding us. We got to the concierge who was making restaurant reservation for a guest, we did not know what was going on. Some of us ran to front desk the front desk staff said it a false alarm. One of the guest asked to the front desk staff  how could your even did not announce it was a false alarm the stuff said to him Chill out man, it is just a false alarm. The way he responded us would never ever happen in any other 5 star hotel in the world. We were so upset how the staffs handled the situation. No staffs seem to know it happened nor no one cared. The next day, We had problem with the safety box. It was not working, we could not get our wallet to go out. First they said it must be the battery, sent a security. It was not the battery. Then they sent electrician then an engineer they were working on it hours. I was waiting on the bed-wasting my vacation time. After a while, I realized it was quite. I looked out they all just left without telling me. The Safe was working. It was to late to go out before dinner so I went out to the pool. When I came back from the pool I had a phone massage that I have a massage on front desk. I went down, the staff said, the electrician or engineer need to get back to your room to work on the safe, when can I schedule it. We were so confused. It was already fixed hours ago! Best of all, the fire alarm went on again while I was taking shower the day we check out. Once again they did not announced that it was a false alarm, we had to call front desk to find out. What a vacation! I was so relieved when I checked out. The Lobby was Grande and classic beauty. The room and bathroom was very clean. The big dark furniture and beautiful dark carpet gives Grande scale old world charm. 4 head showers in the bathroom. The pool is small side but clean. Teddys caf is pure luxury-very spacey and beautifully decorated which is great for Breakfast and quick bite. Domenica is a stylish, vibrant atmosphere wore like a New York style Italian casual dining.