I was a little troubled by first (and probably last) stay at the Roosevelt. It is a beautiful looking hotel, but the room I received was fantastically small. No tub, just a shower, and you'd have to crane your neck to look at the TV (it's positioned at an awkward angle, since it is to the left of the bed and not in front of it). Since I was on business and by myself, I figured I could survive a couple of nights. But the corner room they gave me was next to the stairwell, and I had to listen to the constant banging of the stairwell door late into the night, and early the next morning. When I asked to move, they gave me the EXACT same room in the EXACT same location, two floors up. This happened even though I explained exactly what the situation was with the stairwell. When they moved me after that, I asked for a tub this time but that request was ignored (I would have been OK if they had simply told me one was not available, rather than acknowledging the request but doing nothing about it). The shower controls are impossible are near impossible to figure out, two different knobs that work differently depending on how far you turn them (careful not to scald yourself). Directions should be posted. I was also very disappointed that their website did NOT make it clear the pool was closed (the hotel is only 2 years old, so I was quite surprised it was already under renovation). I ate at both hotel restaurants and was expecting some spectacular food - but both meals were quite bland and in the case of the fine dining restaurant, overpriced. Service at both restaurants took forever, even though both times I was there it was not busy. The rooms, hallways and public areas are pristine though. The business centre, which charges for use (but will print your boarding pass for free) was well staffed. There were no errors on my bill on check out, which I find quite impressive.. Very, very clean. Close to the french quarter. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay there, but I'd probably give another hotel a try next time.