You probably will be, and perhaps should be very impressed with the Roosevelt Hotel, initially. Upon arrival, the hotel is a striking, beautiful, stately Grand Dame. Even the namethe Roosevelt, a Waldorf Astoria Hotel evokes an air of arrival and prestige; and signals that you should prepare for something very special. Unfortunately, the curse of being fairly well-travelled is that one gains a certain expectation for service delivery; and when those expectations are left unmet, one goes on to Trip Advisor, and attempts to maintain a level of decorum while telling it like it is. If you are a seasoned traveler, and have expectations when you check into a premium, luxury hotel, IMHO, the Roosevelt will be a dismal disappointment. This hotel misses the mark on so many levels. We were upgraded to the Huey P. Long Suite for a six day period during the Thanksgiving Day Holiday. You would think this would be a great thingwe certainly did. But, it was not. The suite is a beautiful affair. Im guessing the entire space to be around 1,500s/f, with double doors leading to a formal entry foyer, then a huge living room, including original fireplace (non-working), beautiful rough-cut, highly polished hardwood floors, large HDTV, sofa, several overstuffed chairs, live plants, and nearly floor to ceiling windows. The dining area includes a 6-top Oak (Im not a wood expert) formal dining table and buffet / server. There is also a separate wet bar with refrigeration and marble counter-tops everywhere. Off of the wet bar is still another rooma very large butlers pantry. With 15 ft ceilings throughout, there are 2 very nice walk-in closets in suite, and a HUGE bathroom that features a ball and claw-foot tub, 4-head shower stall, mounted HDTV, double sinks with granite counters and marble floors and walls. Although, there is no half-bath for guests. Even though the carpeting was dirty, the bedroom was well appointed, and a bit tight. The suite is very well decorated with photos of Gov. Long throughout, and reminisces of New Orleans and of Louisianato make sure you never forget you are in the Crescent City. We arrived on a Tuesday afternoon, by cab, right around check-in. The cab stopped in front of the University Pl. entrance. It was actually very slow at the hotel during this timeframe. We know this because there were six or seven porters standing around the bell desk having a pretty good conversation, and totally dis-regarding our arrival. As we settled-up with the cab driver, we began to notice that no one was making a move to help with our luggage, so we got out, and gathered our things and headed up the steps that were covered with old, tattered red carpeting, and filled with debris and dirt. There was another bell person standing at the top of the steps, who at least had enough sense to greet us, but, not enough to hold the door open as we struggled with our luggage. This was the first indication of poor / lacking service. When we arrived at the check-in area, there was a family in front of us already at the counter, and only one person working behind the entire reception desk. There was another, very tall bell person (and perhaps a second person) working with this group, and making over them as though they were the First Family, while nearly knocking us over. At one point, the tall bell person kind of "kicked" my suitcase out of his way. This was the next indication of poor service. We immediately began wondering how these folks were getting so much attention, while it seemed as if we had been erased already. We even discussed among ourselves, who these people might be. Eventually a second reception desk person came from the back office, greeted us, and began our check-in process. He was very nice to us. He welcomed us to the City, and informed us that we were being upgraded to the Presidential Suite (not really Presidential). Since I was already a little perturbed, this news was very welcomed, and helped to take the edge off the two or three snubs we had just experienced. The clerk told us the elevators were behind us and that our suite was in the first toweragain, not offering any assistance with luggage or anything that a guest checking into the Presidential Suite might expect; or that we had witnessed the other group receive. We were on our ownanother indication of poor service. When we arrived at our suite, prominently located at the end of the hall, there was a large placard beside the double door, reading: Gov. Huey P. Long Suite. In that instant, we were very happy, and anticipating what we would find behind the double doorit had to make up for the heretofore lackluster service. We were not disappointed at first. It was huge. You could not even determine the end of it when you first walked in. It felt like a luxury apartment in the middle of Manhattan. Then my nose took over, and all I could smell was mildew. I never could tell where the smell was coming from. There was also mustiness in the entire suite; but, as long as the 2 separate a/c units remained on, the smell was only slight. Seeing that it was about the cocktail hour, we pretty much dropped off our luggage after ooing and awing for a few minutes, and headed down to the Sazerac Barwhich is absolutely beautiful. There are huge murals on the walls which tell the story of Louisiana, and New Orleans (and own up to All the citys historyincluding slavery and ill treatment of African Americans which occurred in the City). We were really excited about the bar because we had seen it on perhaps HGTV, and it is pretty renownedand ordered special of the House drinks off the menu. I had a Ramos Gin Fiz. It was not good. There was more egg white in it than anything else. I shared my displeasure with the waitress, but, she didnt care. She didnt offer to fix another drink, or to take it off the billstill another indication of poor service. We didnt return to that bar again. We didnt feel exactly welcomed in there anyway. Perhaps they meant to send the message that we were not really wanted there--I'm not sure. They weren't getting anymore of my money, anyway. But, the contractors were there in the lobby setting up the Christmas decorations at this same time. They were all very pleasant and welcoming to us. We even noted that the people setting up the Christmas trees were nicer to us than the hotel staff! (Decorations are over the topin a good way! The only bad thing is they are old and dankthey need to get new, fresh decorations). Then we went exploring around the hotelwe went up to the pool area, which was totally empty, and restaurants and other public areasthey were all nice enough. We went to the Besch Restuarant, and the people were warm and inviting there. I understand they are only a tenant in the hotel. Maybe that explains the difference in treatment and ambiance. Finally, we returned to the Suite. This is when we discovered the TV remote controls did not work. We tried different things to make the remotes work, but, they were just not going to cooperate. Finally, I called down to the front desk, and asked them to come and fix the remotes (I really thought something was wrong with the TVs). You could see the wires hanging behind the TV in the living room as if someone had been working on it, but, didn't put the cables back in their "hidden" state. By the time a young maintenance man arrived, I was in the bedroom lying across the bed. The maintenance man could not get the remotes to work, either. I asked him to change the batteries in the remotes, which he initially refused to do (poor customer service). At one point the remote finally made the TV power-on. The maintenance man indicated they were working now. When he handed me the remote I tried to operate the TV, it still did not work. He took it back from me and said: yes, it works; you just have to stand next to the TV. Eventually, he agreed to go and get new batteries for the remotes. As he warmed up to us, (over the hour or so that he and another maint man were there), he eventually admitted that there was an ongoing issue with the (Lodge Net) remotes functioning properly in the hotel. He also pointed out that we were not getting any of the premium channels we were paying for. So, for 6 days, we had to just stand next to the TV in order for the remotes to workboth in the living room and the bedroom; and we didn't see HBO, or all the other premium channels that we paid for. Are you feeling Presidential yet? I just know that if I were the manager at this hotel, there would be a standing directive that I be notified immediately if the tenants in the Presidential Governor Huey P. Long Suite are complaining about ANYTHING. But, we never saw or heard from a manager, until the end. But, wait. This is nothing. When we went to bed in the wee hours, we realized there were three smoke detectors in the unit. We knew this because the detectors blinked, in unison, bright white light, like the strobe lights on an airport runway. WE could not sleep at ALL. I called down about 7AM in the morning to complain about this (we went out and partied, and didnt return until the wee hours!!!). The clerk at the front desk said: no one has ever complained about this before. As if to imply: ...so, why are you complaining? An hour later maintenance men came with a ladder, and sarcastically asked us what we wanted them to do about it. We asked them to put tape over each of the detectors strobe lights (duh); and that's what they did, but, only after acting like they were being inconvenienced first. Of course, this was during the daylight hours, and they were not the ones trying to sleep with intense strobe lights blasting their eyes out in the middle of the night. They only did a half-witted job of covering the strobe light smoke detectors, and the lights were always annoying, even with the tape. And still no manager!!! I made another call that morning to Room Service. I explained that I had read on the Roosevelt Hotel website that since the hotel didnt provide coffee makers in each room, they provided complementary coffee upon request. I asked the lady on the other end of the phone if she could deliver our complementary coffee. She told me: You better go and read the website again. This hotel dont give away no free coffee. Well, upon my return home, I took the young ladys advice and did go and read the hotels website again. And in fact, under the Q&A section, it clearly states, the hotel will provide coffee at no charge. So, my suggestion would be that the hotels employees go back and read the website. I would also like a refund for all the coffee we bought from the hotel bakery shop. At a point, after you are so frustrated, and disappointed, nothing is going to be right. Even if it is right, it will not be right. We reached that point with the remotes, and the number of complaints we had already lodged on just the 2nd day of our vacation, with absolutely no communication from the hotels management. Here are some of the other issues: no waste basket in bedroom, radio (which they brag about on the website) did not workit was not even plugged in when we arrived, so they knew it wasnt working before we got therethere was no clock in the unit as a result, live plants had layers of dust on the leaves, and had yellowing and brown leaves, drapes dragged the floor and were difficult to open and close, they brought us dirty champagne glasses and carried them in their hands (as opposed to on a tray, like you would think they would), they were extremely stingy with towels and face cloths, even after requesting more, they never cleaned the bathroom for 6 daysonly replaced towels, if we asked maid service to come back later (after showing up at 8:30AM), they wouldnt come back at all, we only had turn-down service once in 6 days, they never vacuumed the carpet in the bedroomthere were rocks and mud on the floor for the entire 6 days we were there, we had to beg them to change the sheets on the bed, and even then, they only changed the sheets and didnt clean up, there was only one robe for two people (and one size does not fit all), you had to pay for internet service (even in the Presidential Suite), desk blocked the walkway in the living room (we figured because the hotel was too cheap to drop an internet line in a location that would have been better suited for a desk than the hallway), old windowseven on the 11th floor, the suite was extremely noisy (and cold near windows) from outside city noise (if they brag about a multi-million dollar renovation, they should have done it correctly), my pet peevethey did not have a plastic liner for the ice bucket, and it was a major problem for them to bring one, after we requested it, they wiped out the used / dirty drinking glasses in the room and put them back on the shelf as if to suggest they were clean and ready for re-use (I guess that's how they prepared them for us in the first place), and although the shower stall had 4 shower heads, you had to use one head to prop=up the other head so that you could use itotherwise, they were limp and just fell over. After we got over the initial "awe factor" of the Suite, we started to realize it was ust not clean, and we were therefore never really comfortable in it. Any interaction we had with staff was categorically not pleasant, with a few exceptions at the Besch Resturant and in the Deli shop. Staff was either condescending or pompus; or both. On the day of check-out, I arose early. A cleaning lady had already entered the Suite by 7AM saying she was sorry--that she thought we had checked out already. I went to the front door and saw the bill had been slipped through. Upon inspection, I realized there was a big problem with the charges. Instead of our bill being X, it was nearly 3X! Needless to say there was a major disagreement at the front desk that morning. After speaking with a young man at the front desk who represented himself as the hotel manager and who has evidently never been to a customer service course in his entire short life, David Simonis eventually came out, and was at least professional, although not friendly. (This is where orchestra plays "grand entrance" flourish) He eventually agreed to fix the problem with the bill after we passed a few words and he realized the fault was that of the hotels; and after he destroyed any hope that we might remember our stay at the Roosevelt fondly. Its too bad that no one ever told him the customer is always right, especially when you are paying for luxury, "Waldorf Astoria" treatment. His attitude was condescending, and dismissive. All things considered, this hotel added absolutely nothing to the enjoyment of our vacation. Any positive memories we took away were a result of us deciding we would not be deterred from having a good time by the poor experience at this hotel. On the positive side, we felt safe at the Roosevelt. But, if you are seeking a luxury experience, try the Ritz Carlton, across the street. None of these things would have happened over therea manager would have been up to that suite after the first complaint to the front desk, making sure all problems were resolved immediately; and I certainly would not have had to argue with an early morning manager about a bill at the Ritz. If I wanted to argue over a bill, I would have never made reservations at what I thought was a luxury brand. We checked in to the Roosevelt because our home away from home is an integral part of our vacation experience. We were made to believe the Roosevelt would deliver on these expectations and thus enhance our vacation experience. We agreed to pay more, because we expected morewe didnt get what we paid for.