I stayed at this hotel many times when it was the Fairmont and thought it would be nice to revisit it again with it's makeover and introduce my husband to it. The entrance was cold and unoccupied. I had to wander alone down a long corridor to try and find a soul to check me in. There was only one person working the counter and she was helping another customer. So we waited with our bellman for almost 10 minutes before she finally acknowledged us. When she was finally ready to assist us Instead of walking over to the Diamond check-in counter where we were she just stood and waited for us to join her. We felt less than welcome by Catherine and every request we made which we are accostumed to having fulfilled at every Hilton property we've ever stayed was denied or would require an extra fee. I was expecting a refrigerator in our room and I was told that would be $50 a night. It's often not what you say but how you say it that makes the difference in good customer service. After a few hours in our room which was suppose to be an upgrade we decided that our trip was tainted by the poor service and decided to check out the next morning. So I called the manager (Dennis) explained our disappointment and instead of trying to make this right he said he would need to speak to Catherine to confirm our story and then call me back. So his attitude didn't make me happy either but he did explain that a refrigerator would be $50 for the stay not per night which is much more reasonable. So when he called me back to offer us an upgrade to a suite at no additional charge for our entire stay (with a frig) we declined. When we checked out we paid in full for the one night stay that we used instead of the four that we had originally reserved. Dennis confirmed that there would be no penalty for the early check out. By the way, we moved to the Harrah's Hotel where they gave us free rooms that were very similar to our room at The Roosevelt. Two days later we noticed two additional charges from The Roosevelt on our credit card one for $1000+ and another for $1200+ for the rooms we didn't stay in. When we called we got the run around from the hotel. One person could only find one charge, another person found both and said one was for the entire stay and the other was for a no-show! A third and final person told us there was only one charge the other was a authorization that would dop off in a couple days and that she was going to have the one charge removed and call us back. Well, wouldn't you know we never heard back from her or anyone from The Roosevelt Hotel. I have not checked yet to see if the charges have been reversed. So while the rooms were nice they were not over the top and the customer service or lack there of was painful. I do not recommend this hotel.