This is not an awful hotel. It is, however, a disappointing one--and at full price, a terrible value. Also, it seems that either the management or the ownership of the hotel is asleep at the switch at times. A number of New Orleans hotels date from the late 70s, or early 80s, and this one opened in 1984 in time for World's Fair. Unfortunately, this hotel looks every bit of its 26 years at times, in decor, in upkeep, or both. While other hotels date from the same period, you'd be hard pressed to find a hotel as charmless, inside and out, as the InterCon in New Orleans. In a city of great character, this is a structure that looks all the world like a 15 story office building. That sense doesn't go away once inside the front door, either. A bank of escalators rises to a rather non-descript second floor. And the weekend I stayed here, one or both of the escalators was broken. The rooms are average sized (though for New Orleans, above average) though the position of the building and its lack of height deny guests much of a view. Great beds are the highpoint of the room. The room's carpet was particularly dated--both in pattern and age. Nearly didn't want to walk on it with bare feet. As befits an InterContinental, there are some nice details--bathrobes, phone in the bath, bathroom scale, a nice coffee making machine (the single cup sanitary kind--thanks). The TV is about 15 years old and is encased in a huge armoire. The marble bath is large, but a wall between the vanity and the water closet/bath bifurcates the space awkwardly. Curved shower rods would have been a nice addition. The shower didn't work well--once I notified the front desk, was fixed quickly and well. Bathroom amenities are tough to open--particularly with wet hands. There is mouthwash available, but you have to ask for it. . .how about placing it in the rooms? WiFi is free on the first three floors, but no one bothered to tell me that at check-in, and the wire-required internet in the rooms costs $5-10 a day, depending on how long you purchase it. (Note to hotel--just do it free throughout the hotel. Feels cheap and nickel/diming to do otherwise). There is a fitness center and pool on the 15th floor. Fitness center was fine, clean, and bright, though the clock there was broken throughout my stay. The pool is small, and the outdoor pool deck smaller. Location is not bad--on St. Charles Avenue on the streetcar line to the Garden District and Uptown, four blocks from the French Quarter in one direction and four blocks from the Casino in the other. I paid $61 a night on Priceline. As such, the hotel was not a bad value. However, this hotel clearly would like to get more per night for its rooms. . .And at full price, I couldn't recommend this hotel. Would have to think that hotels like the JW Marriott, Loews, Hilton St. Charles, W are meant to be most direct competitors. Nearly all are nicer, more charming, reflecting of more local flavor. If you have to pay full price here, ensure they have renovated first. To my knowledge, no renovation has been planned.