Seriously bad beds, banged up furniture, dingy hallways, tacky decor and indifferent service make the Intercontinental New Orleans a poor choice when seeking a 4* hotel. Within the 4* market segment (Westin, Renaissance, Omni and I/C)- and I stay at lots of them- this property is among the bottom 10%. I had rooms with two beds. In both my butt was a foot lower than my feet or shoulders and the left side of my body was higher than the right. This was unacceptable so I dialed the number labeled "we solve all problems". The attendant was sympathetic and said she would get right back to me regarding a room change. When the return call failed to materialize in 15 minutes, I called again and was told, "The managers are really busy today and aren't calling me back." I marched down to the front desk and got a room change. Guess what? Once again both beds sagged north/south and east /west. I decided to investigate. The metal bed frames had been pulled apart and were now wider than the box spring, which therefore was not supported. The mattress (judged by the look of its cover and condition) was 25 years old. It was compressed and sagged with no weight on it. Granted there were $300 feather beds on top of them, but the mattresses had been dead for 15 years. I called Guest Services two more times. Both calls met with polite sympathy and promises to get back to me with a fix. No calls were received. I proceeded to adjust/fix the metal bed frame so that it at least supported the box spring, I then stuffed the pillows from one bed between the mattress and box spring on the other and in the end had a highly improvised, but reasonably comfortable bed for the night. That this even needed to occur is absurd. That management can literally ignore priority customer service calls boggles the mind. The second room had no upholstered chair- a first for me in a 4*. Perhaps it had been removed because it was stained even more than the chair in the first room, which was filthy. The furniture had been through the wars. It was chipped and banged up. The carpet I am quite sure dates to the 1980s and has never been steam cleaned. I did not walk on it with bare feet because the thought of doing so grossed me out. In fairness, the housekeeper had vacuumed and the bathroom was clean. It is the absence of heavy cleaning over the years that creates the problem. The hallways look like a 2* hotel from 1945- dingy. So many light bulbs have been removed in the public spaces that one suspects the hotel is in bankruptcy. The decor is 1980s red velvet and faux gold leaf- not a great look- done badly. The look suggests the designer's previous commission was a house of ill repute for senior communist party officials in Eastern Kazakstan. The similarly priced Sheraton where I have also stayed is a standout for that brand and far, far nicer than the Intercontinental. Avoid the I/C New Orleans like the plague. This hotel is a prime candidate for reflagging as a Day's Inn.