I thought the Intercontinental was supposed to be a fantastic, 4 star hotel, so I was thrilled when we were able to book a king size room with a private balcony for our Christmas vacation. It was a bit more than I'd hoped to spend, but I figured it would be worth it. WRONG. The room was tiny, with one chair - so when my husband and I ordered room service, there was little room to eat. There was no dresser, only two small drawers beneath the tv cabinet / minibar. We were travelling for a week, which meant we ended up with wrinkled clothes in our suitcases - oh, and there was nowhere to put our suitcases except the floor beside the bed. There was one suitcase stand in the small closet, but it was broken. The walls were paper thin; neither of us slept a single night all the wall through, as we awoke every time our neighbors came and went. We could even hear distinctly every word of conversation and each time they opened the safe or put down a glass. We did have the balcony as requested (and paid for), but I hadn't realized it would be looking down an alley and constantly dark. It wasn't exactly inviting - more the atmosphere of a dank apartment block. The bed was dirty. There was something that looked suspiciously like vomit encrusted all over the bedskirt. Had I noticed this when we checked in, I would have requested another room, but it was late and we'd been travelling all day. After that, I just tried to avoid it. Disgusting! The internet connection in the room didn't work, so I tried the "business center." Their business center is nothing more than two computers in the lobby (which require a credit card for use, which struck me as pretty chintzy considering the price of the hotel) - but they were broken all week long. The TV remote didn't work either. Finally, the room service ... The hotel has a "romance package" breakfast, which we ordered for our first morning. It took forever to arrive (which seemed odd, considering nothing needed cooking), and when it did, it was missing some of the advertised food. Considering that, with delivery charge and included tip, it costs about $100, that's pretty bad. But, for some reason, we ordered room service twice again. With those two times, we had the same problem: they gave us silverware and coffee cups for two people, but food for one. Oh, but they did charge us for two. All in all, it wasn't a good experience. I would NEVER stay here again. My family is from New Orleans and we travel there quite often. This was the worst place I've ever stayed. It wouldn't have been so bad had it not been so expensive - I would have been more likely to forgive some of the problems had it been a run-of-the-mill motel ... but it wasn't and I felt cheated.