I confidently book our hotel room months in advance after reading the many popular reviews on TripAdvisor. We are pretty low key and don't mind "quaint" or even a little run-down. But this place was down right nasty. We were in room 201, a balcony room. When we first opened the door, I immediately smelled "pee" and my friend smelled "bachelor flop house." The smelled didn't improve even after leaving the balcony door open for a while. We ended up buying incense to sort of cover up the sour smell. It rained that day, while we were away. Upon returning to the room, I stepped onto wet carpet that literally soaked through my sock. It wasn't a small area, pretty much the majority of the area between the bed and the balcony door. (That explained the sour wet smell.) When I mentioned it to the front desk, I was told: "Huh. I thought they fixed that. Sorry." Seriously, that was it. The floor was damp for the full 3 days and 2 nights we were in the room. Then we started actually looking around the room. Holes in the wall. A nail hole filled in with something blue--toothpaste? Water stains on the ceiling and wall. Dust that had turned into dirt in most corners. Even the cord for the hairdryer was gross and dirty. The bathtub didn't drain, so you had to take a shower standing in dirty water standing up to mid-shin. (Sadly, I always seemed to get the second shower, so two people's dirty water up to mid-shin). On a positive note, the location was great. Able to walk everywhere, and much less noisy than mid French Quarter. The front desk, while not really caring about the state of the room, were very pleasant and otherwise helpful. The balconies are *great*. Perfect way to start your morning is to walk over to Croissant D'or and wake up with coffee and a pastry. Be forewarned, however, that the balconies are *awful* when your drunk neighbor comes home and talks loudly on the next balcony at 3AM) In closing, if you don't mind stinky, dirty rooms but crave a great location, this is the place for you. I will not return.