I travel to New Orleans frequently. I often priceline my hotel if it's just for a one night stay. I was placed in the JW on this trip. It was my fault for not checking but i did confuse it with the original Marriott on Canal street nearer to the River. I went there first and they were very helpful in redirecting me to the JW which is also on Canal. They gave me clear instructions as to where to turn to get to the front entrance which is in the back and not on Canal. I had flown in and gone out with friends prior to checking in. It was about 1130 when I arrived at the JW. It seemed like the right place, the auto entrance is on the back of the hotel in a more isolated back street. There was no one around except for someone who could have been a street person sitting on a bench. (I wasn't going to give them my car.) I waited for about 15 minutes and no one arrived. There seemed to be no activity in the lobby making me question whether I had pulled up to the right place. I circled the block and couldn't find another entrance except for the one fronting canal. I left the car and walked in, (as a single woman a little disconcerting as it was late and NOONE was around. I walked to what should be the front desk and noone came out. Questioning if there was another front desk, I walked into the hotel and to the first floor. Again noone. I came out to the lobby again and then saw someone. He told me that this was the front desk and he was just a guest so couldn't tell me more. I waited for a while, and probably 15 minutes later someone came out. I assumed he was the front desk clerk. He didn't tell me who he was but later I realized he was a security guard. He then called someone and another 5 to 10 minutes later the front desk clerk came out. He then called the valet who also wasn't where he should be, and had my car parked. This was 45 minutes after I initially pulled in. Although this is poor service, what was MOST concerning was no one was watching their front lobby. Anyone or any group of people could have just wandered in. In addition, there was not one apology for the whole experience when I explained what happened in a very calm manner. The next day I let a manager know, who seemed a bit responsive but I really didn't get the sense that anyone realized how dangerous a situation they potentially had. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. I'm not afraid of New Orleans as a city but you have to be careful as anywhere. This hotel has to get a better group of people at night and execute whatever security plan they have.