I want to be fair in my review of this hotel so I will point out the good and the bad aspects. Let's start with the good: The location is very good as the hotel is in close proximity to a number of different points in the French Quarter like Cafe Dumonde, St. Lois Cathedral, Jackson Square, etc. The courtyard is very nice, and would be a nice place to relax during nice weather. Now, on to the bad. We arrived at the hotel in the evening of our first night of stay and the person checking us in was not very friendly at all. I only received one word answers to my questions and very limited information. I saw this same comment in a previous review, and thought it might have just been an off night, but sure enough, we encountered the same attitude. In reading previous reviews, I found out that the hotel has interior rooms with no windows, so when I booked my reservation, I specifically asked for a room with windows as I did not want to be in a room without any windows at all. When I made the reservation, the agent told me that she was going to put us in a junior sweet, which had a balcony and would either overlook the courtyard or the strstreet. After we checked in and got our keys, the woman behind the desk told us that the young man (I think his name was Paul) would show us to our room. Well, this man did not offer to take our luggage on a cart, all he did was proceed to walk in front of us, so we followed him. He didn't even hold the doors open for us as we pulled our luggage through the maze of hallways. Our room was on the fourth floor, so he showed us where the elevator was and pushed the button and then left us. We get to our room and open the door, and as soon as we opened it, the musty smell was overwhelming. As I walked in, I immediately noticed that there were no windows! I called down to the front desk to complain about the fact that my reservation was not right, and the woman said the only thing she could do was leave a note for the manager in the morning. She could not move me to another room. I gave her all the details of my complaint and tried to settle in for the night as we were exhausted from our travels. No matter how hard I tried, I could not get passed the strong musty odor. It was almost unbearable. Not getting very much sleep that night, I got up early and went downstairs to talk with the manager. Even walking in the halls to get to the front desk, there was a musty odor, but not nearly as bad as in our room. I spoke with the woman working the front desk in the morning and she was very nice. She said she did see the note left from the other agent and that she was going to move us to a different room. I did appreciate the effort to move us, however based upon our bad experience from the night before, and knowing that the rest of the hotel had a musty odor to it, I did not have confidence that our new room would be much better. We made the decision the previous night that we could no longet stay at this hotel because if we did, I would not have been able to sleep at all for the duration of our stay. I did explain all of my concerns to the manager and he was understanding. Even though the room they were putting us in had a 3 night minimum, he was willing to cancel the remainder of our reservation based upon all the circumstances. The rates for this hotel are typically very good, however the weekend rates for the room we were in did increase significantly each day, and there was no way I would stay in a room like that, under those circumstances for the money they were charging. I've seen similar comments in other recent reviews about the smell. Maybe I am more sensitive to the musty odors as others seemed to be able to deal with it, but unfortunately I could not. That's how strong it was. The smell seemed to be imbedded into the carpet and furniture in the room we were in. The management of this hotel should really take the time to inspect each room and do something about the musty odors. The carpets need to be steam cleaned and they should do something about the air circulation.