We went last week, Aug 11-15 to NO and I want to give my 2 cents worth. When we checked in Friday night (Place D' Armes) the person at the desk was not happy that we had 4 people for a rate of 62.00. She told me that I needed to pay an extra 20.00 for a roll away since one of my boys is 16. When I booked with an online service it did not tell me of that charge so I told her that. I asked for the manager and she said he would be in the next day. Well I guess she had a change of heart and she waived the 20.00 for us which was nice of her. We requested a deluxe double with a balcony and we got just that...on the 3rd floor with access to the balcony where we could see the square nicely. The room though was a little on the untidy side. The ceiling fan was shaking so bad that we turned it off for fear of it falling off and hitting one of us. The room was dusty with hand smears all over the place. It was a wonderful size for us with two boys 12 and 16. I guess they are going to replace the TV since it was very small but it worked for the boys. The bathroom was not the cleanest I have seen. I don't think anyone has swept in there for awhile. Also the bathroom doors are not solid doors they are more like french type to the sink area and to the toliet area. Ok if all close knit family but not if traveling with friends since all the noises can be heard everywhere in the room. Well I wanted small and quanit and that it is but could use a good cleaning. We did an Airboat tour which was really great and would recommend Airboat Adventures which is pretty close to NO. He charges 65.00 for 2 hours and if you want to feed alligators marsh mellows well this is the thing to do. My boys really enjoyed that. We felt safe and had a great time. I will warn if there during the week then hours are cut back so check once you get in with the hotel desk with where you want to go. We tried for a few days to get to Mulates and finally got there on a Sunday night just to hear 2 songs. They are opened 7-10p but music is only til 9pm. I wish they would have told us when we called. But over all everything was great and nothing beats walking around and site seeing while drinking a margarita!