I recently stayed at the Soniat House to celebrate an anniversary with my husband. While the location is great, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. I have traveled for 18 years and stayed on both US coasts, Canada, Hawaii and Europe. So, I think I have a good base of knowledge on the subject to say this hotel is EXTREMELY overpriced for the overall experience we had. The staff is very nice but in the check-in they failed to tell us about the only 'extra' I might have used......the 'honor" system bar. I heard about it on my way out when another guest was checking in. So, for $535 for a junior suite.......you don't get breakfast....... or even coffee. How about a chocolate when you turn down the bed? Nope. What do you get for $535 that makes the place worth it?.....I honestly can't see why they should charge more than $250. The biscuits they serve are a disappointment. They were hard, dry and overcooked........and 5 of them with coffee and orange juice was $25! Absolutely not worth it. I couldn't believe it when the staff called 15 minutes after we got it and asked if they could pick up the tray. No, thanks....we were still drinking coffee! The room we had was large but that is it's only good point. The wallpaper was peeling, the one chair is in desperate need of recovering because it is worn and dirty. The room is dark and the roman shades in the room are in need of a cleaning. The eyebrow window over the door is extremely bowed out and I was worried if we shut the door too hard the glass would fall out. The courtyard is nice but by no means is in what you expect at a luxury hotel. I guess I just can't get over how much the place costs compared to what you get. I have stayed at beautiful places for $200 in Savannah, Napa Valley, etc and was dazzled by the extras. If you stay here you will simply get a room.....maybe it will be a beautiful one. I assume the pictures from the website do exist in the hotel. If you stay here you will be in a good location but there are many others as close. If you stay here and you have traveled often in the past, you will probably be disappointed. Overpriced, worn out and lacking in what I would call a luxury feel. Save your money or find another place to spend it!