We stayed at this hotel on our way to Florida. The hotel sits above a restaurant that emits a putrid smell into the rooms/hotel. We had to change rooms due to clogged toilet, then after my family was alseep, the toilet in the 2nd room clogged up! I had to go down to the lobby restroom in the middle of the night. Halls are dimly lit and closed in and somewhat "creepy", especially in the middle of night by yourself. After using the lobby restroom, I told the staff member about our 2nd room having a clogged toilet. She made me feel as if it was our fault and said something like "well, this will be our 3rd room and you're going to have to move your family". I told her my family was asleep and all I needed was a key to another room close by for bathroom use, and proceeded to explain that whether I move my family or not, it would still mean a 3rd room so why would I need to move my sleeping family? She then told me she would have to charge me for that 3rd room! I immediately asked her to call her mgr. and she did get on the phone, but to the maintenance staff who told her to give me a key to another room. Then finally I got into the 3rd room where I slept so I could be near the bathroom because I had an upset stomach. This room overlooked the roof, and I heard loud talking in the middle of the night and looked out the window and saw plumbers on the roof cleaning out some type of plumbing pipes with gloves! Disgusting! It was a terrible experience and wish we would have moved over to the Hamptom Inn next door at the first sign of trouble. Although it is in the garden district, there are many vagrants on the streets nearby and I didn't feel comfortable knowing that basically anyone off the streets could walk into the hotel lobby and into the halls where the rooms are at any time...no security or room key swiping to get into hotel required. The only positive thing I can say is that the beds were comfortable, although small since they were double beds. Rooms are pretty small too, but there is a 2nd sink area which is helpful.