I read the reviews of this hotel before booking. A couple of these reviews discussed the noise levels at this hotel, particularly the noise from the bar across the street. In spite of the reveiws, I decided that I would reserve a room anyway and give it a try. I arrived exhausted after an 11 hour drive at 2:30 am. The noise from the clubs and street was extreme. It was as if the band had set up in the middle of my hotel room. The light that shone from the street was very bright in the room. The band did not stop playing until around 4:00 am. Needless to say, I did not get any rest. Sunday night was a littlle better, but I was awakened by the street cleaner and by a garbage truck at 4:00 am. There was also a fire station about 20 yards away and I could hear the radio communication. This hotel is very noisy. When I called to make the reservation I asked the clerk, Kenisha, about the reviews (noise levels) and she stated that it was "not that bad...It doesn't bother me". Evidently, she does not sleep at the hotel since she is a first shift clerk. THE NOISE IS THAT BAD! Even without the noise, this hotel is not worth the the price that I paid (and this was a reduced rate of 99.00 +tax= 113.00 per night). The hotel is damp, dark and dank because it is old. I really don't understand the great reviews posted concerning this hotel. I am not pretentious or upscale in my taste at all. I am easily pleased with cleanliness, friendly service and a fair price. The hotel was marginal on all of these accounts. The only positive about the hotel is the location. If you are going to New Orleans to party into the wee hours of the morning and to sleep very little, then this is the hotel for you. I also realize that the management does not take responsiblity for customer conplaints that are part of the reviews. There is always an excuse, or an attempt to discount or discredit the reviewer. I feel like I had been "had", so to speak. I got that feeling about the city of New Orleans, in general. Seemed that everywhere I turned someone was attempting to squeeze a dollar, I had really expected more from this city. After a full day and two nights of this hotel and the City of New Orleans, I felt that I could not peel the scum off of my flesh with a set of pliers. The only real enjoyable aspect of the trip was a band that played at the Krazy Korner on Bourbon Street, several street performers, the roadfest food festival, and the Cafe du Monde. I have never been so happy to leave a city or a hotel. New Orleans has lost it's real authenticity, and is nothing more than a commercialized, superficial, oversized, sleazy beer joint. The whole city is a greedy, money grubbing sleaze joint. The police officers are very rude also. I would not only never return to this hotel, but I also have no plans to ever return to this city.