We really enjoyed our stay in '04, but things seem to have changed.. The female day clerk can best be described as surly, or indifferent at best (so sorry for interupting your game of Solitaire). The cold water taps ran warm. The toilet needed to be flushed at least twice. The freezer in our suite's refigerator kept things at room temperature. The cleaning staff simply left a bag of towels at our door if we had a "Do not disturb" plaquard on the door after 10 am, no matter how long we were out past that time. The floors were dirty upon arrival, and were not even swept during our weeklong stay. During checkout, we had to dispute $48 worth of non-existent long-distance calls. The new non-smoking policy for all rooms (with a $100 fine if found smoking in your room) was not disclosed during the reservation process. We discovered this policy while checking in due to a sign at the front desk. The previously free parking has been "upgraded" to a $15 a night fee, once again not disclosed until after reservations were confirmed. The door to the common entryway to our suite needed a ton of WD-40 and replaning -- we were awakened at 3, 4 and 5am respectively, due to late-night neighboring partygoers stumbling in and SQUEALING AND SLAMMING the entryway door open and closed repeatedly (not maliciously, just trying to get the darn door open and closed). The hot-tub in the courtyard was cold. I killed two roaches in the bathroom during our stay. The new "Tomatillos" restaurant next door blasted "booty music" after 5pm thru 1am most of the week. Common entryway gates were kept locked during the daytime, leading to much inconvenience when simply trying to drive out of the parking lot, or attempting to re-enter the property. Why did we not air these complaints during our stay? The afore-mentioned day clerk was so antagonistic, we figured it would be to our detriment to press the issue. Plus, the Frenchmen website has not bothered to link a direct email contact. So here ya go folks -- enjoy (or not). Sam and Michelle Hunt Room 301, Queen Suite June 16-23, 2007 PS - If Management happens across this post, please feel free to contact us. Our 'phone numbers are on file. We would love to revisit your hotel if you are willing to prove you have rectified at least some of these issues. The French Quarter ROCKS, and we would love to visit again if we knew future stays would be more pleasant.