Stayed there for 6 nights in Sept, would have booked out after the first had it been possible but unfortunately we had paid for everything upfront. What a depressing atmosphere! The menacing dark-haired staff guard reception much as the two dogs in The Omen guard Damien. No greetings, just menacing looks. At least it made us walk around Manhattan for 12 hours a day as we didn't want to go back there. I'd say it was the hotel equivalent of an urban automatic public W.C. Go in, do your stuff and get out, without making eye contact with anyone. It really has that much charm. The assistant manager Monica (dark-haired European) needs a rabies shot. She shouted at us like we'd stolen her purse when we asked for some cold water to be made available for breakfast. I don't think I've ever been spoken to so rudely in a customer-client situation. Whoever owns this hotel and has made an effort to provide nice facilities, please get rid of her. She's totally letting your business down and probably depressing the hell out of the other staff who look miserable. Read the Tripadvisor reviews, she's unprofessional. Pros for a 2 star hotel: Room good size, nice TV, bed ok, Bathroom- excellent water pressure and heat for the shower, nice products, shaving mirror, good towels etc. Cons: Location- on the corner of 23rd, the noise is DEAFENING. It's well connected to public transport but so are many much cheaper hotels, I now realise after my visit.Be warned, you'll need earplugs for every minute you spend in the room. Very Romantic!! The Reception Staff: Only approach the blondes!! They are pretty helpful but in general, moral is clearly low and they clearly don't want to be at work making the atmosphere really miserable. The only person who smiled at us all week was the poor guy polishing and dragging bags around. Breakfast. Don't pay for a continental like we did as it doesn't exist. In reality, there's coffee and muffins (Europeans don't touch any of it!) and a vending machine in hell's waiting room. Go to Starbucks across the road, it's no real effort.