Myself and my three friends decided to go for four nights and five days to New York City for spring break. As University students, we don't exactly have a lot of cash to spend on accomodations or transportation, so we decided to stay somewhere affordable and close to Times Square. Those two aspects of this hotel is pretty much where the positives end. I may be a little bit biased as I am used to travelling with my family, and we tend to stay at luxury hotels when we go away. However, I have stayed with friends at Comfort Inns before, several times actually, and I have never been as unpleasantly surprised as I was with this particular one. The room was small. When I say it was small, I mean small even by New York City standards. The two double beds were practically touching and I couldn't even pull my suitcase from one side of the room to the other. The bathroom was a tub and a sink, and it was freezing cold. The heater was a very noisy window unit and the temperature did not stay consistent. The main hallway was nice, but it is decieving. We stayed on the fourth floor, and the rooms were so close to each other that we could hear everything that was going on in the room next to us VERY clearly. On the last two nights that we were there there was a couple across the hall that seemed to be filming rather innapropriate amateur movies quite unabashadly, and with the door to their room wide open. We called the front desk, but no one did anything and the nonsense went on until about 3AM, when they finally shut their door. Room service was fine. The pillows were quite lumpy, the beds were hard and the sheets were clean, but very old and faded. We didn't have any problems with our maid service. Due to our familiarity with luxury hotels, we often lef cash sitting on the desk and bedside tables by accident, but it was always there when we returned at night. Breakfast was wonderful. it was actually oddly out of place in the otherwise budget hotel. There was fresh coffee, a cappuccino machine, bagels, muffins, several types of cereal, waffles, a toaster and fresh fruit. They also provided Red Bull free of charge every morning, which I found quite nice. I'm not a breakfast eater, but I did find myself waking up specifically so I could go down for some in the mornings. I probably would have returned to stay if I hadn't been so insulted by the manager when we checked out. The staff had, up until this point been very very friendly. The breakfast attendant did not speak any english, but he was always smiling, the maids were friendly and very accomodating, the front desk attendant was very nice and I had a good chat with him almost every night. However, the manager, a woman whose name I can't remember, was very rude. When we were checking out we noticed that there was a long distance phone call on our bill for $10. We looked up the area code and it was a call to Quebec. None of us had made a phonecall from the room, we all used our cell phones. At one point we tried to order pizza, but couldn't even get the room phone to work. Despite our best efforts, we couldn't even get the manager to care or check into it. She just kept shrugging it off and telling us we had to pay. I mean, it was only $10. We insisted on talking to someone else, but she told us there simply was no one else, and then announced that she had to go home as her shift was over. If you want something cheap and in a good location and you don't mind cramped rooms, loud noises and pornographers, you should be fine. I recommend the breakfast.