My mom and I stayed at this hotel after reading the positive reviews on multiple hotel websites and hearing that it was close to Columbia University where we were helping my sister move. Though the price was right, I feel an obligation to share my disappointment in this hotel. Theres no doubt that the location of this hotel is ideal. Its across the street from the subway and conveniently located next to banks, drugstores, diners and cafes. To the point, if you are given an 07 room, switch! Even though we had requested a room with two single beds, we were given a room with one double bed, which wouldnt have been a big deal if the room wasnt so small and run-down. It was no joke, maybe a foot larger than a king-size bed. Not only that, this room had not been updated like the rooms in the photos you see posted by other guests. The carpet felt damp, the wallpaper was stained, the bathroom could only fit one person in at a time and it felt all around dirty. We even found hair in our bed which made us think the sheets had not even been changed. We were so tired from moving that we unpacked anyways and settled in for a very uncomfortable night. Id read that the a/c units were loud, but this one sounded like a semi-truck revving its engine every 15 minutes. Needless to say, we did not sleep well and requested a new room the next morning. When I first asked about switching rooms, the front desk person who had originally checked us in told us that they were all booked. When I asked to at least be changed for the 3rd night, he proceeded to generate two new key cards for us and told us that we could move into a new room right away. Our first feelings were of relief as we moved next door into the room with the two twin beds that wed been expecting, only to then realize that this room had been available all this time and that he had lied to us about being all booked. Ive heard of this being a hotel practice, but it left us feeling enraged and very much ripped off. As we returned our original keys, we made a point to the front-desk person that the rooms were very different from each other and should not be considered of equal value. Instead of apologizing or offering some cheesy customer service line, he told us there was no guarantee, implying that he was doing us a favour by changing rooms. It was not the reaction wed been expecting and left us with a bad taste in our mouth for the rest of our stay. If you do decide to stay at this hotel, be prepared for the following: - poor service by the front-desk - slow elevator - no in-room safes - thin walls (you can hear your neighbours wake-up calls) - dirty and dated hallways - small bathrooms (though we were pleasantly surprised by the heated floors of our new bathroom because of the location of the hot water pipes) - limited bellman service - 30 minute walk to Columbia (or 2 stops on the subway) In the future, I would look into staying elsewhere, possibly at a hotel chain. At least they have standards on room cleanliness and how to treat their guests.