This place is a great value on a (relatively) quiet street (for NYC) in a good neighborhood (Greenwich Village) with a lot of good options within walking distance. The staff are very friendly and helpful. But be aware of the drawbacks before you stay: -Many rooms are internet wi-fi dead zones, and I even had problems keep a reliable connection in the lobby (very frustrating). -7 rooms share 2 bathrooms in each wing of each floor. I never had a problem getting a shower or toilet when I wanted, but be aware that your room will only have a sink and a hair dryer. Fortunately, bathrobes and slippers are provided for the bathroom trips, as well as a bag of shampoo, conditioner, soap, and a shower cap (and a sewing kit - do people really use those?). In one slight piece of cleverness, even if both showers are occupied one toilet will still be available (the shower and toilet have separate lockable doors/microrooms in one of the bathrooms) -Your door will not latch without the keys, so you have to take your keys with you (and lock your door) on every trip to the bathroom - unless you just want to leave your door wide open. -Speaking of keys, you will have to carry 3: to the front door of the hotel, to your floor wing, and to your room. Odd, but you'll get the hang of it quick. -Water temp can sometimes vary during a shower, and they're so small it's hard to avoid the scalding/freezing. -This may sound minor, but it's extremely cheap and annoying: the thinnest toilet paper in the world on rolls that lock after a half-rotation and break the sheets. Did I mention annoying? -The breakfast is so cheap, you're allowed to pick *one* bread item only and get a *single* drink refill. It was enough for me, but is this really necessary? I assume they had problems with the cheap tenants stockpiling... Like I said, it's an amazing value for Manhattan, but be aware of the "roughing it" aspects before you get there and the experience will go better. Advice: book early, it's small and fills up fast. While (trying) to use the wifi in the lobby, I heard a phone call every few minutes answered with "Sorry, we don't have any availability on those dates." They really need web site reservations, if only to keep their employees' sanity from the barrage of phone calls...