This is a copy I sent to the manager. Aside from this it was cheap - around $200 a night and the same price as 2-3* bigger hotels in the area that are of the same standard or maybe better. Dear Sir or Madam I am writing to let you know of my bad experience at your hotel. I am from Australia and came to visit Washington DC, Chicago and New York. In DC I stayed at the Renaissance Mayflower, and in Chicago at the Sutton Place. Both hotels were of a VERY high standard, with amazing service and a good overall experience. They both fall into the same category as the Time Hotel. However my experience at the Time was at the other end of the spectrum. I have never written to a hotel before but wanted to share my experience with you. On entering the room, I noticed a strong smell  an unpleasant smell almost like a bad musty smell of mould. I thought it would disappear but it remained over the 3 days stay. The room was small (OK, that I can put up with given that its NY and a lot of hotels are like this). On entering the bathroom, I noticed horrible black grime along the shower door (see photos attached). The shower leaked too. I notified reception later that night, hoping I would get used to the smell and asked if I could change and was told it didnt matter, as all the rooms are the same and none were available, so I put up with it. The airconditioner was rattling all night. So it was either a situation of stay awake but be a good temperature thing, or try to sleep, but be hot due to turning it off. Checkin staff were friendly but when I went to ask for my room to be made up at 1pm and for my toilet to be unblocked, it seemed like I had asked for the biggest request possible. I came back at 3pm, it was still not done  so I phoned down  asking again, but of course returning after shopping at 5.30pm it had not been done. THREE times I had to ask and after the third time the housekeeper was sent right up and did a great job. The housekeepers were VERY friendly as were the bellboys. The reception staff on Friday 8th August though were rude, uncourteous and rather offish. In fact, going down for a third time to ask for my room to be made up and toilet unblocked I didnt even receive an apology. Im not asking for a grovelling apology but a courteous Were sorry would have gone done nicely! Aside from this, smaller details like no shower pressure, my TV remote not working and no replacement sent up when requested, and small things like this made it feel more like a 2 to 3 star hotel. I would appreciate a reply back, if only to know you have read my concerns and hopefully improve the hotel for future guests. Kind Regards Me