I was in NYC for eight days on business. The Time was selected by the production company I was advising. It would not have been my choice as I prefer the Millenium. This is an old old hotel that was renovated as a semi-boutique hotel with a them about time. The small rooms, typical of NYC, are decorated with grey and black patterned carpeting, bright red bedspreads and wall panel behind the bed. I understand they also use green or yellow in some rooms. The place tries to be hip and cooler than thou. Living in L.A., I know the vibe but you can really only get away with it if you have great service and The Time fails in this regard. The desk staff and doormen were great. But other aspects of the hotel fall apart badly. First, maintenance problems were apparent. My first room, 1608, had an HVAC problem. Despite being in the 20s and 30s outside, the room could not be cooled down below 78-80 over a preiod of four days. Even with the windows left open, the temperature never came down. They sent a maintenance engineer to work on it. He could not fix it and suggested I leave the windows open. Try sleeping in Manhattan in the theatre district with your windows open with street noise, loud drunks and shouting clubbers on the street at all hours. The room safe also would not work, so I resorted to locking my laptop and camera in my luggage every day. Other apparent maintenance problems, wobbly toilet and seat, lights that sometimes flickered and even shocked slightly when touched. After three nights of poor sleep due to heat and noise, they moved me to another room, 1105. This one had a different thermostat system and the hvac worked well. The most apalling service problem was with room service. Because I was working extraordinarily long hours (shooting a tv show), I was often returning the hotel after 14 and 18 hour days and would just want a simple meal before bed. On the thrid night of my stay, I ordered dinner at about 8pm. The phone attendant said it should take about 40 minutes. OK. An hour later I called to check on the order as I needed to get to bed early due to an early start next day. The attendant said she forgot to enter the order so it would be another 45 minutes. Two hours after ordering, finally got the meal and went to bed an hour later than I would have liked. I mentioned this problem to the front desk. They asked if I was charged for the meal (I was) and the desk person said they would remove the charge. On the final night of my stay, after having been up for 30 hours due to a 24 hour live broadcast we did, I was way too tired to go out to eat. I ordered, was told 30-45 minutes for delivery> After an hour, I called to check and amazingly was told they had again forgotten to enter the order!! I asked for the manager and the flustered attendant told me that as they were busy he would have to call me back. Aftter not hearing back for a while, I went down to the restaurant and discussed the problem with the restaurant manager. He was apologetic and said the meal would be complimentary. Never got a call from the room service/guest services manager. That an order could be forgotten due to an error is not that big a deal - things happen. But for two orders to be lost in three days shows me that there is a serious failure in management and service personnel. Given the overall issues of maintenance and service, I would recommend travelers avoid the Time. There are better hotels in this category in Manhattan.