Overall, this hotel is over rated and nothing but hype! The quality and service definitely do not measure up to its "reputation". My partner and I arrive at the hotel after a 18-hour long flight at 8am. Despite our request through email for an early check-in, we were told to come back at 3pm. In their own words, "it's only a request". Can you imagine that we had to comb the streets of new york looking like zombies?? The receptionist was not helpful at all. The hotel was not well kept. The carpets (along the corridor and room) and the place just look OLD! When we finally got the room, it was not the colour theme that we had requested for (if they can't get this right, why bother to ask us in the first place when we did our booking?). But that was the last thing on our mind since we were both dead tired. The first impression of the room was BAD! Carpet is dirty (I wonder how often do they vacuum clean the carpet!). Necessities such as the bedroom slippers are also missing. The toilet door is faulty. The sheets are not even neatly pressed. The gym is pathetic! The treadmill's really old and they have limited equipments. It's okay if you just want a quick cardio exercise and get out of the tiny room or gym . Don't bother about the in-house breakfast! It's US$15 for a continental breakfast... way too pricey. Thank goodness, we didn't pay for the over-priced meal. My recommendation is try the deli around the area. Starbucks, Food Empire and McDonald's are just round the corner. I wonder how on earth does the hotel justify its rates?? There are better hotels in that area. The only consolation is that the hotel is located in a prime area and is near to the subway. The asian doorman is really helpful and friendly (the rest of the staff does not even know what does good service entail). Frankly, the review would have been better if the room rates were at 3-star prices (or even 2-star). Unfortunately, it's not the case. Having stayed at better hotels around the world, the Time DOES NOT offer good value for money. We will defnitely not return to this hotel. A hip hotel? Definitely far from it!