We had booked a suite for three people in mid-December. The suite had a king size bed in one room and a pull out sofa in the other. The furniture has seen better days, but the room was okay other than that. When we returned to the room later that night, the king size bed had been turned down, but the sofa bed wasn't made up. We had to open it up ourselves to discover that the thin and sagging mattress had no bedding on it. We called housekeeping to have the bed made up. After several rings, the phone eventually went to the front desk. Someone from the hotel staff, but not housekeeping, eventually arrived with two sheets. He was very nice and did his best, but didn't bring a comforter or blanket. He said he would bring one, but then a different and considerably less friendly man brought a blanket that was filthy and had several holes in it. when we unfolded it. We called downstairs again for a replacement blanket and got one in about the same condition. The night reception desk man told us this wasn't his problem in that he was not housekeeping. We told him we wanted to speak to the hotel manager the next day but the manager never contacted us. Also, we wanted to have a quiet drink in the hotel before going to bed that evening. Although we had been told that the lounge would be open until 2am, the hotel turned the lounge into a night club on Friday night, with music so loud you could barely hear the rude man at reception, which was on the same floor. The restaurant downstairs was closed by 11pm on a Friday night, but they suggested we go out again and try a bar a few blocks away. We ended up using the mini bar in the room. Be forewarned that the hotel uses some strange system that charges you each time you remove an item from the floor level minibar refrigerator. Also, there were only two glasses in the entire suite. Obviously, we weren't calling housekeeping for another glass that night! Also, there was no coffee maker in the room, and the TV in the living room wouldn't change channels or turn off after we turned it on on Sunday morning. The very nice day staff at the front desk removed the excess mini bar charges and said it was a constant problem, but our complaints about the difficulties we had with the night staff were not addressed beyond a very sincere and friendly sorry. I travel a lot, and while the Time wasn't the worst place I've ever stayed, it would take one heck of a low rate to get me to consider giving them another chance. If I did ever end up there again, I would scour the room for problems at check in and plan to spend a couple of hours getting them straightened out while the day staff is still around.