Read the following letter sent to the Time's General Manager Debbie Lewis on 3/6/06 (to which I have yet to receive any sort of response) and judge for yourself if you'd like to stay there... Dear Ms. Lewis -- As a repeat customer of the Time hotel, I was very surprised this week to receive treatment radically different from what I have grown accustomed to at the hands of your staff. When I arrived at 10:45pm on Tuesday, February 28th (after depositing my luggage at 2pm that day  the room was not ready yet), I was given room 610, whose HVAC unit only produced heat. An engineer was called to the room, and after 10 minutes of adjustments, he said he would be back in 15 minutes to check to see if it was OK. Due to the late hour, I asked to change rooms. The desk associate moved me to the 8th floor, in a room with the exact same problem. I was then asked to look at another room on the 8th floor, which was clearly a smoking room. Finally, at about 11:30, I was placed in room 1615, a notable downgrade. The next morning, I packed up my things and left for the day, telling the morning desk associate that I was expecting to be placed in a deluxe room (my original room grade) with a working HVAC unit. When I arrived at the hotel at 8:30pm, I was shocked to be handed a key to room 610 once again. After I explained that this was the original problematic room, the desk associate informed me that the hotel was overbooked, and the only rooms left at that point were smoking rooms. After I asserted that they had had all day to fix this, the manager on duty came out, and without ever addressing me, begrudgingly told the desk associate to put me in room 612, a suite. The final insult came when I went to check out and the bill still reflected the deluxe room rate for Tuesday night  I had to press to get Eddie (manager on duty) to revise it. If the associate on duty the night of 2/28 had placed me in the suite instead of the downgrade after the 3rd room change, I wouldnt feel like an undervalued customer right now. Thats all it would have taken. I wouldnt have had to stay in a shoe box with a cracked sink on 2/28 after a long day of meetings (inconvenience #1), pack up again the next morning (inconvenience #2), argue again at the front desk on 3/1 (inconvenience #3), and fight about my bill at departure (inconvenience #4). The additional irony of all of this is that on my last stay in December, I had complimented the manager on duty, since I had noticed a big improvement in service and attitude from both the desk staff and the bell/front door staff (I recall that I even took the time to send in a positive comments card). Now one visit later, the Time is no longer my default business hotel of choice in New York.