Just returned from a 4 night stay in the W on Lexington. The hotel lobby is nice and welcoming. The check-in could be much faster, queued for 30mins to check in. We stayed in a Cosy Room - which to be honest is too small, there wasnt anywhere for us to put our clothes. There seem to be no surfaces to put anything on, the snack bar and mini fridge take up the only storage in the room and you cant move the items, as they are all plugged in and auto billed to your account. The AC vents take up the whole window cil so you cant put anything here either. Our first night was terrible, the bed had a duck down topper and this poked in your body and was uncomfortable. The guests at the hotel are there to party and we had a couple next door drinking, laughing and talking very loudly til gone 4am! Also the air-conditioning is a nightmare. One minute its cold and ten minutes later its blasting out hot, you feel like you are under a hair dryer. We woke up sweating in the night. So in the end, forced the window open. You cant turn the ac off, and it has a mind of its own, also very loud. We both bought ear-plugs for the second night! We isnt really acceptable in a hotel. We then moved rooms to a standard room and there was more space here! We could put clothes down in piles, which was an improvement. However, the hotel staff offered to move our bags - only to lose them for about 4 hours. So we came home after a night out with no bags, nothing to change into and no bathroom products. They apologised but it wasnt acceptable, we had been out for 4 hours, plenty of time to move 2 suitcases. The bar area of the hotel is way too small for the amount of guests, you never get a chance to sit and have a drink. In the evenings a DJ plays loud music which is okay., but gets tiresome. I think this is the ideal hotel for local americans who might come to NY for one night or two nights to party with friends, but not really for tourists who have travelled a long way and are looking for a decent night sleep.