This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel. The first time was fine, though the room was small, we understand it's NYC and that's often what you get. This time was different though. First it started with the half-hour lines to check-in. I arrived early - 1pm, so I wasn't surprised when they said a room wasn't available. When my friends arrived about 2:45pm and were told that there still weren't any rooms available, it became annoying. We didn't actually get into our rooms until after 5pm. This is unacceptable - especially since we had dinner and theater plans for that evening. The service at the hotel was terrible. One of the bellmen actually tried to pick a fight with my friend. It was noisy in the lobby (as always) when the bellman asked my friend if he needed help. My friend replied "what?" and then then bellman proceeded to ridicule him and then got into his face. This was amazing. My friend is a marathoner and in great shape, but really? This is SERVICE? We ended up just walking away. Getting a luggage cart brought to the room took about 25 minutes. No reason given, just typical lousy service that one gets here. The walls of the rooms are paper-thin. I could hear everything from the rooms and the hall around our room. I am not a particularly light sleeper, yet was awoken 2 nights in a row by a couple fighting in their room down the hall. I finally called security after 2 hours of them screaming and it being 4am. The hotel security did a good job in getting up there quickly and taking care of the situation. Of course, the maids start chatting in the halls at 7am, so that doesn't allow for a whole lot of sleeping time. (Not that it is the W's fault for the bad behavior of their guests.) Then there is the half-hour wait for check-out as well. Anything that required service always required at least a 20-minute wait - getting luggage out of the storage area, even getting a drink of water at the bar. The hotel is conveniently located, but that is really all the good I can say about it.