Stayed at the W New York Hotel in late July for a few nights and was sorely disappointed. The bottom line is that the star rating for the hotel is not four stars and is three! The level of service received was erratic. There appears to be ill-thought into when the front desk requires support i.e. during peak check-in and check-out times as often only one or two members of staff were present. At other 'quieter' times, there were at least three or four members of staff enjoying a conversation together. When queues built-up, staff were reluctant to re-act given it would interrupt their conversations. Now, I did encounter some lovely and pleasant staff at the front desk, who genuinely offered help to make my stay an enjoyable experience but equally, I agree with another reviewers comments on the 'ice-cold' reception received by some staff at times. The hotel prides itself on the Whatever, Whenever culture; although, my experience of this service was poor. Many features were offered but not managed in its entirety, for example, the complementary water near the elevators was a nice touch but always empty... In addition, when points were raised regarding the room's fixtures to reception to be resolved, I was still awaiting a fix by the time I checked-out of the room. No sense of urgency or communication with the guest on potential steps to resolution. The room was a 'Cosy Queen Non-Smoking', which was adequate for my needs and as a base to see the sights of New York. The phrase 'shabby-chic' comes to mind given the fixtures were worn and missing parts. You are engulfed in the room by the TV but the real issue was the air conditioning unit. It is the equivalent of sleeping next to a major flight path! Loud, useless, and dirty: do I need to say any more? The bathroom was small but more concerning was the cleanliness: have the white tiles seen a deep clean since the renovations? The TV had a very grainy picture and kept reseting itself to the hotels promotional clip on in-house entertainment. Given the size of the room, a pink sticker is attached to the window and mirror which states that they understand it is a small room; therefore, would like to offer 500 Starwood points and free Wifi. So, if you are not a member of the loyalty scheme and have no need for the Wifi: the gesture has no real benefit. As an alternative, why doesn't the hotel offer complementary service at the bar or breakfast in the restaurant? In short, the hotel is in a great location for the Manhattan must-see attractions; however, I fundamentally believe that the management need to review the services offered from a back-to-basics approach. I left believing the hotel had 'all style and no substance' to their claims. A disappointment given it could be a great hotel. Back to the competition on my next stay in New York City.