Stayed here for four nights in April 2011. The W on Lexington appears to be a hastily updated and spruced up hotel, where the existing small rooms have been 'pimped' with a lick of paint and new wallpaper, and a queen size (or larger) bed, a 37" TV and a fancy expanding desk. As as result, the rooms feel very small indeed - the TV, for example, has to be mounted on a pole rather than be placed on a unit or mounted to the wall. Check-in was fine and I was assigned a room on the 3rd floor. A shame not to be on a higher floor with the chance of a city view, I thought - but I considered that I'd bought my stay here on Priceline, at a small discount from the W's own publicised prices, so it'd probably be fine. How wrong I was! I was given room 326, which is directly opposite the elevators. Strike one. It features a view of a multi-story car-park and the rear yard of a Chinese restaurant, complete with dumpsters of festering food. Strike two. I noticed the window sticker others have commented on - saying, basically, "Hey, we know this room is crappy, but, here, have free wifi!". Big deal. It's also a fairly shallow gesture as the wireless didn't work at all reliably - certainly not well enough to load webpages. Still - I figured, I'm paying bottom dollar, what can I expect? So I stuck it out and stayed the first night. I pulled a bottled beer ($9 - same price as the lobby bar) from the mini-bar... no bottle opener. Rang the front desk, who firstly treated me as if I was some kind of simpleton that couldn't work out how to open a bottle, and eventually said they would send someone up with a replacement opener. 45 minutes later it still hadn't arrived, and I had places to be, so I left it. Next morning, the handle came off the cold tap in the bathroom sink. No biggie - rang the front desk again, who once again seemed to think I was making this up ("What do you mean 'the handle has come off of the faucet', sir?") and eventually said they'd send someone up. I went out, enjoyed New York and returned 10 hours later. Tap still not fixed. Hell, bottle opener still not present - enough! Marched down to the front desk to complain and was moved, and was comped 'breakfast' for my remaining days, as some kind of apology for the inconvenience. I was moved to the 14th floor, room 1430. This room had its own set of problems (including the missing bottle opener!) - specifically a heating and cooling problem. The room has a boxed-in cavity running down one side of the room, next to the bed - I suspect this contains several hot water pipes, as it radiated heat like a furnace. As a consequence, the air-conditioning in this room is set to compensate - which means, the very, very noisy air-conditioning is running, full pelt, all the damn time. If you turn it off, the room quickly becomes a sauna. Great for cohesive sleep. Not. Tried to cash in those free 'breakfasts' given by the desk staff, looking forward to some nice eggs, bacon and pancakes - only to be told that my account was only allowed to have a cup of tea or coffee, a single pot of yoghurt and/or a piece of fruit... So, in short, I'd definitely not stay here again. The professionalism of some of the staff is questionable at best, and incompetent at worst.