This review is coming a bit late. I stayed at the W New York October 2010 for about 4 nights in one of the Suites. I did not want to stay at this hotel but a friend had already booked his room via expedia because it was on sale, and I had no choice but to follow suit. I knew the rooms were going to be tiny so we opted for a suite. My friend had the "wonderful" room, and they barely had space for their luggage. It was TINY. Our room in terms of space was fine (because it was a suite). But, the rest of the amenities were just ridiculous. The bathroom mirrors were too high (i'm 5'3) and I could only see my eyes. And to think we had called in advance to verify this as judging from the pictures taken here on tripadvisor, I thought it would be too high. The lady we spoke too said it was actually abnormally low (she said she was also 5'3 and could see her whole waist)-- i think they were actually referring to a disabled room come to think of it. The room lighting was too dark which made applying make up and fixing my hair an obstacle. Btw, I had to use the mirror next to the bed to get ready, which meant plugging and unplugging the phone. Plus their bathrooms had a really annoying sliding door that if left slightly ajar, the cold air would quickly seep in and you would actually freeze in the shower, since the shower lacked a shower door/curtain/whatever-- only a tiny glass partition to keep the water spraying out of the shower stall (see: PICTURES). I thought that the hotel was trying too hard to be trendy that they actually ignored the most basic necessities (like mirrors and lighting!!). We had the same elevator key card problem as mentioned in the reviews here. But we didnt have any problems getting it fixed at reception. Service was not great. Getting out of the cab with my luggage, i had to go inside and ask for someone to help me. We also had to call several times for the espresso machine to be brought up. but we shouldn't have even bothered because the mugs they provide are actually not compatible with the machine (the machine would work if it felt the weight of the mug in place-- but the mug was too big and it basically didnt fit).. and when we found a way to make it work using our hands to press on the machine for the 'weight to be right', the coffee tasted like crap.. haha! it was pretty funny actually, but what a major failure. Location: nothing great for shopping or dining. although maybe about 15 minutes to an h&m store. But on the positive side, the beds were very comfortable and the air-conditioning worked very well. But all in all, I dont think I would be back in this hotel even if they went on sale on expedia. definitely not worth the $$$$.