When you pass through the revolving doors of the W New York, you know it's not your typical hotel. And that's not a good thing. Instead of a calm, relaxing, "welcome home" vibe, everything is too modern, too contemporary. You aren't stepping into your home for the next few days. You're stepping into a nightclub, complete with the thump-thumping bar and lounge to your right and features in your room that are meant to look cool but not actually make your stay any better. Arrive at the elevators, and there's more proof it isn't your typical hotel. At a typical hotel, your room key would work every time. At the W New York, your room key--necessary both to open the door to your room and make the elevator go to your floor--is too unreliable. Only needing one room key for your entire stay? That's so 2004. We weren't the only ones with room key troubles. At least four other guests in the elevators with us during our three-night stay had similar problems. Other reviewers on TripAdvisor have complained about this, too, as you can read. Once you overcome the atypical hassle of actually entering your room, you're greeted with something that actually is typical for a hotel in this location: a shoebox-sized room. This is no exaggeration. There's exactly 12 inches of space between the foot of the queen-sized bed and the wall. Thank goodness that the TV mounted to the wall was a flat-screen and not an old-style tube TV, because there is literally no room for anything deeper than a two-inch screen. At this point, you should know that we booked our hotel through Priceline, and we paid $200 a night compared with the standard rate of well over $500 per night. Though the standard rooms are the same throughout the hotel, I can only assume that Priceline guests get the worst possible location within the hotel. Saving money is not hip, so they give bargain-hunters the leftovers. I came to that conclusion upon realizing that our room was right next door to the cleaning staff's supply room. At around 9 each morning during our stay, three or four members of the cleaning staff congregated right outside our door and chatted loudly for about a half hour. That wasn't the wake-up call we asked for. Another example of the poor location was the view from our room. We weren't expecting to see a sweeping panorama of the city from our fourth-floor Priceline room, but we at least hoped for a little privacy. Instead, immediately to our right along the wall that runs perpendicular to our window was another row of rooms. That meant that four feet from our window was another person's window. If their blackout blind had been open, we could've seen right in. Unlike most hotels, there are no sheer curtains at the W New York. It's either all light or no light. That said, it shouldn't surprise you to know that we left our blinds closed for most of our stay, denying ourselves any natural light but preserving privacy. Here are three other things that made the ultra-hip W New York feel ultra-uncomfortable: - Weak lighting: Turning on all lights in the room gives you less than half the amount of light that you'd get in a typical hotel room. - No shower door: Seriously. The shower has no door. There's a three-foot gap in the glass that you step through and into the shower. Cold air flows through while you rush to complete your shower. A shower curtain? How dclass. - A spacious minibar: About the only normal-sized thing in the room is the pressure-sensitive minibar. In the hopes of bleeding more money out of you, the W New York uses valuable space in your room to sell you overpriced snacks and beverages. Don't you dare pick up that can of gummi bears, though! You're charged instantly for anything that's moved. OK, so did we like anything about the W New York? Sure. The toiletries were really nice, the bed was free of bedbugs, and the location was ideal. But we won't be staying there again, at any price. Do you want to relax and be comfortable at the end of a fun, fast-paced day in New York City? Then don't stay here.