On a recent visit to New York, I switched my reservation to the W-New York due to the fact that I was able to reserve a "Fabulous Suite" at a decent rate. On my previous 5 visits to NY, I had stayed at the W-Times Square (which is in a different class altogether) but this time, unfortunately, I was unable to get a room at a reasonable rate for the 3 day duration I would be staying so I thought I would try the W-New York with the suite offer, and the fact that it was next door to the Marriott East Side where friends were staying. Upon my arrival, I was told that a suite was NOT available, and the only thing they had available for me was a "Cozy Room". 1st issue: Why did the online reservation system allow me to book a suite when none was available? 2nd issue: While the desk clerk was polite and demonstrated a genuine concern with the erroneous booking, the manager who was solicited because of the error was quite curt - did not apologize for the error, and simply stated that was all they had and that was that. In a nutshell, I was displeased within 5 minutes upon entering the hotel. SO - my visit started out pretty bad and left a bad taste in my mouth from the get go - As I said to the desk clerk upon check-in: "This was obviously a huge mistake on my part to have booked at this hotel". My apologies to the DoubleTree down the street where I canceled in order to stay at this W. Now the room - oh my - THIS WAS THE SMALLEST HOTEL ROOM I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!! So, from what I thought was going to be a suite to a large walk-in closet - you can imagine my feelings. So yada-yada, the stay started out very bad. On the good side - the room was very clean, tastefully appointed, and had the usual W amenities. The halls were nicely decorated and clean as well. The maids were very professional (especially the one I had on my 1st day - Hilda?) and attentive. Room service was pretty good (though pricey). All in all, though the hotel was OK in the end, this was my first, and last stay at the W New York. I've stayed now at 6 W properties, and this one is NOT on the same par with the others. Businesses should take note of why customers are dissatisfied and it started with the suite not being available (although I was able to book it on-line), but probably would have not been as bad had the manager on duty been more congenial and accommodating with the issue - it was her attitude that really set off my feelings from the start. Oh - I had to argue with her to reduce the rate initially (since I wasn't being given what had been promoted - as I saw it, a bait and switch tactic), and she was annoyed at my request. All that aside, the room was tiny - really tiny. And, the hotel really just didn't "Wow" me like the other W's where I've stayed.