First the positive: The Valet team and Bell hops were eager to please. The location is decent. Inner-city Hotel rooms are small in general, but this room is arranged so inconveniently and thoughtlessly as to make the room very non user friendly. When I was entering the hallway from the elevators I wondered if I was entering a trailer park. They had very drab colored walls and pseudo Eco friendly grass gardenettes on the walls. -There is no usable shelf space in the bathroom to place your toiletries and dental paraphernalia -The shower door is sealed shut at the end where you adjust the water which prevents you from adjusting the water temperature before you enter the shower. -The shower door does not close  this appears to be simple cheapness as they have a single piece door rather than dual piece slider -The bathroom door does not lock, affording no privacy should any one else be in the room -There is no in room coffee by default, though I did get it when I complained -The plugs are few and very hard to access. Only one usable plug in the bathroom. The plus near the desk are hard to access....if they had been a few inches higher, they would be perfect usable. -I heard crackling and static when I spoke on the wireless phone. This re-enforced my image of cheapness and lack of attention to detail. -The A/C did not work well  it only went down to 75 degrees and it had a hard time maintaining that There is only one sitting spot (other than the bed): The chair at the desk. The desk chair does not roll. I asked for a blended drink at the bar and was informed that W hotels do not make blended drinks. When I raised this issue to management, I received a very gracious and apologetic message, but no one ever responded to my follow up message accepting their free drink offer. The room screams "I am inconvenient" I have stayed at many starwood Hotels including the W Times Square, Westin Times Square, Westin Seattle, Westin St Francis San Francisco, Park Tower Sheraton London, Sheraton Belgravia London, Westin Bay Shore Vancouver, Westin Grand Vancouver, Westin Mission Hills Palm Springs, Calgary Sheraton Cavalier) and the W New York simply does not deserve to be in the Starwood portfolio: It belongs in the "motel 6" porfolio" in my view. I have reviewed many of the starwood hotels I have stayed at, and my rating are very postive Don't be duped into paying starwood and "W" prices for this property