There are too many more-than-adequate hotel options in NYC to stay here and risk being subject to horrible service. Below is the notice I provided the hotel to give them an opportunity to make up for not being advised upon check-in that I would hear the sounds of drilling and hammering outside my window in the morning. They requested I let them know if I return for another stay at the hotel so they can show a "true, W experience." No way guys...you lost that trust. "I am writing to inform you about an unfortunate incident during a recent stay from April 11-14 at the W Hotel New York. By way of background, I would mention that I have been a loyal customer to Starwood Hotels, in particular to the W Hotels. During the past few months, I have been traveling regularly to NY for firm business and have developed a preference for the property at which I stayed last week, and my prior visits had been very pleasant. Early on the morning of April 12, we were awakened by the unpleasant sounds of hammering and drilling right outside our window. I immediately called the Whatever, Whenever line, informed them of the noise, and asked the drilling and hammering be stopped. The hotel representative said she would find out what's going on and have it stopped. Five minutes pass and the noise continues. I call again and the hotel representative tells me they cannot stop the drilling and hammering, but can move us to another room on the other side of the building if we choose. I replied that we were half asleep and not dressed so that was not an agreeable option for us at that moment. She said they couldn't do anything else, and I said that I would talk to my girlfriend to see what we were going to do. The hotel representative replied that she would have the hotel manager call me shortly to see what we decided to do. I never received that call from the manager. When I returned to the hotel early that afternoon on April 12, I asked to speak to the manager. The manager came out to the lobby, greeted me, and mentioned that he heard there was a problem with noise outside our bedroom window that morning and offered to upgrade our room and move us to the other side of the building for the following two nights. I mentioned to him that I was following up because I was expecting a call back from him as the hotel representative said would happen, but did not. He said that he was standing right next to that representative when she took the call, and that I was told that they were waiting for me to let them know what I wanted to do. First impression -- I could not believe the manager was basically telling me that I heard incorrectly and challenging me in the first 15 seconds of our meeting. He then asked me if I would like to be moved to the upgraded room for the next two nights. I said yes, and asked him why we were not informed about this hotel condition upon check-in or at any other time (during my previous stays at that property, I have always stayed on a side of the hotel facing the street). He said there is notice in the welcome letter that guests receive at check-in. I told him we never received any welcome letter or notice, because if we had, we would have made a change immediately. He simply replied that we should have received something, and dismissed the issue. I proceeded to ask him how he would like to handle the previous-night's sleep that was unpleasantly interrupted by conditions at the hotel. He replied that there was no problem with the prior night's stay and that his remedy was his offering to move us to another room for the remainder of our stay. He simply stated that he thought the upgraded room he was offering made up for everything and he would do nothing more about our bad experience that first night. In short, I believe an uninterrupted night's sleep goes without saying as what a basic hotel offers its guests, and a W Hotel typically provides that and much, much more. I did not receive even the basics that first night's stay." A few emails and a phone call with Starwood customer care for a few points thrown my way. Stay somewhere else or join the growing list of former guests that stand beside themselves at the lack of service here.