I had been scouring the internet looking for a good rate for a Friday night in the city. Finally I found one for a 4* hotel in midtown. I wouldnt know which hotel until I booked it, figuring it would be the Waldorf or Marriott East side or something of that caliber. I figured any 4* hotel for under $300 would be great. Upon receiving my confirmation from hotwire I found out Id be staying at the W. Immediately I hopped over to trip advisor and read the plethora of bad reviews. I was disappointed, but decided to go with an open mind. We entered the hotel at 6pm on Friday night and the lobby/bar area was abuzz with people enjoying happy hour. It was more like a night club than a hotel lobby with loud thumping music. But thats a W for you, trendy and exciting. We were checked in immediately. I noticed many people said the staff was rude. I wouldnt say rude but we werent greeted with a smile thats for sure. The concierge was much friendlier. Went up to the 5th floor and its like a labrynith..nooks and crannies and dark, dim hallways. We found our room and prepared for the worst. The room itself was not bad. But it WAS small. VERY small. There was MAYBE 1 foot of space in between the bed and the shoddy TV cart. There was a large closet with plenty of hangers, a small desk and chair. The bed was also very small. No way was it a queen size. I think it was a full size because I have a queen at home and this was smaller. But the carpet was clean, the wallpaper was not peeling. It reeked of smoke and air freshener. I wish I could have just opened the window to air it out but obviously we couldnt open the window. Instead we turned on the fan which really did nothing. The room was rather dark also, even with all the lights on. The bathroom was very clean and had plenty of towels and I loved the Bliss Spa toiletries. Since I only stayed here 1 night (left the room at 7pm and didnt return until 2am) I really didnt care but if I were staying several nights on vacation I would have asked for a non smoking room or stayed somewhere else. if youre only going to be in the city for a night, and just need a place to crash, and get a good rate, and dont care about service or space, then the W is fine. But there are so many fantastic hotels in the city I really see no need to stay here otherwise.