I almost always read (and heed) TripAdvisor reviews before booking hotel rooms. About once or twice a year I ignore the reviews for one reason or another, and almost always regret it. Case in point, the W Hotel New York. Believe the reviews, this hotel is really dreadful. I have stayed in Four Points that have significantly better service and facilities. I can deal with the small rooms, that is expected in NYC. The lobby is nice enough to look at, the the first floor is hopping with bar guests and diners. I checked in about 11pm after a late night flight from Europe. The service at the front desk was chilly and detached. When I asked the hostess if I received an upgrade for being a Starwood Platinum member, she looked at the screen and coldly responded 'no.' When I asked why not, she told me because I booked my room using points, that I would have no Platinum benefits. What? Isn't that exactly the reason why we accrue our points in the first place?! After some discussion, a manager walked by, coldly clicked some keys in the computer, and he found a jr suite for me. However he didn't address me or the receptionists obvious lack of understanding on how the programs work there. I could understand if the hotel was sold out, but no upgrades based on ineligibility using points was crazy. We got to the room - a jr. suite in NYC is like a regular sized room anywhere else, but I was happy for it nonetheless. However, the hallways are dank and musky, and the carpet is worn and frayed throughout. The furniture in my room could've come from my nephew's college dorm hand-me-downs. I haven't seen that much particle-board since my last trip to Ikea. The bathroom was fine. The mattresses are extremely out of date and uncomfortable. They bounce so much we thought we were on a waterbed, and had plenty of time to ponder that as we were rolling into each other in the center of the bed. Arriving late at night, I called the 'Whatever/Whenever" line to request a late check out. It rang for five minutes before an agent answered, and then cut me off midsentence to tell me that I needed to speak with the front desk to complete that request. (So much for whatever/whenever). After 10 minutes of ringing (no exaggeration), I ended up having to call the Starwood Platinum Concierge 800 number to ask them to complete the request for me. They were very slow to answer the phones (if ever), and the whatever/whenever button was true to its name. Their attitude was very 'whatever' and 'whenever' they got around to answering their phones, they may or may not assist you. The staff at this hotel had a tremendous amount of attitude and it wasn't positive. The location is fairly good, walking distance to Times Square and many other spots, and easy subway access a few blocks away. I realize it's NYC and that New York is its own animal, but bottom line is that if I have neutral to friendly service and a comfortable bed, I can deal with most anything else. This hotel offered none of the above. Try one of the newly remodeled Sheratons instead. Same amount of points and you'll be a comfy bed. The Starwood Platinum Concierge told me that they get regular complaints on this hotel. Save your time and energy, believe the reviews, and move on to another choice. This hotel does not deserve the W brand name, and the long list of lengthy poor reviews shows they are not interested in making the changes needed to earn their stripes. Stay elsewhere.