My cousin and I just got back to the UK after staying 6 nights in the W New York, Lexington Ave. Theres bad and good about this hotel but given the chance, we both agreed we would not stay there again. My cousin works for the travel company we booked through and requested a twin room for us. When we arrived I asked at the desk to ensure it would be a twin (I only asked because I have seen a previous review from someone who was booked into a double when they requested a twin). Anyway, the girl at the desk informed us that we were booked into a double room "as requested by the agent" she told us, and that they are fully booked so they can't move us! The manager came over and we informed her that my cousin worked for the travel company and basically was the agent! Took her a few minutes to actually get this. She offered to move us the next day and gave us a free breakfast so I guess at least they compensated. They were pretty miserable though. The rooms are extremely small and shabby. They need thorough redecoration and new carpet. The room service was very expensive but good quality. Its a good location, walking distance to most attractions, plus the open top bus tour starts around the corner. The rooms are very dark, not helped by the fact that one of the lights didn't work. We couldn't be bothered to ask to get it fixed as had already asked them to fix the safe and the bathroom sink plug. The twin room was actually 2 single beds, the first time I have seen this when visiting America. The beds were comfortable though. The most positive thing about the hotel was the cleanliness. The room was always cleaned to a high standard. We were charged 1400 for 6 nights for this hotel. If we had actually had to pay all of this (we got a discount), I would be asking for a partial refund. I know New York is expensive but last time we went we stayed in a 3 star hotel at a fraction of the price which was by far superior. If you got a special deal on this hotel, and I mean very special deal, then yes go for it. But if you are paying the normal rate, just don't do it!