I stayed here one night during this past week in March. I chose this hotel because the AAA rate that I could get made it comparable in price to the Waldorf across the street and the Marriot next door. Having stayed at both before, I thought I'd give the W a try. Big mistake. First of all, when I went to my assigned room, I noticed that there was a tray of dirty dishes next to the door (and also along most of the hallway - yuck!). I also heard loud music coming from my room. Perplexed, I unlocked the door and peeked inside. Fortunately, I didn't catch a glimpse of anyone in particular, but all the lights were on and music was blaring. Clearly, this room was already occupied. When I went downstairs to get another room, there was no apology whatsoever for sending me to the wrong room. Apparently, they are too cool to give apologies here. When I finally got to the correct room, I was highly disappointed. VERY small - even for NY, and I travel there on business quite a bit. The room was boiling hot and when I went to turn down the heater, I noticed the grate covering it was all broken and in pieces. It never really cooled down and it was so loud for the entire night. I went to turn on the light next to the heater and guess what - it was broken, and even if it wasn't, there was no light bulb in it. The carpet was ripped in a few places and the desk was all chipped up. No bathtub either, but I don't really need that. However, the shower curtain didn't reach all the way to the floor, resulting in a flood the next morning when I showered. People in the corridors were very loud. I kept waking up all night thinking someone was trying to break into my room, when really it was someone across the hall or next door going into their room. Overall, this was a very disappointing stay, especially for the prices they try and charge ($300+ per night). Just to be fair, I'll also point out a couple of good things. The lobby bar seems like a fun place if your young and pretty and want to have fun. Although I am young and pretty :-), I was on a business trip and not looking for much fun. I ordered room service and the food arrived promptly and was very good. Pricey though - $30 or so for a plate of pasta. I wouldn't recommend this place for families or business travelers. But if you're looking to have fun, don't care about the size or cleanliness of your room or the corridors, by all means, this is the place for you.