We stayed at the W for five nights during the Christmas holidays. What a disappointment! This was my first time staying at a W property. I had heard that the hotels were trendy and the rooms tastefully designed with a contemporary flair. What I didn't hear is that the rooms are so small that they are barely functional. Because it was the Christmas holidays, my husband and I packed more heavily than usual, bringing gifts as well as the usual travel items. The first room we were given was so small that I honestly didn't think we would be able to maneuver once our luggage and packages arrived, and we are both smaller than average. I expressed my concern to the desk clerk who informed me, albeit very politely, that none of their rooms are very spacious. He agreed to relocate me, but warned that the new accommodations would only be minimally larger. He was right. In addition to the small space, there was an awkward room divider which didn't add anything to the style value and merely segmented the room unnecessarily. There was a built in area with an armless chair which functioned as a small desk. In addition, there were no night stands but a narrow wall shelf which held the clock radio and telephone. The bath only contained a shower (no tub) and the lighting in the entire unit was so dim that it felt like a cave. I don't know how anyone could possibly apply makeup in the dark bathroom and I even had trouble seeing the items in my suitcase (there was not sufficient drawer space to unpack your clothing). Although the hotel was generally well maintained, there were, as my daughter would say, "telltale signs of aging" with torn wallpaper and peeling paint in the bathroom. There was a charge for high speed internet service and for the wireless service which I understand was available in some of the lobby areas. The only complimentary itnernet access was in the Business Center, and the desk clerk failed to disclose that information when I called to inquire about availability. Finally, the fitness center was being renovated and although alternate facilities were offered, I wasn't up to trekking down the street in the cold, rainy weather. If you like the location, I would recommend the Eastside Marriott, only steps from the W. My advice -- stay there. The rooms and facilities are infinitely better. Even though the reviews were not great, I chose to stay at the W based on the reputation of the chain, thinking the accommodations couldn't be that bad. Don't make the same mistake I did -- believe the reviews.