We chose this place since it was recommended by relatives, and we needed a place for one night between 2 timeshare weeks. I really wanted to like this; not only is it cute, but I believe it's a small, independent place, not a chain. First I'll give the positives: Location: it is right off of 192 in Kissimmee, easy to get back and forth to Disney World; a Walmart very close by; many family-friendly chain restaurants nearby, a Publix, Walgreens and a CVS also close. Price: very budget-friendly. Cleanliness: spotless, not a bug or stray hair in sight (and dh and I always check the matresses first). The matress itself was very comfortable too. Parking: great; right outside our room, and for 2nd floor units, there's an elevator. We didn't use the t.v., although it looked fairly new for a non flat-screen. Lighting in the room was average for hotels; just enough to make you think it's ok until you try to read. Now the negatives: old, shabby and in need of repair, not to mention updating. The "mini-suite" was nothing more than a standard motel room, with two beds switched out for a king-size bed, and a half-wall separating the bed from the sofa in a pathetic attempt to make the room feel more functional; it did nothing but make it tinier than it already was, I haven't been in such a small room since I visitied Manhattan, NYC. Our dresser was missing several pieces of hardware; the table and chairs provided in the room looked well-used - finish chipped, upholstery torn, chairs wobbly. The floor (carpet in most, tile in the bathroom area) was dirty, my feet got black just after a little while walking around barefoot. I had to use a piece of luggage as a bedside table. The inside of the dorm-sized fridge was cracked with insulation visible. The wifi was nonexistent. My husband finally took his laptop out to the car to pick up the signal; I just gave up and tried to read a book. The toilet-roll holder was mounted to a piece of plywood which was nailed to the wall. Same for the clothes-rod in the "closet". The shower curtain felt like it came from the dollar store. The room smelled musty; thank goodness I had a candle to burn to combat the oder. The a/c was completely inefficient. With that half-wall, the cold air couldn't circulate to the other side where the bed is, and we were too warm all night. We didn't go to the pool, because there were NO chairs there! The motel itself is set back from the highway, but it's a bit confusing to enter the parking lot. You have to first turn into a strip-mall, then go to the end of it as if you're driving around to the rear, then you finally come upon the motel itself. The continental breakfast? A joke! Two kinds of cereal in dispensers, white bread for toast, a communal bowl of margarine, and another communal bowl of jam. The coffee was more like hot water that had a brown crayon passed through it. The fruit was plastic! (Why bother even putting that out?) The juice was actually a juice-drink, probably was only an orange-flavored beverage like Kool-Aid, tsk, a real sin in Florida. And last but not least, there were only two chairs! I guess the other guests knew not to come! Definitely just a place to sleep, but no more for us, when 192 is lined with other places with similar prices. What I want to know is what kind of camera they used to take the pictures that are on the website and the brochure, because they make that place look good, purple paint notwithstanding!