I have stayed twice at this hotel. The first time when it was in the midst of expanding and then more recently after the expansion. From the moment I arrived I was astonished at the treatment of their guests. When you arrive you are offered the choice of an expensive valet or an almost equally expensive self park option. Not different then the other hotels except the parking lot is a goo three or more minutes walk from the lobby entrance. The quickest way is along the driveway exposed to the elements and valet race car drivers. Who ever planned this should design an easier way to park and walk to the lobby. I guess they want you to valet. The. When I arrived at check in the. Line was long. They told us that the computer system was over loaded and we could either wait indefinitely or check our bags and sit at the bar. No complimentary discount just an hour wait and then you pay the bar bill, tip the bellman, and trudge up to your room. I had an old room. So so bur not as nice as the new tower's rooms. The was not unusual except for the one night when six of us decided to eat at their Napa restaurant. We arrived at 6 when the restaurant was mostly empty. We ordered our dinner at 6:15 and were promptly given our appetizers. By 7:30 we still did not have our main course. We asked the waiter who said that he would check. He never returned. We asked the manager to check. Fifteen minutes later she returned and said that it would be out shortly. By 8:30 our meal arrived. My steak was supposed to be medium well. It came out rare cold center. I asked for it to be cooked more. By 9:30 it still had not come out. Then a waiter carrying a steak looked lost and finally placed it in front of me. It was a different steak and it was raw as well. At this time all my guest had finished dinner and I only had a breadstick and water. The manager asked if I wanted a hamburger deliver as room service to my room and they would add it to the bill. At this time after 10 and four hours of waiting I did not want to eat. We paid the bill and then my party left and I asked for the manager. I told her the story and she said that they would take the steak off the bill. I said that this should have been done without my asking and that any quality restaurant would have offered a complimentary dinner the next night ( which I would have declined since I checked out the next day). After our stay we would NEVER stay at a Peabody again.