Others in our circle had excellent experiences with Peabody Hotels in other cities. We stayed in the new tower "2" which had only been open 3 weeks. When we arrived, our reservation paperwork said " 1 king bed" . Upon checking in, they only had two doubles available. What upscale hotel still offers two doubles? After 45 minues of arguing, we were given a room with two queens which was okay. When we entered the room, we noticed that it was dusty. My fiancee was able to write her name on the bathroom mirror in the dust. The remote control had stickcy stuff on it and was covered with dust. I went for ice and couldnt find the ice machine so I asked the room attendant. She told me that she had no idea where the ice machine was so I wandered the floor for a while until I found it. There were many other issues that should have not happened at a higher end hotel being a seasoned traveler. Hoping not to have to write a review, we met with Mr. Marshall Kelberman, the manager of rooms for the Peabody. He was very polite and assured us that he would make things right. He did take some money off of our bill. Unfortunately, immediately after that evening, when returning from several work events, we returned to our room and found that the room staff had forgotten to place the 4 glasses in our room for beverages; although they did take the dirty ones away. After calling, they did bring us glasses after some time. Upon check out, when leaving the parking garage, unfortunately our key card became demagnetised at the cross arms. We pushed the help button and no one answered. We pushed it again and again and nothing. After a while, we called the Peabody main desk and they sent a bus staff member to let us out. Why do they have help buttons in the parking structure if there is no monitoring? Overall, the hotel needs quite a bit of help. This was just a quick summary. Lots of other less than positive experiences over the 4 nights we were there. I would suggest somwhere else to stay. I truly hope that the Orlando Peabody can sometime measure up the othe others in the same chain. It clearly didn't this trip.