I reserved our rooms at the Peabody in May 2010 for 9 days beginning July 30th and leaving Aug. 8th. I was never told there was construction going on when I made the reservation nor was I told about the "Service Fee". I made a reservation for 2 adjoining rooms. When I called back the Monday before our arrival to confirm our reservation, again no one mentioned the construction. I did not learn of the construction until I went on this website, Tripadvisor.com, and read about it. On the Tuesday before our arrival, I received an e-mail with a different confirmation on it. I called to find out what had changed and was told they didn't have any adjoining rooms available but we would be upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. (This turned out not to be any great upgrade). I inquired about the construction and was told that "it was not noisy. They were just moving in beds and putting in final fixtures." The person I spoke to also told me she would request a "quiet room" for our stay. I was also told the construction was only going on Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Upon our arrival and after a 7 hour flight, when we checked in, the front desk wanted us to sign for the $15.98 a day "Service Fee" for 3 rooms. The "suite" consisted of 2 rooms with a palor in the middle. The services were for items we weren't even going to use: Wireless Internet (we brought our own), local and long distance use of the telephone (we had our own cell phones to use), 2 bottles of Peabody water (we bought a 6 pack at Walgreens for $3.79), I-Ride tickets (we purchased 3 - 1 all day pass for $12.00 and we didn't even end up using them), use of the fitness center (we never used it), and shoe shining (we were wearing tennis shoes and didn't need shoe shining). We were told at check-in that this "Service Fee" was "automatic". After much complaining, they finally waived the "Service Fee". We awoke on Saturday morning to construction noise and on Sunday morning we were awaken to jackhammering and construction noise at 7:45 a.m. We complained at the front desk and were told they would change our room. I also mentioned that I was told the construction was only Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and the front desk told me that the construction was 7 days a week as they were trying to finish the hotel for the upcoming convention season. When we arrived back at the hotel later in the day, they had changed our room to one on a higher floor when we complained that we were still on the side of the hotel where the new tower was being built, we were told it didn't matter where in the hotel you were, you were going to get construction noise because they were now doing work in the main hotel. Our new room was just as bad as the previous room. Little did we know that there were some brand new rooms in the hotel but we didn't get any of them. We found out when our friends arrived to spend a few days and they had been given new updated rooms. Our rooms had old furniture that had nicks in them, old drapes and old dirty looking carpets. When we complained again, after spending a lot of money to stay at this hotel for 9 days, they refunded us 2 days for 1 of the rooms we booked. We also had to endure 2 power outages, 1 in the middle of the night and one beginning at 4:00 a.m. and going on and off until 11:00 a.m. The person I spoke with in Reservations should have been honest about the construction and the "Service Fee' when I made my initial reservation or at least when I called to confirm my reservation. I was lied to and this hotel ruined our vacation! I can honestly say that I will NEVER stay at another Peabody hotel ever again and will never recommend this hotel to anyone.