When we booked two nights at the Peabody we were expecting a romantic stay at a top quality hotel. Perhaps my expectations were too high... First, the primary complaint - the daily fee. The fee is supposed to cover internet access (Hello! This is the 21st century and even low budget hotels now offer free Wi-Fi!) and valet parking which is an unfortunate neccesity. At first it may seem posh to have to use valet services, but it quickly grows old as you have to plan your every move in advance because you really need to call for your car before you wait 10 minutes to receive it. Construction was being done on the hotel so self-parking is not really an option unless you want a LONG walk, and also note that their 24 hour diner is closed for renovations too. This hotel really seems geared more toward a business traveler who just has the company pick up the tab for all the little extra expenses, but as a vacationer, it would not be my first pick again. Don't even get me started on the Business Center and how much they wanted to charge for printing. Total rip off. To boot, we thought we were getting a really nice room for what we spent, but ther only thing that distinguished the place at all from a clean room at the La Quinta was that they had a TV behind the toilet. It would be a nice amenity if the tub was big and nice enough for a bath, but unless you are a man, it's hard to really see it - if you get what I mean. We also ordered a Pizza from room service late at night. It had just passed the time for the regular kitchen to make it, so we ended up with their different late night Pizza options. To be honest, I've had better pizzas from the freezer section at the grocer, and for the price and time it took for it all, I wouldn't do it again - not that I'll return to the hotel. To be fair, the room itself was very clean and had some cute duck details like the doorstop and duck shaped guest soap. The bed was large and comfy. You could tell it was a higher quality accomodation, it's just that my expectations were for much more considering the price. The staff - especially the valets - were always more than friendly, and it was fun to watch the ducks swim in the fountain in the lobby. As long as you are expecting to pay through the nose for the convenience of a clean hotel on I-Drive in Orlando, you'll enjoy it fine, but for me, well my money could have been put to better use.