CALL AHEAD AND ASK ABOUT THE CONVENTIONS BEING HELD!! I stayed at the Peabody from July 29 - August 2nd. First of all this was my first trip so I did not know what to expect. The check in was easy, and we proceeded to our room. The first problem we encountered was that we were not given the King Bed we had requested. We didn't complain and went right out to a theme park. Upon returning we encountered what seemed to be 400- 500 teenagers in the hallways, on the elevators and basically overunning everthing. I was tired and only had 2 hours sleep because of an early flight. I looked down to the pool. We counted 218 teenagers in the pool and over 50 teenagers, unsupervised, in the hottub sitting on each other(because there was no room) and acting crazy. I was 20 floors up and could hear the screaming and yelling for over an hour and could not sleep. I went to the pool and asked the one parent I saw what she thought about the 50 + boys and girls sitting on each other in a hot tub on a religious trip. Teens were ,seriously, riding up and down the elevator and calling it a party elevator as we tried to get on the elevator. I was unbelievably upset and it was ruining my trip and my stay. The teens and some parents would just continously shove you out of the way and you could wait 1/2 and hour to get on an elevator packed- end to end- with dripping wet screaming teens- coming from the pool. I showed the manager what was going on around midnight. We were upgraded to another room as the people in the last review said. The other room was awesome. I was very impressed with this room, but I can only imagine what it would cost, had not thousands of teens kept me up all night and taken the room had had been promised(I had even paid to upgrade to a king bed. The accomadations for the second room were second to none, but my original room was basic and not what I asked for. The Superior Room is no different from the Delux except for a little T.V. set and the fact you are moved a few floors higher. On a positive note, room sevice was good, we had a blow dryer and iron and ironing board. If you stay in the fron part of the hotel you can see both the disney fireworks and the Seaworld Fireworks simultaneosly at 10 p.m. There is also a 10$ daily charge that they will bill you for at the end of your stay for water and an I trolley pass. The internet is 10 $ more a day. It is close to Seaworld, Universal and Discovery Cove. Discovery Cove is awesome, but you can skip Seaworld and Island of Adventure. Universal is cool too- but you MUST have the express pass. The marching of the ducks is cute and be sure to take a duck soap for a souvenier. Again, I would definatey call ahead and ask what conventions are here because they will ruin your stay. The last day the teens had gone and we enjoyed a pianist and the marcing ducks. I belive the would be one of the BEST hotels you can stay at if there were not a giant convention.