I stayed at The Peabody Orlando for a major conference in mid-October. This was my worst hotel experience EVER. My colleague brought her reservation confirmation sheet with her and was told during the check-in process that they did not have a record of her reservation and she would need to find a room elsewhere. Because there were several conferences in town, there were no nearby rooms. So, she ended up having to stay with me. Strike one. Strike two-- our room was dirty. There were cup rings and large coffee drops on the marble counter, there was lipstick on the lampshade (the side facing the room), a large piece of ribbon was pushed under the entertainment cabinet rather than actually being vacuumed up when housekeeping came in the next day. Housekeep actually entered our room (while we were in it) without knocking first! I often say at five-star hotels and the cleanliness of this room was not at all acceptable. Strike three-- the wireless never wokred after 6:00 p.m., was always slow, and cost $7.00 a day for connectivity for one laptop. You had to pay an additional fee for a second laptop. I do feel lucky to have been given a room upon my arrival. Two colleagues who arrived at the same time had to wait for over two hours to be assigned a room. And we arrived at about 5:00 p.m. Numerous others at the conference told stories about not having a room, having to vacate their room before their reservation was over. No one had success with the wireless access. Everything is a $13 cab ride, except for the airport which is about $35.00, from this hotel. The hotel is close to nothing except the convention center. I phoned the hotel to discuss my stay and spoke to the front office director. The director said all the right things, but as it turns out, talk is cheap. On a memo dated June 3rd (for my October stay!), I was told I would receive a refund of 20% of my stay-- a total of $140.63-- issued to the credit card on file. Being as this trip was being reimbursed by my employer, this was not even a close to an acceptable resolution. To his credit, I requested, and was given, a reversal of the refund (writing a $140 check to my employer was not something I was interested in doing). For a hotel selling itself on wonderful service, my experience was the opposite... from the first impression of a dirty room to an apology memo dated months BEFORE my stay. If you are attending a conference at the convention center, stay at the Sheraton or one of the lovely hotels at Universal Studios.