Just back from a 2 week stay and unfortunatly my experience was not as good as other postings. After reading all the positive comments and the website detailing room refurbishment in 2005 I was quite confident that this would be perfect for us. We must have been very unlucky with our room. We were poolside, The floor space was great and newly decorated. Unfortunatly the kitchen let the suite down. The cabinets were chipped and water damaged, you could scrape grease off the hand grips and front doors of the lower cabinets. the hinges were rusty and caked in dirt. The microwave had dirt in the door and old food in the seams inside. The air conditioning vent in the living room was filthy and some of the furniture was soiled. In one of the bathrooms the handbasin was cracked and again the cabinets water damaged. My first complaint met with a promise of deep cleaning the next day, that wasn't done so on day 3 I asked to be moved. Was told a room was coming available that day so to repack all our cases and take our valuables out with us that day. After packing when we went to ask for a safety deposit box were told the room wasn't available after all and to come back that evening(wasted morning at the parks). The only rooms they could offer us were in the walkways between the buildings looking onto of the wall with large air conditioning vents outside the bedroom windows. Not ideal for a 14 night stay at $159 a night! Advised to ask at reception each night for next day availability. Was told the manager only worked 11am til 5pm (not true). So wrote to her and was offered the room we rejected a couple of days before. During the second week the kitchen was cleaned and checked by the manager. Other than the air vent and door grips you couldn't have told. Didn't actually use the kitchen during our stay.If we hadn't paid in advance I would have moved on. This was our 8th visit to Orlando staying in a variety of hotel/motels and have stayed in better that were much cheaper. Its position is good for Disney,the facilities and communal areas were good, breakfast a bonus and apart from two of the receptionists, staff were very pleasant. Other than the reception area and breakfast room the place just looks a bit wellworn. Windows, walkways and paths dirty, staircases rusty, broken planters around the pool. I wouldn't stay again just because of the hassel.