We arrived to the Embassy Suites (Biltmore) on 7/3/10 for our two day stay. Since it was a last minute reservation, I did understand and being a Gold HH member we would not get a great room. We had initially checked into the Embassy Suites in Tempe, Az with advance reservations, but our room was not cleaned and smelled like cigarette. We checked out immediately and asked the representative to make reservations at the Biltmore since we have stayed several times in the past and love it there. However this time was a little different. We were given room #512 and the floors were not vacuumed, shower drain was clogged, bathroom door would not lock (at one point my daughter was locked in the restroom), room smelled like mold and carpet in the bedroom was not tacked down properly which is a safety hazard since there were exposed wires/cables for the television. I contacted the front desk and a housekeeping manager arrived to our room. I explained the issues and in which she stated "What do you want me to do?" I was amazed that she responded in that way and just told her nothing. I notified on duty manager Joy on 7/4/10, who assisted me in this issue and told me she would have a technician check the room and one night would be refunded to us for the inconvenience. Upon our arrival that night (9 pm), I noticed our room had a welcome box with a technician's notes stating all issues were resolved, however that was not the case. I contacted the front desk and spoke to Daisy who assisted me in coming to our room and witnessing nothing was resolved by the technician. I contacted a female duty manager on 7/5/10 and advised her of the situation and also told her Daisy had been a witness to the issue. The on duty manager also refunded our money for the 2nd night, and apologized for the issues. I want to first of all thank the Embassy Suite staff for a great job in assisting us regarding these issues. The housekeeping manager was no help at all and could not offer any solution. I housekeeping reads this review since they need major improvements!!!