I have to say that the staff at this hotel was just terrific, very accomodating, which is more than I can say for the staff at the Hyatt 2 blocks away. I was forced out of the Hyatt one morning before my conference started, so I walked to the San Carlos, where I had a reservation, and they let me check into my room early so I'd have somewhere to stow my bags. The major downside was the noise outside due to the construction going on for the rail system they are putting in. They had the entire intersection closed at the hotel during my stay, which made things interesting when I was trying to find a friend who was picking me up one morning. The place is just OLD. My room was supposed to have two double beds, but was given a room with one. The room was very small, but clean and my view was of homeless people and the street construction. (Not a great part of town). The toilet had no tank, which was a new one for me. The most frightening thing was not that the hotel may be haunted, but that the water that came out of the shower was SCORCHING HOT one minute and fine the next. To the point you had to jump out of the tub to keep from being burned and in an instant it's back to normal again. They have this little caution note by the shower head that says due to water pressure that water can become hot. NO KIDDING!!!!! While I had a none smoking room the people next to me must have been smoking in their room because I could smell it one evening and the walls must be made of paper because I could hear every word they said. (OMG) They also tried their best to get the connecting door between our rooms open, while I was in it. I can't remember the last time I stayed somewhere that didn't have a built-in hair dryer in the room (which is why I stopped carrying mine with me), thank goodness I was up early and that I have short hair. I guess they have some at the desk they loan out, but who knew? The most impressive thing was the meal I got from the restaurant downstairs. It was great as was the service. Chicken salad on a tomato laid in a field of lettace and surrounded by fruit, also bread and butter. The complimentary breakfast downstairs wasn't bad either.