We were in Phoenix for a trade show this month. We booked a room at the hotel well in advance and figured it would be fun to stay in a rustic place. I requested a suite since some of the reviews complained about the smaller single room size. Our flight got in late so we decided to find something to eat at the hotel- no such luck. The bar & hotel restaurant were both closed along with no room service after dinner. We opted for Dominos and went up to our room. We were on the second floor (Carrey Grant room). Upon entry, the room was very cool. It had a classical charm that some might look at as old and outdated, but it was really quite nice. The bathrooms were small and "old", but again, we were not expecting anything over the top modern. The first night we were getting ready for bed when a loud noise stared coming from the radiator. It eventually stopped 20 minutes later to give way to the loud music coming from the downstairs Irish Pub. Our room was RIGHT on top of the pub ceiling. It was so loud that we did not fall asleep until the bar closed at 2:30 AM. It was a rough first night and neither of us were happy with the room. We went to the front desk the next morning and asked to be moved to another room, the hotel was booked and there was nothing available. They informed us that if the music was too loud, they would send security over to tell them to turn down the music. So that seemed fair. The next night around 1AM the radiator in our room started to clang again. It was so loud it sounded like someone should have been standing there hitting it over and over with a pipe. We figured it would stop, as it did the night before, but it continued for over 2 hours. We were beside ourselves. The clanging stopped around 4am and construction outside our window began at 6am. We had noticed the construction the day before and my boyfriend had joked about how at least they weren't jack hammering. Well, at 6am they started jack hammering. The fact that the walls of the hotel are so thin does not help. You can really hear EVERYTHING that is going on around you. (more about this on night #3) By this point, we were both just exhausted from not getting any sleep & from running around mixing business & pleasure. I guess we could have said something about the radiators, but I think they would have tried to pull it off that our room was haunted instead of fessing up to poor maintenance of the historic hotel. (It is said that the hotel is one of the most haunted hotels in the US and that when they dug the well to the hotel in the early 1900's that they dug too deep and opened up a spiritual vortex. You can take a ghost tour of the hotel where they will show you the vortex- we did not make it... read on) The 3rd night (Friday) of our stay in Phoenix, we went out with friends and didn't get in until about 1am. The radiator seemed to have a knack for starting RIGHT when we would get into bed. This night, it clanged and banged all night long. I cannot describe how loud it was. You could not sleep through it. It did stop just in time for us to hear the room next store "start", if you know what I mean. I really don't know which was worse. By 7am I was up flipping through the phone book looking for another hotel. We called up the Wyndam and took a room for only 20.00 more per night than our current room. We were out of the hotel by 9 that morning. Hindsight, we should have left after the first night. Here's what I will say in fairness to Hotel San Carlos: It is a beautifully historic hotel. There is a lot of history and character that make it unique to the big chain hotels. The room prices are very high. So you are paying for the historic charm. I had a AAA membership discount and it was still fairly expensive. I would highly recommend requesting a room away from the Irish Pub and even from the front of the building to avoid the construction outside. The rooms do get chilly, showers are not very pleasant and walls are paper thin. Next time, I think I'd stay for a night then get the hell out and go somewhere more comfortable. The Wyndam was excellent. Hotel San Carlos was a nice hotel, but lack of sleep definelty dampened our outlook of the hotel.