I stayed here during the first week of March with two other family members. Our room consisted of a computer desk, coffee/endtable, two queen beds and a comfortable full-sized loveseat pullout. Space was very tight for three adults. To watch tv, one of us had to sit in the computer chair. There are only a few drawers and one smallish, unlit closet to put clothes. Even with all the room lights on, the closet was a black hole. We actually had to use a flashlight to find things. The kitchenette was functional. A two-burner stovetop, a 3/4 fridge, a small sink, a toaster, a four-cup coffeemaker, and four pieces of each type of flatware plus dishes and cups. Room service is weekly so we constantly ran out of things--toilet paper, towels, soap, etc. and had to get them from the desk downstairs. We ended up buying some things on our own. The amenities were ok. The exercise room is mostly a stairmaster and two treadmills. It is also the vending room and laundry room. It also has a big window that opens to the outdoor seating area so you can hear the tv when you're outside trying to enjoy nature. We only tried to use the breakfast room once and all they had was coffee and plain bagels. No juice, milk, muffins, cereal, etc. that I've seen at similar hotels. A fellow guest who has stayed here in the past said that this was a new development. Probably our biggest complaint was that the hotel did not enforce their own policies. The non-smoking signs were completely ignored by at least three rooms on our floor. The smell of cigarette smoke woke me up at 6 am every day and the lone elevator area also reeked of smoke. The elevator area was also a popular place for dumping bags of trash. The keycards seemed to be a recurring problem, as well. Cards that worked in the morning didn't work in the evening. The staff seemed to be aware of the problem. Thankfully, there's a phone outside the main doors and the entrance is visible to front desk staff. The outdoor areas were nice. There's a good-sized pool with a large concrete deck and lots of chairs, a jacuzzi, and a nice pergola-covered grilling and outdoor eating/\sitting area. The jacuzzi was the most popular in the early evening and, during baseball spring training at least, seemed to attract the six-pack and pizza crowd. By far, the biggest advantage to this hotel is the location. There's a nice, small park across the back parking lot that has a sidewalk for walking, there's a diner directly across the street, and an Enterprise car rental about two minutes away. Camelback/the Biltmore area, and all its shopping and dining, is only a block or so away.