In a continual quest for the resort that can meet our 11 twin boys' expectation of fun and our need for comfort with a splash of luxury, we selected the Arizona Grand Resort because of it's water park and 4 diamond rating. It turned out to be a disappointment for all. Here are my few pros and many cons: The Room: Pro: We stayed in a Deluxe Queen Suite and had paid to be in a building near the waterpark. The room was large enough for the 4 of us. The beds were comfortable and the amenities were nice. Con: The carpet was wet...we are hoping it was just cleaned? I guess we can take comfort in the fact that they do clean the carpets, but it gave the room a really musty smell and a general sense of unease. The bathroom door was warped and required a contortionist move to close it. The bathroom was extremely small and dark. The TVs were from last century and very small. The sofa bed could hardly be called a bed - the mattress was so thin - and squeaked all night. The Water Park & Pools: Pro: They have a water park and they have lots of pools. Cons: Our boys were bored with the waterpark in under an hour - and my kids love water parks. Maybe if you have younger kids - and/or less adventurous kids - it might work for you? You have to wear a bracelet to get into the park...it's a little annoying as an adult. All the reviews are right that there are not enough chairs. And we found that was more the case at the pools away from the park. For a 4 diamond resort, the pool towels are small, thin and simply awful. Food & Beverage: Pros: N/A Cons: Other than an order of fries, we never ate at the hotel...not for lack of trying. The wait staff at the park walked by us no less than a dozen times and never once asked if we wanted anything. The ice cream machine at the park was broken. The restaurants at the hotel were so far away from our room (and 4 Diamond expensive) that we would have needed to take our car anyway, so we went out for dinner. We did attempt to catch lunch before our flight at the Lobby Grill - at 11:00 when they said they were open for lunch - but were told we had to wait until all the breakfast guests had finished before she could even seat us. We left. Other annoyances: 1) The hotel staff uses loud gas-powered golf carts to get around. They beep when in reverse. The staff drives them on the paths in front of the guest rooms - until late at night. 2) A plus for some, but an annoyance for us, they have a kiddie DJ in the waterpark that goes from 6 - 8 and the volume is loud. If you have pre-tween or tween girls, this is probably a big hit, but it was a primary reason we fled the hotel for several hours. 3) The whole place just seemed tired. My husband commented that the place needs a good pressure wash. 4) There always seemed to be housekeeping staff in the halls (who had a fabulous knack for leaving their carts blocking passage), but there also seemed to always be dirty dishes and linens in the halls. 5) It is right off the freeway - which is convenient, I guess, but it really doesn't give you the sense that you are "getting away from it all." So, our quest for the ideal vacation resort continues. I guess I am most baffled by how this place has a 4 diamond rating. I have stayed in Ritz Carltons, Four Seasons and other luxury hotels and there is no way this hotel even comes close.