So, we are in the middle of a stay at the Arizona Grand and I feel compelled to draft this review now rather than waiting until get home. We arrived on 3/29 and knowing check-in was at 4, we contacted the front des and asked what accommodations could be made. The accommodation worked okay, not great, but fine. We were sent to one end of the resort to change, we then had to move our car t another area to access the water park. Again okay. Check-in is to be no later than 4 but alas it was 5:15 and still no room. Nothing they could do was what we were told, they were full. I called the reservation line from the lobby and was told they were not full. I went back to the desk and said they were not full, i wanted a room. None was provided. Kid in melt down mode, no room and no idea of when a room would be available. The concession offered was $50 in gift card to the Oasis bar. Interesting. Once you figure mark-up, the value provided was probably $15-20. Pathetic. We finally got a room around 5:30 the staff gave us terrible directions and we didn't find the room until nearly 6. It amazes me how hospitality mises the mark on the sole purpose. What would they do if their attorney or doctor showed up 2 hours late to a hearing or surgery? Would all be okay? The second, and bigger, issue we had related to allergies. This place is NOT going to work with you. My wife and daughter have Celiacs (gluten allergy). Nothing on the pool menu was something they could eat yet our snacks were confiscated when we came in. We had to then leave the pool area to eat which would not be a big deal if there were sufficient chairs. So we leave, lose our seats and by the time we return, there is no place to sit. We end up back in our room not being able to enjoy what we have paid for because of discrimination based on America condition. Thought we would bake it better for my daughter by getting her a nice bowl of ice cream for dessert. Nope. Only have sundaes and they wil not serve only ice cream. They could however charge $9 plus a $3 delivery charge plus a 23% gratuity for a scope of vanilla. I was told Paul Gray, the GM (his form responses to complaints are readily accessible) set the policy on allergies and the resort's decision on not accommodating same. Seems to be a problem that I will be happy to research once I get back home. Finally (well at least 1.5 days into a 5 days stay), I would warn families about what appears to be an reasonably priced resort. The actual cost is fine, the way you arrive there via the nickel and dime route is not. I would have rather paid more up front for another resort and been more confident in the product offered and the accomodations extended. A great example was breakfast. We ordered breakfast to our room. 2 omelette, 2 eggs scrambled, side of bacon and fruit was $74. I would invite Mr. Gray to directly address the specific issues raised in this review rather than offering one of his canned responses.