To be fair, we (my husband, two girls (7 & 3) and inlaws) booked this trip in early February. We decided that wanted to get away a little late in the game. Last year we did an all inclusive in Cancun and it was perfect for what we needed in a vacation. I began searching Cabo & Cancun and I just couldn't get good flight times at a reasonable rate, as well as Florida. We just about pitched the idea of Spring break when I received and email from a family vacation website listing their top 10 family resorts. Arizona Grand made the list. I was intrigued by the one bedroom suites and the water park. I checked Southwest vacations and the Grand was available with great flight times, I knew these flights weren't going to last so I checked a couple of reviews and booked it. Had it been December and I had more time to do my homework, I probably would have ended up at the Hyatt Scottsdale (they were not available during our dates, March 20-27) or more likely, Mexico. Upon arrival to the Grand (which is only about 10 minutes from the airport), the drive looks lovely. You approach a huge fountain that is in the middle of round-about and proceed down a orange tree lined street, in full bloom. The lobby is nice enough, as well as the outdoor lobby area with fire pits and seating to overlook the golf course. I was hopeful. The bellman escorted us to our room, showed us were to park. Parking is sparse. We were in the Camelback section and our room was an "upgrade" bc my husband signed up for the preferred guest program to get free wifi. We were told the rooms were newly renovated and that we were close to the water park for easy access. The rooms are small. We like suites bc the kids sleep in the pull out sofa and we can sleep in a king bed. At first I thought the size of the room was going to be a problem but it ended up working out. The decor was fine, nothing special and the TVs old. My main concern were the halls - they were so dark and old feeling. I didn't like the feeling. Since we had two suites, we compared notes with my inlaws and there were a lot of inconsistency. That drove me crazy - especially since they are charging a $40 resort fee per day. You had to request robes (I think at a 4 star resort that should be standard practice). I also found housekeeping service to be terrible. Amenities & towels weren't getting replenished - and when I call they never answered. I always got bounced back to the operator. It was annoying. Again not to harp, but get your largest department together, especially when charging such a hefty resort fee. It was a long a day and the girls we were fried, so we sucked it up and ordered room service pizza. Not good but we expected that. The food in general, was bad except for the club sandwich I had a the lobby restaurant. The food at pool park was not edible. Rustlers Roost on the top of the hill is a tourist trap but does have good views. I have to say my kids enjoyed themselves but I found it chaotic. They have a real bull, live music, balloon guy, slide for the kids and "free" cotton candy for the kids. I guess its hard not to try it, but the food was not good. Aunt Chilada's is horrible - stay away. Both myself and my father inlaw got sick that night and we think it was from there. The pool park occupied my 7 year old. They have slides, wave pools and and a lazy river. The hot tub in the pool park has too many chemicals. We actually witnessed a little boy puke bc he was overcome by the smell. Both my daughters developed a rash and I am sure it was from the harsh chemicals. More harsh than other public / resort pools I have experienced. The service was lacking for cocktails and foodservice. (as previously mentioned, the food was horrible). They did have a kiddy pool. Even though the bathrooms always smelled of pinesol, they were old and dated and dirty feeling. A lot of lifeguards on duty and towels were always available. I thought the pool chairs were old and dated and way too close together. It felt cheap. They do offer evening movies that the kids can watch "in" the pool and a dj and dinner buffet (didn't try). The "regular" pool is just that and is a nice reprieve from the over crowded wave pool. Plus it opens at 6am and closes at 10pm. There is a hot tub in that area as well and it doesn't smell over bleached. THINGS I LIKED: The kids liked the pools. My husband golfed and thought is was fine. The fitness facility is impressive and offers a private adult pool for laps and lounging. The trails behind the resort are great. My older daughter loved them, my husband had to carry my 3 yr old. We would have loved to explore that area more. WOULD I RETURN: No. The price isn't hat reasonable and I know I could find something comparable for around the same price. Especially when you factor the resort fee into it. I didn't like the location at all (except for the foothills). The food is bad. The service, which really makes or breaks a hotel fell terribly short. I never felt like the hotel was run by good management.