We stayed over the 4th of July weekend for a family member's big birthday bash. It was a fun weekend, but there were some highly dissapointing points. Honestly... it might have been a total bust as a location if it weren't for the water park. But even then, for the price, I'm not sure it was worth it. This trip began with said family member booking the rooms, which he understood as being 2 bedrooms (they were not, they were two beds in a room), which led to having to get an extra room. We all dealt fine, but you could see it was a bit of a dissapointment and embarrasment to them to have to find another room at the literal last minute to make everyone comfy. Well.. comfy if you have a bed, anyway. Some of the kids in different rooms used the sleeper sofa. After one night, a few of them begged for other family's couch cushions, so they could just sleep on the floor. Upon inspection of our sleeper after the complaint of the beds leaving spring marks, I was horrified to find that they were pretty much just thin mats. No wonder they were uncomfortable! So, if you're planning on using the sleeper sofas, bring an airmattress. The rooms, overall, are okay. Which is fine, if you're paying okay prices. But for 200+ a night, plus resort fees? Dirty carpets, a minifridge that does not get cold, old furnishings and tv? I've stayed at better Best Westerns for far, far less. It was very dissapointing, and we kept our socks on alot (see photos, if TripAdvisor allows them). At least the linens and bathroom were clean. Which was a suprise, because the maid service was, well, deplorable. Several of us had to call and wait several hours to get our rooms serviced (just trash) or towels, after returning and finding nothing had been touched all day! I mean, I know it's a busy weekend, but at least one room never got any service, let alone late service. NOT cool. About the only time they actually did come in force was very early on the day we were to check out. Made us feel real welcome. :( Also of note: bring a cooler with water and food. The one thing "resort" like at this place are the prices. Absurdly high prices for just about everything. Plan ahead. And watch your credit card. One family member's room was charged for someone else's (unrelated) rather large room service bill, along with another billing issue they had. As I said before.. probably the best thing about this place is the water park, which is pleasant and seemed pretty clean. Oh, and the amenities were Gilchrist and Soames (sp?), which were nice. But for the price, the service, and the rooms? You'd probably be much better off staying somewhere else, and visiting a water park elsewhere in PHX. Which is sad, because it has alot of potential to be great.