My family and I decided to try a staycation over Labor Day weekend. We have 3 children, 2 of which are under 3. We thought the water park would be great Entertainment. We arrived at 4pm to check-in to find that the hotel was behind and it would be at least an hour before our room was ready. They sent us to the Water park and told us to try back later. We drove to the water park to find there are no changing rooms at the park so we drug our kids back up the hill with all Our bags to change at the fitness center. Beautiful building but not family friendly. Had to explain to my 3 year old why we were changing with other naked women Walking around and trying to keep my one year old out of lockers! So we store all our belongings in several small lockers and head back down the hill to the water Park. An hour goes by and our room still isnt ready. At 6:00pm my children are getting hungry. We had a $50 resort credit and wanted to use it towards the dinner Buffet being served poolside. However we are informed thats not possible because we still are not checked into the hotel and our room STILL isnt ready at 6:00pm An night. The girls working at the pool were very kind and spoke to someone who said to go ahead and go through the buffet and they would make sure the charges Were applied to our room folio. Buffet was great for adults however, not very kid friendly. Hard as a rock chicken tenders and tatter tots were the only option for Children. No drink options other than soda. 7pm we have the pool attendees call again and our room is finally ready. I had to leave my husband and kids at the pool and Go to the other side of the property to check-in, but first go to the fitness center to get my credit card and ID out of the fitness center. After checking in and getting keys the Valet gives instructions to get to our room. Its now dark and there are no numbers on the buildings. The directions he gave were completely wrong. He told us we were on The first floor but we were on the second. The building had elevators that didnt go to the first floor and room numbers that do go in order!! Its crazy. Pay the valet to take you To your room! Its worth it. Get to the room and the tub is wet and has many black hairs on the side and bottom of it. Coffee cups are dirty and stained with lipstick. How can this room not be completely clean after waiting so long? At this point Im ready to go home and ask for a refund. Next day was much better. Restaurant breakfast was a little pricy but very good and the pool activities kept the kids entertained. Upon check-out there are additional charges to my bill. Front desk attendee tells me he had no access to the charges, doesnt even know what they are for and that I have to call the accounting department the next business day. 3 days later, the accounting department still cant figure it out but hasnt credited my credit card either. All in all, the hotel is beautiful and perfect for adults. Ive traveled a lot with my kids but have never had such a challenging trip. Im in no hurry to go back to the Arizona Grand and wouldnt recommend it to anyone on a holiday weekend or anyone with smaller children.