My family and I spend 1-2 weekends at this resort each year - because we enjoy the Oasis waterpark. While I have noticed a slip in service levels over the last year, this most recent experience was noticeably worse and worthy of not returning. The staff appear to be very junior and not properly trained. The resort was busy and the staff did not seem equipped to handle the large # of guests. When we arrived in our car and pulled up to the front lobby, no one greeted us -- there were employees walking past us with no recognition. I finally stopped someone and told them we were checking in and asked if we could leave our car. He said "ya, just give me your keys" The lady that checked us in barely cracked a smile. I tried to make pleasant conversation with her to no avail and she eventually told me she had already been "beat up quite a bit that day." We told her we were travelling with another family who had already checked in and requested a room close to or connecting to them. She told us that the room our friends checked into did not offer a connecting room (of which we confirmed later that was false), she then offered to place us in a room in the same building and confirmed that it would have a ground floor patio that opened to the waterpark (we agreed to take this room rather than have our friends check-out and wait for two connecting rooms to become available because we decided this patio option would be nice for all of us to enjoy). When we arrived to our room, we found that our "patio" opened to the parking lot and had no more than standing room. At the waterpark, we found the pricing of food & drinks to be downright ridiculous-- Example: $7 for chicken fingers, we had to pay extra for a side of BBQ sauce + another $4 for fries, all of which show up in a plastic basket.. My friend and I went to the spa for pedicures ($70) and I will tell you the service and atmosphere did not warrant more than $20. The pedicure area was stuck in the back of the salon, the "massage" chairs barely rumbled. The actual pedicure was very, very basic. We spent most of the time listening to the two nail technicians discuss their personal lives. When my pedicure was completed, my technician stood up, left and never even acknowledged that the pedicure was completed. My friend and I were told by someone else that we'd have to move because the chairs were needed "like right now" - we proceeded to walk barefoot across the salon to an empty chair. My technician returned to the salon room with supplies for the next service and noticed I was still there and said "oh sorry, I was busy, I'll be right there to help you with your shoes." Very disappointing! At the breakfast buffet, there were no labels on food items, the oatmeal was ice cold, and all staff seemed too busy to stop and offer assistance or even smile. Finally, we requested on two separate occasions to receive transportation to Rustler's Rooste. We stood outside both times for 10+ minutes and no one arrived. At one time I eventually walked to the front lobby. A bellman was standing outside with a ear piece on. As I stood directly in front of him, he did not acknowledge me but continued to speak into this earpiece. The man that finally drove me up to Rustler's Rooste also spoke on his ear piece non-stop to his other bellman buddies, cracking jokes. It was downright rude. I could go on with several additional examples. But, my final comment is that of warning. When booking a rate at this resort, ALWAYS take into consideration the additional $30 resort services fee. I saw several guests very upset about this at check in. Also, we booked a rate that included a $50 resort credit. Read the fine print on this as well. There are limitations as to where this can be spent. This resort is tricky in how it markets its rates and it does not clearly identify this rate during the reservation process. I am very sad, as this has been my favorite Stay-cation resort for a number of years but it might be time to find a new home-away-from-home. I am one that will spend money for a good vacation experience and enjoys splurging on spa expereinces., but, the Oasis Waterpark is no longer enough to overlook the poor service and lack of value you receive. Unless I hear of a dramatic service upgrade, we will not be returning.