The only thing that was above average abour our stay was the arrival. Friendly reception from canopy man/ info man, valet, front desk, and an awesome golf cart man / bellman that led us to our room and took our luggage up a flight of stairs.I regret forgetting his name so we could give him his due credit. Room was not as nice as I would expect for the price, and like I mentioned before, there was no elevator. T.V's were 20+ years old and I'm not exaggerating at all. I looked at the back of them for the manufacture date because I couldn't believe how old and terrible they looked. The bedroom T.V. was blurry and unwatchable.We wanted to order a movie for the bedroom T.V. but could not because the picture was terrible. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone out to look at / fix the T.V. 45 minutes later nobody had showed up, I called again and they said they would radio someone and get them there fast. 15 minutes later no one had showed up so I called the front desk again and told them to forget about it now because we were exhausted and ready for bed by then. It was definitely nothing but lip service. I don't think the T.V. was fixable, it just needed to be replaced with a model that isn't 20 years old. The $30 per night motels have nicer T.V's than this RESORT!! They charge you $15 per day for internet access so we didn't use it, a $30 resort fee which I assume is for the water park. Water Park was massively crowded with limited pool loungers. The water park grounds are not nearly as spacious as they look in the pictures, there are a lot of things left out in the pictures so it looks more open and inviting. Good luck finding a place to sit and relax if you are not there first thing in the morning when they open. There was a 15 minute line in the morning to get into the water park because they are so busy rifling through everyones bags to make sure nobodys bringing ANY outside food or beverage. We are obviously not the only people unaware of this. Every time I came in or left the park they were scolding and confiscating items from some other unfortunate/clueless person about the same thing.They absolutely gouge you in every way possible. They don't tell you when you book the room that you can't bring in any snacks, water, or other outside food and beverage to the water park. It makes for very expensive days with the kids.There were lines for the slides and even lines to get a tube to get on the lazy river, it was rediculous. Upon checkout we were not asked how our stay was, were not offered an apology, and were not offered any concessions/credits for the trouble we experienced. We have stayed at a few Scottsdale Resorts in the summer like Westin Kierland / JW Marriot that are much nicer and a much better overall value, places that genuinely seemed concerned about your happiness. My family won't ever return to this place. We will spend our dollar elsewhere and would suggest the same to you.