We booked this hotel over New Year's 2010 and stayed there for two days, mainly for my wife and me to have some quiet time together. We looked at a number of hotels within a pricerange of $300/night, but since we did not have many expecations other than getting a nice quiet room, we thought that the Arizona Grand offered a reasonably priced alternative. Unfortunately, the only welcoming thing about the hotel is the lobby. There is a nice seating area outside with gas-lit firepits which seemed very warm and welcoming. Also, the villas which are visible from the lobby area seemed very open and had a nice view away from all the concrete that surrounds the hotel, so we had great expecations. To our surprise, the first room we were offered within the Sedona complex was facing a parking lot and the noise from the hotel traffic was audible from the bedroom. All rooms were described as quiet by the reception staff, but the room that was offered to us certainly wasn't. We called the hotel front desk again, described what we wanted, and were moved to a different room in the same complex which still faced a lot of concrete walls, but at least was quiet. Both rooms in the Sedona complex had low ceilings, and it was difficult to get there. There are no elevators, so the only access is through stairs. The courtyard view is not really a view; all rooms essentially face the many stairs and walkways and people who are walking by essentially can look into the living room. For that reason, the blinds need to be closed when you want privacy, which also means that you need artificial lighting all day. However, the bedrooms were nicely done and the bathrooms were very clean. The biggest issue we have with the hotel which we complained about was in the end price. We have stayed and are able to afford higher prices, but then our expecations are much greater. In this case, the hotel was offered to us on the phone for $130 plus a $100 credit to be spend at the local restaurants. My wife called twice to make sure that we really understood what was offered to us. We thought this to be an adequate price for a hotel of that quality and location. However, in the end we were presented with a hotel bill of $610 for two nights. It turned out that the rooms were actually $199 plus tax plus $30/day resort access fee, which came out to close to $250. Even worse, when we ordered room service for breakfast, it was expensive to begin with, but when a 23% service charge is added automatically plus a $3 delivery charge, a generous breakfast for two people ends up costing $60. I don't think I ever paid as much for a roomservice breakfast, not even in the nicest downtown hotels in San Francisco or Boston. Since we originally thought the $130/night was very reasonable, I did not have a problem paying overpriced hotel restaurant food. A $14 Tuna tartare would - if generously portioned - not be a reason for a complaint at all, but when it essentially is a tiny amount in a plate that is only crushed ice, it gets a little ridiculous. All in all, I would not recommend this hotel, mainly from a perspective of price/value and the outragously high hidden charges. At a lower pricepoint, I think this place could be a good alternative.