I stayed at the resort from April 25th-27th. First, the good... The room was very clean and had all the items you would want. The actual mattress...extremely comfortable!!! Aunt Chilada's Mexican Restaurant....Muy Bueno! Everything we had there was great and our waiter, Thomas, was fantastic. The Oasis Water Park is clean, well staffed and a fun way to spend the day. There are flags on the back of the lounge chairs that when you want something to drink or eat...you just raise the flag and they'll come running. They were very quick to arrive and very polite. Bring some $$$ though, It can get pricey quick. Think movie concession prices. Caring and helpful staff. I had several complaints, and they addressed them the best they could and were always professional and sympathetic. Now the bad...(in my opinion) There are a lot of kids at this resort. A lot. Noise is a HUGE factor. This may sound weird...but they have the worlds most crunchiest sheets I've ever felt. It was like sleeping under a newspaper. Thank goodness, the bed itself was so comfortable. the pillows are down and they look so nice and fluffy on the bed, but after a minute, its like wearing feather ear-muffs, with the feathers disbursed to each side of your head and your neck on a pancake thin layer of feathers. If you can...bring your pillow from home. The Phantom Horse breakfast buffet...runny eggs and barely cooked sausage...however, in fairness, you can order alacart off the menu and the people who I saw did that, their food looked pretty good. The restuarant has nice atmosphere and great views. The patio would be a great place to eat at sunset. Did i mention how many kids there are at his resort? How they like to run up and down the corridors? Oh, i did? Ok...sorry. Needless to say, my initial stay at the resort was anything but peaceful and restful. It would be nice if the resort had at least one of their buildings designated as "adults only" for those who are looking for a more relaxed atmosphere. I contacted the General Manager, Paul Gray after my stay to discuss my disappointing weekend at the Grand. He not only listened to my concerns and disappointments. He was very quick to offer a solution and sincerely sounded like he wanted to make right anything that didn't go right the first time. I think that type of personal customer service is rare and because of his follow-up, I'd even give the Grand another chance to impress. Anyone who cares enough to follow-up and try to make things better, is probably someone who cares that you were there in the first place! So, my first stay...not so good, but I'm encouraged, the next time will be better. I'll keep you posted. :O) KW