The Inn's location is convenient and the excellent staff are friendly and helpful. We spent three nights in the Beach House room, which was relatively secluded and devoid of outside noise. Getting to the Beach House required a walk through a narrow "canyon" between two buildings whose sides are heavily covered with undisguised pipes (for water, gas, etc.). The path continued through a narrow, cluttered courtyard. We noticed that some of the planters still had price stickers still on them. The Beach House room door had frosted glass inserts that were worn in places, potentially enabling outsiders to look all around the room. We tore off pieces of paper and stuck them in the window frames for greater privacy. The room itself was decorated in a mostly tropical theme and there was a mural on one wall. The room also contained a small LCD TV (we could not get any of the HD channels), three fake trees (the one by the bed looked like it was made from an old Christmas tree), an air purifier, and a mini-fridge. Both appliances made a noticeable hum that eventually became distracting. The window fan/heater/AC unit was very noisy and the controls were hard to reach. There are mini-blinds and curtains on the windows. The blinds and sheers close but the opaque curtains do not. That could be a problem for folks who require greater darkness for sleep. There is abundant light for reading, but the two wicker chaise lounges have slippery cushions on them. As for cleanliness, the room was immaculate except for a silverfish crawling across the bedspread (ugh!), some well-worn brochures on the bureau, and a sponge left on the bathroom floor. Speaking of the bathroom, it is spacious, contains lots of mirrors and plush towels, and features a jacuzzi with a mirrored, faux-candle-lit surround. Directions for the jacuzzi are too brief and confusing to be helpful. (A desk clerk was unable to decipher them.) The shower stall is roomy but hot water can be slow in coming. The amenities include body lotion that smells very strongly of peppermint. There are dozens of gaudy, artsys-craftsy fish hanging from the ceiling. We thought they might look cute in a child's room. Skip the unimpressive continental breakfast (the Inn's only room service) and head over to Richard Walker's Pancake House, which is open for lunch as well. The food, service, and ambiance are all top-notch and worth a wait.