We stayed in a 1BR suite at the Balboa Park Inn one Friday evening in May '06 after a week's stay in San Diego. When our other hotel couldn't accommodate the last day of our stay, I chose this hotel because of it's #1 ranking on the Trip Advisor website, but I was somewhat disappointed with it overall. (We probably had been spoiled by having such a nice suite at the Glorietta Bay Hotel in Coronado - for not much more than the $189/night that we paid for this room). While the staff was nice enough at check in, I thought it was kind of strange that if you wanted to have a hair dryer, iron or ironing board, they 'lent' them to you upon check-in and asked that you take them to your room (were they afraid you might steal them, or could they not afford to provide one in each room? What's next the coffeemaker?) Overall the buildings and our room in particular left a lot to be desired. This hotel is made up of several older homes. The bougainvillea climbing flowers were beautiful in the courtyards, but our room was on the second floor in a building down the street. We were all tired after a long day of sightseeing and weren't impressed when we unexpectedly had to lug all of our suitcases up the carpeted steps by ourselves. The room was awkwardly laid out with a bedroom in what would have been a dining room and a sofa bed in the kitchen. While everything seemed to be clean, the room was hot and muggy. Fortunately, there was a security screen door off the public bedroom (i.e., dining room) that we could lock, but leave open to help the place cool off while we were at dinner. Note, there are no restaurants nearby this hotel, so you must drive to another area to get something to eat. The beds and bathroom were fine, but not as nice as we had hoped for from a #1 ranked hotel. In the morning, I got a little frustrated because we couldn't use the coffee maker and the microwave oven (I like hot milk with my coffee) at the same time without tripping the circuit breaker. We had no problem calling down for breakfast and it was nice that they delivered it to our room. Breakfast was ample and delicious (we opted for fruit cup and pastries), but we thought that since our "family sized" room rented for four people and we had 3 adults and a child, they should have given us 4 breakfasts, not just three (it's not like they gave us a discount because we had a child and only 3 adults). We ate outside on the large upstairs deck and enjoyed the beautiful San Diego weather. While there were plenty of chairs, the deck was a bit run down and could use some attention. And, seeing the rats nest of electrical wires that were overhead and going into the buildings, I could understand why the breakers kept tripping. Upon check-out, after multiple trips up and down the stairs to get all our suitcases back to our rental and returning the hair dryer to the front desk, the desk clerk said he wasn't surprised by our microwave/coffee pot electrical problem, stating that these old homes were built in the 1930's and all had a lot of wiring issues.