The Crystal Pier is in the Pacific Beach section of San Diego. If I remember correctly, this is one of five beach communities north of the center city. It seems that locals refer to all five by their initials, so PB it is. I am from the East Coast, and to me PB looks like any other family oriented, especially teen-centric, beach town -- lots of sun and fun apparel shops, temporary tattoo parlors, fast food (including a Denny's), and loud music. My husband and I became Empty Nesters' earlier this month, and took off on a two week trip to the West Coast. I discovered The Crystal Pier Hotel on TripAdvisor.com -- though at the time it was rated as the #1 B&B, not as a hotel. I booked it for two nights (the minimum at this time of year) and we drove over from Palm Springs, where we spent a wonderful week at The Chase Hotel. I don't know if it was because we were coming from such a down-to-earth, non-touristy place like The Chase, or whatever... but I knew at first sight that I had made a mistake. The Crystal Pier is for the tourist that knows no better. I am embarrassed to admit that I am one of these. Though, perhaps, there are people that are willing to pay top dollar to stay in economy accommodations in a miniature "cottage" on an ocean pier where one can watch the local surfers brave the smallish waves? We were in Cottage #8, maybe a third of the way out on the pier. Each cottage has one parking space parallel to their cottage, and the cottage is not much wider than the car you will park there. Bring a small vehicle, because turning around to head out requires tight turning. Our cottage was a one-bedroom. You enter the cottage into the kitchen/common room. The bedroom was off to the right, the size of its queen size bed with barely walking distance around the bed. There was a sliding door from this bedroom into the bathroom (shower only, no tub), and from the bathroom a door back into the kitchen/common room -- a small, rather well equipped kitchen, half/round table with chairs, TV (only TV) and futon (I could not figure out how to flatten it). The kitchen/common room opened onto a small deck that had a table and chairs, and chaises -- and was butt-to-butt with decks on either side, and may have shared a common walkway from one pier end to the other. But you can sit and sip and enjoy the view of the beach and surfers below. The general condition of the cottage was "worn" -- outdated in all respects. However, it looked like the Crystal Pier was fully booked, so I was not the only sucker? Or, maybe I am not the typical tourist, and others will find The Crystal Pier more appealing. Highlights: Maria was our attentive housekeeper, and Randy at the front desk called me minutes after we left to tell me I had left behind a jacket. While I was at the front desk checking out, I think it was the owner (or manager?) that came in with his elderly dog in a walking-sling, very touching. (Though at The Chase Hotel, I spent some time every morning at breakfast with Chase, the owner's dog he adopted as a stray.) FYI: The Crystal Pier Hotel is a "gated" community. You are given a key that opens the gate to bring through a car, or to open the walk-in gate after 8:pm. Bottom line: Just like all others, I fell in love with SD, but next trip I will not stay at the CP - in fact, I will not stay in PB or any other of the beaches. To experience the city, one must stay in the city. Yes?