The Good: Location, location, location. Lovely small hotel overlooking the ocean. Staff we encountered were friendly and tried to be helpful. Rooms were well-appointed and bath amenties were of good quality. The Bad: FIRST ROOM had a used bar of soap in the shower and the AC did not work. Our room temp wouldn't go lower than 77 degrees. Returned mid-afternoon after housekeeping "cleaned" our room. The mirror had dried spatters on it (it wasn't dirty when we left the room) dirty glasses were replaced on the tray, and the iron and ironing board were left in the middle of the room (I put it in the corner when we left that morning). When I went to wash my hands I noticed that the "clean" hand towel was damp like someone dried their hands on it. Note: all towels were used by us and piled into the corner next to the tub. Went to use a robe and untied it only to find a long black hair inside the robe. This robe was not tied as neatly as the other one so I suspect housekeeping replaced a "used" robe on the hook. The Night Manager moved us to our SECOND ROOM because the AC was going to take a couple of days to fix. This room was the largest suite they had but we were told we could only stay for 1 night because it was booked the next day. Both balconies were very slippery like someone waxed the slate floor - wierd. This wasn't the case on our first room's balcony. My husband used the jacuzzi tub and the drain plug wouldn't come up so we had to pry it open with a knife. This huge and expensive room did not have a closet! There was 1 armoir with a rod but it was about 10 inches too short so our slacks and dresses. crumpled at the bottom. The manager seemed shocked at this revelation Our THIRD ROOM was mercifully free from any obvious issues but it was smaller than the room I originally booked but we were so tired of all the problems we just let it go. Kyla (sp?), the evening manager did everything she could to make-up for the myriad of problems and refunded (we paid in advance to get a special rate) a good portion of our payment. Her helpful attitude made an otherwise very disappointing and stressful stay a manageable one.