Booked this hotel because of good reviews on this site and expedia. Spent the time to call and book from Canada. Told the front desk we were travelling with friends with children and our child and would like rooms close by. Rooms were not ready when we got there.Also were on different floors. Had asked for 2 beds. Got a room with one bed and a pull out couch. For some strange reason the carpets had been cleaned were VERY wet and a noisy utility fan was running on the floor. To dry it out I guess. The room smelled like a hockey bag. Back to the front desk I went. I should also mention that at check in, the man at the front desk assured me I would be "So happy with our room as the managers had just done a walk through". VERY insincere. Back at the desk the man tells me there aren't any other rooms. So weary were we from travelling and with kids that just wanted to go swimming, we begrudgingly accepted the room (at $400 for that night; our one night in San Diego). That night we tried to sleep...all 3 of us in one bed because the pull out was hard as a rock. We could not open the sliding door to air out the smell of wet dirty socks because we were on the ground floor and were worried about someone breaking into our room in the night. I wrote a letter to the management at about midnight or 1 AM because I couldn't believe how ripped off I felt. It's really too bad that we weren't offered a different room or to even pay for an upgrade. Which we would of accepted. It is a nice little hotel, right on the beach. The boardwalk is right there. The pool is very small. but nice. I'm sure that if our room would have been what we had been expecting we would have been happy. I just couldn't sleep wondering what had happened in that room to make them clean the carpets??? The carpets had not been cleaned in our friends room...so it wasn't like they had done the whole building. (You know that creepy crawly feeling) I'm not sure if I will ever get the chance to go back to San Diego, but I would like to. It is a beautiful city. I would not stay at this hotel again. I feel I was lied to. I would like to note that I was contacted by management after my return home and was credited part of my payment. Unfortunately I expect that at a Hotel of this caliber, the problem should have been dealt with properly and honestly, from the begining.