We have just returned from a trip to the Pacific Terrace Hotel. I had booked the hotel as the reviews were positive and it described itself as luxury. We were disappointed as it is certainly not luxury. On the positive side the staff were friendly and helpful and the location in terms of access to a wonderful beach great. However, there were a number of factors that seriously detract from the experience. Probably the major one is the very poor Continental breakfast. It is described in their in-room video as Gourmet; it certainly was not. A luxury hotel does not serve up a selection of pastries and packets of cereals in a school tuck-shop setting using cheap plastic cups and plates, surrounded by flies and expect to call that a luxurious experience. The lack of dining facilities, or indeed what appeared to be any form of cooking facilities, meant that we dined out each evening. The local area is really geared toward the younger generation, i.e. teens/early twenties and not forty-two with a wife and two children. Hence, the dining alternatives tended to be Grilles attached to Bars and were not really suitable for a family. Note that the area was not threatening, its just that the options were not really places you would take your family. The next aspect was the bathroom. In fact the shower (above a small bath) and toilet were in an en-suite that is best described as being close to a downstairs utility room. It was not a luxurious bathing experience. I have noticed in the photos posted by other reviewers that other bathrooms looked larger. We stayed in a Partial Ocean View room; maybe other types of rooms are better. We also had problems with our air conditioning, it worked very rarely and the room window could not be locked. Also, the in-room safe was small, so that you couldnt fit in anything bigger than a mid-sized camera. Although the furniture was OK, the general appearance of the hotel was of being in need of a renovation, for example, the carpets were dated and the balcony floor covering was pealing. We didnt use the pool, as we preferred the beach. However, it did not look particularly inviting and there was no pool-side bar, as far as I could gather. Would I stay there again. Probably not. The prices charged do not justify what is offered