We stayed at the Surfer recently and were not impressed. My husband and I are pretty laid back people so we're not that hard to please. We chose this hotel because of the reviews on this site. Initially we had a room on the fourth floor with a nice view. One big problem is with the balconies...there is no divider between the rooms so it's like one big open deck with no privacy. We had many people walking past our sliding door because they wanted to see the view at the end. If you want any light in the room in the daytime you need to have the curtain open, so people were able to peer in as they walked by. Also, there is no air conditioning so it gets fairly hot in the rooms. At night we would open our door to get some air in and leave the screen door closed. Well one night around midnight we were watching tv in bed and I heard our screen door open (it had no lock) as a big hairy arm reached into our room to push the curtain aside. I screamed and my husband jumped up to see who was coming into our room. A man was walking along the balconies and must have "misplaced" his room and muttered "oops, wrong room". Nice consolation for having my heart jump out of my chest! The rooms themselves are quite nice and the beds are comfortable. Although we had a king suite, it isn't all that large, and the bathrooms have absolutely no counter space. There were hairs on almost all our towels, but everything else seemed clean enough....that is until we noticed some kind of bedbugs in our room. We asked to be moved immediately, so with no apology and rude staff, we ended up with a room on the second floor (with barely any view) because the hotel was busy. The next morning we were awoken at 7am sharp with the sound of jackhammers underneath us. They were renovating the first floor...this went on every morning for the rest of our trip. All we were looking for was an apology, but the staff was ignorant and nobody addressed any of our concerns. Needless to say, we won't be staying there again.