I'd say the best part of this hotel are 1) its beds, which are incredibly comfortable and 2) its location, so if that's all you care about, then you're golden. We were in the midst of everything and a few blocks from Union Square, which makes it incredibly convenient. Fortunately, because we were only in San Fran for a few days, we were only in our hotel to sleep. Aside from Diva's location, the concierge, David, was wonderful. He had quite the personality and knew about reserving city tours, public transportation, etc. He was very helpful. However, the desk clerk, Christian, was incredibly snotty and quite "diva" like, which is ironic, considering our overall opinion on this hotel. After several delays at the airport, we were quite weary when we arrived, and he gave us a "Queen" room, despite having a print out of our reservation stating "King" accommodations. After requesting that we receive our original reservation, he acted as if he was doing us a favor by switching rooms, which was ridiculous. As many have mentioned, it's an older hotel which recently underwent a facelift. Unfortunately, the "diva" look can only take it so far. We had a "Deluxe" room, which was very small. Because of the size of the room, it was difficult to maneuver our luggage or to move around. The bathroom was tiny...no space to put toiletries, so we left everything out on the desk. The walls were thin, so you hear everything...the people creaking up and down the halls, others in bordering rooms, and doors opening and closing-all night long. Finally, they have a Diva "Boudoir", which includes two vending machines and an IKEA lounge. Seriously? More disappointing than anything was the cleanliness of the place. I'm not a high-maintenance person, but I expect to be provided with clean towels and sheets. Our "white" sheets were stained and dinghy looking. We requested to have them changed the following morning, and they were replaced with sheets that looked just as dirty. As for the bathroom towels, they were gray, stained and dirty-looking as well. Clearly these need replaced. Apparently, there is a suite area on the top floor of the Diva, so maybe the guests up there actually have cleaner linens? This place had a facelift a few years back, but it doesn't seem they've kept up with it. It certainly is anything but "Diva" like. It just wasn't up to par for the price. Had we not lost the money for our entire stay, we would have roomed elsewhere during our vacation. Quite disappointed.