After reading many reviews I finally decided that the Diva would be a good choice for our 1st trip to SF. Here is my honest opinion good and bad of the Diva. 1st off the sign for Hotel Diva just is a diamond shape mounted to the building that just says Diva on it. The strange thing is the sign isn't above their door so be aware when arriving. Staff was friendly. Room and linens were clean but the room was VERY small and smelled. I went out to Walgreens and purchased a Glade plug in which helped alot. I don't know why the hotel doesn't do something like this themselves. The buildings in this area are very old and smell of it, just be aware. To add to the smell the floors under the carpet must be wood because they creak. The person in the room above ours kept walking from one side of the room to the other every night during our stay for about 2 hours each night with the floor (our ceiling) creaking the entire time. Drove me nuts!!!! The decor- they call it Diva Sexy, I call it office furniture. The dresser was an old 2 drawer file cabinet with a wood top. I don't know about you but the last thing I want on my vacation is a reminder of work. Location is great for the BART, cable cars and all other MUNI transportation. If you are coming for shopping this is also the place for you as just 2 blocks away is Macy's, Tiffany's, Gucci etc. I wouldn't call the location shady but it is dirty. There are a few homeless (to be expected in a downtown city) but there are more people palm out just wanting money, they don't appear to be homeless this just seems to be their day job. Every morning when we left the hotel we were asked for money at least 3-4 times in a 2 block area. We did feel safe leaving the hotel and walking East, however our last day there we made the mistake of walking just 1 block West and down to catch a bus to go to outer areas and did not feel safe at all. Thank goodness we saw 3 police officers standing a block away and felt better about our situation we had walked into. Bottom line is we paid $180 for the Diva. I feel we did not get value for our money.