I would go somewhere else Hotel Milano looked great in photos. I simply love hotels that match. I even bought these little candle holders at Pier 1 because i knew theyd look great in the hotel room. well..i did like the decor. Very chic looking. However, there were some major problems. Right when my boyfriend and I walked though the door, a couple was getting loud at the front desk. They had reserved a specific room, and had just found out it wasnt the right one. Anyway, the front desk clerk took care of it. I got my own keys and headed to my room. On the second floor, i stepped out and found...stains on the floor. My boyfriend jokingly said it was blood...but who knows? it was gross. As we walked along i took in the floor..parts of it the rug were unwoven, snares in the rug. It badly needed to be replaced.  When i entered the room i was dissapointed. It was tiny! It was also one queen bed. I had ordered through Orbitz and it specifically said TWO queen beds, which would also make my room substanially bigger. I was very upset, having only stayed in a hotel by myself once before...i didnt want to deal with problems. I didnt really know how or where to start. I ended up crying. I called down to the front desk and they said there was nothing they could do about it. They were all booked up, and there were some problems, but that I should talk to the manager tomorrow morning and they could switch me rooms. I was very angry, when you reserve something, you expect to have it, especially when you are paying for it. I figured that the hotel couldnt do that...if you reserve a specific thing...you are suppose to get it. So i called Orbitz and the lady was very helpful. She talked to the front desk clerks for me. When she called me back she said they werent suppose to do that, and that they had said they couldnt do anything, but for our inconvenience they would give us a discount, and move us the next morning, when i came down to talk to the manger. I sighed in frustration but went and had fun that night. However, in the morning i had to wake up early to switch rooms...so i couldnt even sleep in on my vacation!!!!! The new room they gave me was much better. It was on the fifth floor...and the rug wasnt stained or unwoven. The room was very large.  The discount they gave me was only 20 dollars though, and i felt that it wasnt a good enough discount for the things i endured.  The hotel is nicely located...just around the corner from a shopping center, virgin records and the metreom theatres. One of the reasons i chose it, however, they seem to have a pattern (from other reviewers and my own opinion) of screwing things up. There was a hispanic woman...i think...with an accent who was very rude to me. She treated me like i didnt deserve to be there, and that if i had a problem, it wasnt her problem. However, there was a very young Black guy, dont know his name who was so very nice. He gave us some idea of how to get to the SF zoo and beach...and gave us a map. So...in conclusion the Hotel Milano isnt all bad...and if things ran more smoothy it would be a pretty great hotel. its up to you to take the chance......