Decent Location... had some problems. Never have I had such a love/hate feeling about a hotel as I do with Hotel Milano. Let me start off by listing the good things.It's right across the street from BART and the cable car turnaround. If you don't have a car and don't know the transportation system well, all you have to do is get a map and learn the neighborhood a little and soon you will feel comfortable. There are tons of pan handlers and they often scream into the air, but they did not bother me at all. You may not want to be around that area if you have kids and they're not used to street folk.The decor in Hotel Milano is very nice. The bathroom toiletries are nice smelling. The bathrooms have those red hot lights bulbs in the ceiling that heat up the room, and the hot water is hot right away. Very nice and clean bathroom.The restaurant staff were extremely friendly, helpful and attentive, even when serving their continental breakfast which was included with my room rate.The AC in my room worked well, and the TV was small but it had a remote control..The man who checked me out gave me some of his own personal heacache medicine for my hangover... and was very nice and helpful as I checked out. He asked me if I remembered to grab my cell phone charger, and asked if I needed transportation to Oakland airport, and gave me props when I told him I was taking BART.THE BADThere was a leak from the ceiling in my bathroom my first night. I called the front desk and they came up a few minutes later. By then the water was no longer dripping out of the ceiling. I have to admit, I was very snotty to the poor guy but I was sleeping and after a long day of traveling and being on NY time, I was a little annoyed. They said they could move me to another room, to which I said OK. I asked if they could put me in a bigger room away from the construction. I guess asking for the upgrade made them think perhaps there really wasn't a leak in the bathroom but that I made it up to get a better room? Cause they went back in the bathroom and when they came out, they told me, There is NO leak in the bathroom. Anyway, they did move me to a bigger room (smaller bathroom) away from the construction and the bathroom never leaked.BUT... the next day after running around trying to cram as many touristy things as possible in one afternoon, I get back to my new room and the card wouldn't open the door. I had to go back down to the front desk with all my stuff and tell them to reactivate the room card. That was a little annoying but really, no biggie. But, somewhat of an inconvenience. Bad management, or perhaps they were getting even with me for the nasty attitude I gave them the night before (about the bathroom leak).The woman who cleaned the rooms on my hall said she was going to come in and empty my trash (I was only there 3 nights and hung the do not disturb sign cause I didn't really need any cleaning or anything). So I said OK, you can come in while I am gone and clean up a little if you'd like. That was at 10am. I got back to the room at 3pm and noticed it hadn't been cleaned. I didn't care. I proceded to take off all my clothes to slip into some comfy PJs to lay down before my big night out barhopping with an old friend. I'm standing there, buck naked, when all of a sudden someone is opening the door to my room. I screamed out, Hello?? and grabbed some newspapers to cover myself up. It was the cleaning woman. She said, OH I AM SORRY I didn't have time to clean your room, I was going to clean it now. Well, HOW ABOUT KNOCKING?! I mean, it was 5 hours since she told me she was going to clean. I really thought that was a totally inappropriate thing to have happen. I didn't bother telling the management because, well, I felt like they already hated me because of the leaky bathroom situation. I mean, they didn't even think to activate the new key card for my full stay!There was no safe in the second room and the safe in the first room was broken.The door on the second room did not shut itself. It got caught up on the lock inside the door. So, when yer leaving your room, make sure you slam the door shut before you walk away.So, Hotel Milano has potential, but a lot of things went wrong. This is not a hotel for someone who is looking for the very best service or amenities. I think they should start reporganizing where they have the guests staying. I mean, there is no reason to put people in the tiny room by the construction if there are bigger/quieter rooms available! And, don't tell your guest that there is not a leak in the bathroom when there is one! Hotel Milano could be excellent, if some changes are made.