Mansion is far fetched.... My Husband and I stayed at the Archbishop's Mansion for 4 days on the second leg of our honeymoon. The Mansion itself, was very beautiful. The parlor area was nice, as was the dinning area and staircase. However, the rooms were not exceptional, especially for the price. First of all, the staff was very nice, very helpful for the most part. They seemed to take a genuine interest in what you had planned for the day/evening and if they could be of any help. And, especially if you are not from that area, make sure you ask THEM for directions and do not rely on YOUR map skills!!!The rooms were nice, but not exceptional. They, of course, were decorated in period antiques, however, I did not expect the bed to be part of the period antiques. You could probably get a better nights sleep on the floor, rather than these beds!!!! I prefer a softer bed, my husband prefers a firmer bed, either way, we had back problems from sleeping in these beds. They were too harsh for either of us!! I agree with other reviews in that the rooms needed updated. Not updated to the point you lose the feel of the Mansion, but updated to the point where wallpaper is not falling off the walls and the ceilings have been FULLY repaired.As far as the breakfast in bed, the first day it was nice, by the fourth, we were screaming for anything else, but the breakfast. Be prepared, the menu does not change from day to day. Room service consists of granola, somewhat fresh fruit, warm milk, strong coffee (even if you order the light roast), Yoplait yogurt (strawberry flavor only), store bought croissants, dry toast, etc. etc. Personally, I'm thinking, ok, a Mansion, well if we have ice for their wine, then surely they have kitchen facilities to cook?? Apparently this is not so. And don't always count on your order being correct, even if you did place it the night before!!Wine and cheese receptions were nice, but apparently, my husband and I were not the type of clientele they had in mind. WE were visiting San Fran for our honeymoon, I believe the other guests staying there were there for a nice little place to stop in and sleep and drop $250 for the room. In other words, seemed to me, most of the clientele were a little pretentious and snobbish.The area of town was not so great. I didn't feel comfortable at all in the area. I'm not sure if it was the weather (it rained the whole time), the Mansion, the side of town, what we were expecting, who knows? But we did not have that great of a time in San Fran. Like I said, it was nice, but I would not go back to the Mansion to stay again. I suppose we would have been alot happier closer to the action, especially considering we were there for four days. I'm willing to give San Francisco another try, but not the Archbishop's Mansion, especially at those prices. We had a lot better time, at a much more reasonable BB, where the menu did change, the wine and cheese receptions were longer and a lot more laid back in Santa Cruz!!!Overall, if I had to give this place a grade I would give it a C-.