Great location, BUT....... You know how you go into a restaurant that is empty and you get the worst table? Well, this is it! We checked in on a Thursday and were given a room that has a short narrow hallway...about 30 wide and dead ends at a V with our room on the left and another room on the right. The doors start out less than 2 feet apart from the V on one end and end about 30 on the other. There was particle board on the floor the evening of our arrival. My husband mentioned that there is construction going on, but it appeared to me that they were moving things around. Well, I was wrong. We left our room at about 9am the next morning. There was sanding in the hallway completely around the elevator and stairs. We literally had to walk through an area that was draped with plastic with drywall mud dust throughout the air just to get to the stairs or elevator. These rooms should not have been offered for use. I asked if we could change rooms and, of course, the only thing that was available was directly above us where they were going to be working doing the same thing on the next floors. Evidently, only the crappy rooms in the front of the hotel have king beds, with a fire escape with broken windows that don't lock with all of the noise of the city down below throughout the night including construction noise from another hotel. There is one chair at a desk with no other available seating in the room. We like staying in the older hotels, but this is ridiculous! The closet is against the bathroom sink and smells of mold and mildew. The door on the bathroom does not stay closed unless you use the lock. (how hard is it to fix the latch?) The windows not only don't lock, but they don't stay open to get fresh air into the room to drown out the mold and mildew smell when the closet door is open to prevent the clothes from smelling. My clothes are now hung on the TV wall mount so that I can wear them without smelling like I left them in a dryer damp for a week. IF YOU ARE SENSITIVE TO MOLD AND MILDEW, DON'T STAY HERE! The good things are that the place is very clean, the staff is very nice, it's a great location but there are much better places to stay in this wonderful city that are much more comfortable, have better air quality and a place for more than one person to sit. We are not in the room all that much, but it's not a comfortable place even for a short time.