Nothing to 'wright' home about... The Cartwright is lauded by many as a great little boutique hotel...and, I admit, it was definitely unique with thoughtful little touches here and there. However, there were a few problems with the Cartwright...Such as the lack of space! The reviews describe the rooms as small...they really aren't just small, they're MICRO! We stayed in a standard room, which was the size of a queen bed with three feet of space around it. There was only one nightstand squeezed into that room, and the refrigerator was housed in a corner of the closet. The bathroom was so tiny that you could sit on the toilet and use the sink at the same time. Also, the furniture was cheap and old! There is a big difference between antiques, which many use to describe the furnishings, and old, which is what they really are. The furniture is small and cheap...not a big problem if you won't be using it, but don't be expecting a room full of beautiful Victorian furniture or anything.The bed was very, very soft, which some may like. I, however, couldn't sleep on that mattress! It offered no back support at all and jiggled with every single movement. It was like sleeping on a block of gelatin. The room has no air conditioning, so if you like to have a very cool room, that might be a problem. Cracking open the window for some fresh, cool air is great if you can endure the noise from the street - and, yes, it is VERY noisy. The cable car and its bells, the screech of braking cars and the sirens of ambulances and police cars are very loud at all hours of the day and night. If you're a light sleeper, that might be a problem for you.Also, this hotel definitely shows its age. You can see the places where a crack in the sink was mended, where bathroom tiles were replaces, etc. Although clean, our rooms were definitely old.Of course, the Cartwright redeems itself with some nice touches. The continental breakfast buffet is above average, with a selection of breads, cereal, oatmeal, Costco muffins and danishes, Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt and waffles. It's not a GREAT breakfast, but it's satisfying. They promptly start cleaning up at 9 a.m. on weekdays, so be sure to be on time. Also, you make your own waffles and microwave your own breakfast sandwiches, so there might be a wait to use the equipment. (Tip: grab a muffin or apple and pack it for a snack later on in the day.)The Aveda bath products were also a nice touch. Toiletries, such as toothbrushes, razors, sewing kits, etc. are available if you forget yours. The afternoon cookies and wine hour are touted as major bonuses, but they're not anything special. The cookies are tiny, quarter-size cookies that are baked in a microwave and left in a dark corner of the library. They go quickly, so get them while they're still there. The wine is actually a cart of Charles Shaw that they wheel out, and you can choose between the merlot or the chardonnay. Don't plan your day around the wine hour, as you can easily buy a $2 bottle of wine and drink it at your own leisure.The location was ideal - the hotel is just steps away from the cable car and Union Square. There are also lots of restaurants and a Walgreen's around for your convenience. Uncle Vito's is a great Italian/pizza place that's not too expensive, while the Tempura House is a decent Japanese restaurant.So, overall, stay at the Cartwright for a nice 1-2 night visit. You'll enjoy the location and perks that they offer. Think twice about staying any longer than that, as the lack of space and comfort might get to you. I enjoyed my stay there while it lasted, but was definitely very happy to leave.