Kind of weird place My 81 year old father in law recommended this property...believe it or not! I wonder if he really stayed here or just had a drink in the bar area. Everything in the lobby, bar, restaurant areas was top notch. It was really beautiful. Kind of clubby with dark wood colors. Warm fireplace in the lobby area. It was really beautiful. The doormen and check in staff were polite and very efficient. We were so excited to see our room. WOW! What a disappointment! It was really small and decorated with a sleigh bed, which was very comfortable. Down bedding, etc. But the furnishings were kind of like an IKEA blow out sale. My husband and I decided that they must have spent all their money on the lobby and common areas and ran out by the time it came to outfit the rooms. The bedside tables were bright orange lucite and scratched up. Burn holes were in the carpet. The desk was a cheap thing with the legs painted orange. Small armoire held a small TV. The room color was purple. So purple and orange was the color scheme. My husband said the bathroom resembled a mens room in an airport. Very odd for this level of hotel. Marbel walls were stained and dingy. Bath tub was small and had dried paint in the bottom. The toiltries were nice but it was all so tacky. We looked out our window and found a foil wrapper from a condom lying just outside our window and lots of cigarette butts. We were in room 227 and the room looks out over a sort of roof top where there must be some action happening when we weren't looking! They have tea candles at the bedside and mirrors surround the bed. The location of the hotel was wonderful in Union Square. Starbucks was just across the street so we got coffee their rather than pay 22.00 for coffee by room service. No in room coffee or ice or really anything. Just weird how such a nice outside could have such an ugly inside.....just like some people I guess. They really missed the mark of sprucing up the rooms a bit and having a top notch facility. It could be one with just a little work!