All fur and no knickers For the final leg of our honeymoon we decided to stay at The Clift in San Francisco. We expected a chi-chi designer hotel and certainly from the lobby/reception areas it is impressive (also very very dark). On arrival the receptionist was precise and quick, less hospitable than the other hotels we'd stayed at for sure.We got to our room and saw what we expected. Small city centre hotel with a tiny bathroom. However what did make us slightly sad was the tiredness of the room. It certainly has not been touched since its conversation by Starck and Shrager. Minimalist to the letter, there were no frills associated with any other 5* hotel. Everything had to be paid for. The TV was a let down (sad I know to have to comment on this). It was an old school Philips 20inch TV - probably the same age as the hotel. Most good quality hotels - particularly those who consider themselves 5* and boutique would have had a plasma and not a 'box' in a console (also containing the mini-bar).The bathroom was obviously the original from the Clift but I can accept that although the chic bowl and stand table didn't fit with the vintage bath, tiles and toilet fixtures. Seems to me to be a lot of laziness in terms of trying to finish the job off.Linens were soft and comfortable but the towels were appalling. Pulled threads and worn out in places. Not what you would expect.Staff were reasonably polite and helpful (although it wasn't clear who was operating the concierge but then I didn't ask at first).Asia de Cuba was a success, although we were informed that portions were large and were recommended to choose just one appetiser and one entree. Not a problem if you both eat meat/fish but if you don't then the meat eater could get left out. Best bet is to order 2/3 appetisers instead. The carrot cake was amazing also but enough for 3 people!! Our meal including two glasses of wine each plus water and coffee is $168.00 which isn't that bad compared with UK prices. But choose wisely..The Redwood Room was avoided on Friday and Saturday due to the number of people in there (mainly external I believe). I think this is where the hotel lets its guests down, it doesn't provide a private residents bar which it should considering its status and price.Overall it was okay but not worth visiting again. I've stayed in hotels all over Europe and also the Bellagio and Loews. The Clift needs to revisit its guest experience in my opinion.