Disfunctional Design From halfway across the world we were seduced to select the Clift Hotel in San Francisco in which to spend our first night in the city,by its glamorous web site, promising a first rate designer environment and luxury. Tired after trans-Atlantic and trans-continental flights we fought our way through heavy glass doors, unaided by doormen, bellhops, or staff of any other description and entered a gloomy, cavernous interior. The trademark oversized chair, tusk-backed sofa, Perspex chairs and assorted leather furniture presented no coherent design aesthetic. Ironically, the Clift Hotel was one of the first hotels that popped up on a Google search for amily friendly hotels?in San Francisco.Our ten year old daughter, herself well traveled, described the hotel instantly as creepy. After checking in we were still offeredno assistance whatsoever with our luggage and had to manage our own way to our room in dark and gloomy lifts more suited to seedy night clubs than luxury hotels. As for the room, it appeared to have been decorated with bargain basement sales items in the nature of paints, carpets, curtains and wall hangings that would not otherwise have sold. Grey carpet met chintzy beige curtains, lilac, purple and white paints, beech furniture and fake and uncomfortable French period-style chairs. Copious mirrored walls were apparently meant to balance the unbalancable lot.The bathroom design was undoubtedly copied from 1970s state hospital bathroom designs. The bathroom space itself was large enough to have allowed an architect or interior designer with any talent to have come up with a comfortable and functional use of space. Instead, there is a low and small bath with no space for headrest, over embellished with large stainless steal protrusions and a poorly designed bath/shower apparatus. There should be no place for shower curtains in luxury hotels! The basin is tiny with no space for toiletries. If all this does not make for an uncomfortable bathing experience already, the fog horn style noise of what was either the plumbing or the exhaust fan was migraine inducing. The bathrobes, which are typically meant to be inviting to guests, were bound and knotted up, tight as mummies, so that one finally gave up the effort to put one on. Walls in the hotel are clearly porous and made of paper. We were woken at 3:00 AM by guests in a neighbouring room who carried on for more than an hour a normal but inane conversation, of which we could do no other but lie and listen to every single word.Staff in general were either absent or wholly disinterested in the hotel clients. We could not leave soon enough. If this hotel represents San Francisco design aspirations, aesthetic sense and hospitality, the city should be worried. We will gladly pay for beauty, comfort, efficiency and friendly service. We found none of these qualities at the Clift Hotel.