Clift: Great Bar and Ground Floor, But Improve Service Focus! This is a funky Boutique Hotel aimed at a younger (or young at heart) audience which appreciates the contemporary vibe. I am a frequent traveller and have stayed in St. Martin's Lane, the sister hotel in London.I was really excited about my stay at the Clift, and got a deal via travelzoo, booking on the hotel website for $244/night. Regular rooms were as low as $175 including breakfast.GOOD POINTSGreat location two minutes walk from Union Square, and very helpful Concierge. Lovely reception area decor. Superb Redwoom Room bar. In my room sheets were superb quality, air conditioning worked brillianty and housekeeping was efficient (if noisy in the morning). Spacious deluxe room (333) had two beds and plenty of bathroom space, albeit a 1970s low-style flat backed tub.LESS GOOD POINTSFIRST Check in experience was poor; new trainee was trying very hard and was professional, but should have had closer more dedicated supervision from his manager, and she was not able to dedicate enough time to supporting him, this meant he was made to look incompetent, which must have been unsettling to him and not ideal for me the customer either (it took nearly ten minutes to check me in on a simple reservation).He told us our room category was overbooked, and we were being upgraded to a larger room on a high floor. Yippee we thought. Then I noticed we were being checked into a standard room; when I brought this to his attention we were found the paid for Deluxe Room, but on the very low third floor.SECOND, the mattress support slats under the bed in my room had fallen out meaning the mattress was unsupported and uneven; I understand these things happen and when I raised it with the front desk when I realised the next morning after a poor night's sleep it was dealt with BUT the response was simply we'll deal with it rather than demonstrating concern that I may have had an uncomfortable night's sleep. I must stress I was NOT looking for any compensation here. But more of an apology/concern should have been demonstrated by the front desk person at a five star hotel. Maybe this is a cultural thing, but sorry goes a long way.This was a minor insignificant issue for me, but other may not have had the energy to check what the problem with the bed was (the mattress was heavy to lift up!) and a verbal apology should accompany any complaint.THIRD Housekeeping started asking if rooms were free at 0830am by knocking and announcing housekeeping loudly - surely a more efficient system could be established to avoid waking your many international guests who are on a different tmie zone, and a clearer encouragement to guests to use the Privacy Please door guards to avoid this unwanted noise?FOURTH noise from the street. This is an urban location, and frankly those who complain need to get over it. By the time the traffic gets going you should be out there enjoying the sights!FINALLY, my rate booked on the Morgans site included breakfast but this was not noted in my reservation and I only received this paid for benefit by having the foresight to print out the reservation at the time of booking and was made to present this to the frontdesk. Your reservation system needs to ensure all special offer benefits are noted in detail in the reservation. Same thing happened when I stayed in St Martins Lane so this is a systemic problem.I stay about 50 hotel nights a year for business and pleasure, and had a superb stay at St Martin's Lane earlier in the year, but my experience at the Clift was mixed, which was a disappointment, and most of these problems noted above are soft people skill or process change issues which should easily be fixed with management attention.I tried submitting this via the email link I was sent after my stay, but once I had filled out all the data, the site crashed when I submitted it - a great idea but again you need to follow up on the detail.I expect high standards from such a five star hotel, and my review is therefore somewhat picky, but I hope fair given the prices some people pay for rooms here.VERDICT: What would have been an awesome stay was made less so by poor management of trainees, a lack of empathy from the front desk, noisy housekeeping and problems with ensuring guest entitlements are captured when making the reservation online.