Not a 4 star We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Clift in a one bedroom suite. We had quite a few problems at the hotel. It started with the condition of the room, there were stains on the furniture, stains on the floor, paint chipped off the doorways and walls (the room looked beat up.) The whole hotel was beat up, it needed a lot of repairrs, everywhere you looked there was a stain. or paint missing or a dent, there was something wrong everywhere. The room was large but the furniture was extremely uncomfortable. The bathroom was the tiniest thing I've ever seen at a hotel. It was 1/2 the size of my powder bath at home. I read one persons review which stated that the Clift had the most comfortable bed they had ever slept on, and that influenced my decision on where to stay, let me tell you, the beds were the hardest!!!!! beds I've ever slept on in my life, one night I slept on the floor they were so bad. My husband and I did not get one goods night sleep there. OUr backs hurt for several days because of the awful beds. I told the receptionist upon check out about the horrible beds and she said she gets that complain a lot!!!! Luckily, we did not stay too long in the room because the decor was horrible, too much orange plexiglass(the coffee table, the dining table, the nightstands,  parts of the furniture were painted orange.)Also the Concierge(s) were the most unhelpful people ever. We were traveling with 2 small children and asked him which amusement park would be better for our young kids (Paramount or Great Adventure.) He said defitantely Great adventure. He called the park and told us they were closed that day. On our way to do something else, I told my husband I know the park is open b/c I researched it before we left so we called and Yes, the park was open, so we went and they had a couple of rides for the kids. 2 days later we decided to take them to Paramount, and wow this park was incredible for our aged kids, they could go on almost every ride by themselves, and this is the park the concierge did NOT recommend. Also, the Clift claims to be a kid friendly hotel, they do not have children's menus, we did not get popcorn and a toy the first night of arrival (as promised) and their stroller situation is a joke. They claim they rent strollers. Well, we tried to rent one and they had no idea what we were talking about, finally someone in housekeeping called us and said they have 1, don't know where it is, but will try to find out. About 1 1/2 hours later they called to tell us they found it but it had a flat. They eventually fixed it and I told them we needed 2 strollers and they said we only have 1 stroller to rent. Also, the concierge(s) had 3 places to recommend for dinner with kids, and every night they could not get us into the place the reommended!I was very disappointed with the hotel, it was just not upkept well and the furniture was the worst!!! I would never stay at the Clift again.