The "Old Clift" was much nicer We stayed at the Clift for three nights this summer (July 23 - 26, 2004). My wife and I had often stayed at the old Clift Hotel before it was taken over and renovated by the Ian Schrager group. The old Clift may have been showing its age, but it had spacious, elegantly furnished rooms in a convenient part of town. What a disappointment it was to see what has been done to this once great hotel ! We booked an Studio Jr. Suite which was described as an L shaped room. We quickly discovered that this was one of the former spacious rooms from the old Clift that we remembered so fondly, but it had been chopped up into two rooms ... creating a window-less bedroom area and very cramped sitting area. The decor makes abundant use of petroleum based synthetic materials (think plastic draperies, plastic night stands  tables, plastic covered furnitiure) and has most opposing walls covered floor to ceiling with tinted mirrors. The mirrors tend to give the room a subtle feeling of nausea and the hard bench type furniture was uncomfortable. The bedding was of good quality but they must have contracted with a lumber company for the mattresses. My wife was particularly disappointed in the bathroom. It was cramped, with barely enough room for one person to turn around. There was no counter space and even the tub was scaled down to fit in such a small space. The old Clift had spacious, well appointed, marble bathrooms.The lobby and public areas have very dim lighting, which seemed stylish and attractive at first, but then became annoying. The elevator compartment was so darkened you could not even see the person standing next to you.They have even ruined the famous Redwood Room Bar. All of the warmth and intimacy of the old Redwood Room is missing, replaced by garish lighting and hard, uninviting bench type seats. The hostess greeted us at entrace with Oh .. are you here to inquire about reservations?. Acutally, we just wanted a glass of wine before going to dinner, but after seeing what has been done to the ambiance, I was almost in tears.Unless you are attacted to dark spaces and synthetic materials, I would give this hotel a pass. We certainly will not be back.