If image is all that matters to you... Your first clue is the lack of signage. The Clift is far too trendy to identify its location by anything so common as a nameplate visible from the street.The valet parking staff is friendly, though, assuming you can find a place for your car on the crowded curb in front of the hotel. Plan on a hefty $40 per night for valet parking.Once inside, the clever theatricality of the lobby, dining room and bar make the efforts to arrive seem worthwhile. Check-in is efficient, if not exactly friendly or welcoming.A warning, though. If you get a room with a pass-through door to the room adjacent, immediately return to the front desk and ask for or pay for a room with solid walls. I did not and my neighbors stayed up all night long playing music and entertaining guests. Despite a call from the manager at 12:30 PM and a call from myself at 3 AM, the noise continued unabated till 4:30 AM, leaving me no recourse but to spend a very early morning in the lobby. Why the lobby? Well, the night staff informed me that while they were sorry, they could not give me another room until the morning manager arrived. Three hours later he did arrive and did give me another room. According to the bell staff, there were ample empty rooms. Apparently due to my group rate, the night staff wasn't authorized to give me another room. In effect, their rules were far more important than my comfort or inconvience. So...no sleep at all at this 4-star hotel the first night.The next night of my four-night stay, a friend and I decided to investigate the bar. The hostess condescended to find us a table and with a great deal of attitude announced that we might have one in a few minutes - depending on how long we were staying!We decided we weren't nearly important enough to enjoy the gloomy darkness and thumpa-wumpa music of the bar at the Clift, so we crossed the street and discovered the delightful Cafe Grand at the equally delightful Hotel Monaco. Evidently Kimpton hotels regard guests as valued friends and Schrager properties - like the ever-so-precious Clift - do not. Unless you share the attitude, of course, and enjoy trading superior glances with the staff.I'll give the Clift ample stars for design and poseur-power. But as a fine hotel...truly, they have a lot to learn about hospitality.