This is my second stay at the Encore and it is going downhill. We arrived the day of the Las Vegas marathon. The strip was closed to all traffic and we were trying to get to the Encore from the west. After trying several avenues, we called the hotel which gave us a route which was also closed. Finally, we asked a police officer manning one of the side street roadblocks who advised us to park in the mall and walk to the hotel (1/4 to 1/2 mile including the interior of the casino) as it would be another 6 hours before we could get across Las Vegas Boulevard. This was after trying for about an hour to drive 1/4 mile. Why doesn't a hotel that purports to be as classy as the Encore notify arriving guests to expect this problem and suggest ways around it or at least warn you? The first night of our stay I woke up at 5:30 am to the smell of something burning. I turned on the lights and looked all around and couldn't see smoke or pinpoint the source. I tried to go back to sleep but the smell got worse so I turned on the lights and looked again. I still couldn't pinpoint the source and my wife and I could no longer sleep so I called the front desk, explained I smelled something burning and was told someone would be right up. No one ever showed up. In retrospect I think the smell was caused by dust in the air ducts burning in a room that had not had the heat turned on in a while, especially since it didn't happen again but for the hotel to ignore a guest who smells something burning is inexplicable. I tried to get ice a couple of times over an hour and a half from the ice machine and it was either not working or empty so I called the front desk. A bucket of ice was promptly delivered which was in line with what I have experienced in the past from this hotel and it's sister the Wynn where I have also stayed. But for the remainder of our stay, there was no ice available and I didn't bother to call any more. On another day I was away from the room most of one day and returned about 4 pm. Our room had not been cleaned but someone had left a spray bottle of a cleaning liquid on an end table and thrown a couple of clean sheets over the bed. Puzzled, I walked out into the hallway, found a member of the hotel staff who promptly arranged to have the room made up. I asked them to wait a half hour so I could shower but the door bell rang twice, once before I could even get in the shower and again while I was in the shower. On one trip to the lobby our elevator acted erratically. We got in and pushed the lobby/casino button and nothing happened. I tried it several times and with no movement, I pushed the "open door" button and we got out. I waited a while and pushed the "call" button again and the same car opened. Reluctantly we entered and pushed the lobby/casino button. A maintenance man had joined us so we felt a little more comfortable. He asked us how our stay was and we said fine. He got off 2 floors lower and then the elevator went back up to our original floor where we got off and waited quite a while before pushing the elevator call button again. On subsequent trips I realized that one of the "lobby/casino" buttons was inoperative, resulting in nothing happening unless you pushed the other button. Except for ignoring our report of the smell of something burning, these are not huge issues but cumulatively I would expect more from a hotel that likes to make itself out as one of the best on the Las Vegas strip. Clearly these maintenance and other issues are not consistent with that status.