Great room package value...until the hidden costs. Arrived for a well earned three-day with my bride getaway (from the kids). We booked 9 months in advance...after we purchase Celine Dion tickets. We planned and saved and talked about our upcoming romantic adventure. We researched all the hotels because we wanted a great 'total experience package.' Bottom Line: We slept in a top hotel and the experience was cheap, unless we were to reach into our wallet. Everything at The Encore seemed to be after my hard-earned dollars. Even a drink of non-tasting water has to come from a bottle which set me back 400% over retail. I know this because my wife and I went across the street to fill her prescription and found the same exact same Fiji water. I felt like I burned my money for the hotels greed. Like I said, even a dime costs a quarter when you step foot inside the hotel. Even a normal cup of coffee costs $4. Cleverly, there is no coffee available in the room unless you go to the lobby or have it delivered. It is kind of like Disney, when you set foot in the park they got you...I did not want my experience to feel that way. It really is awful, but I understand it and it is in fact capitalism at its finest. That is why we learned to buy a couple bottles of water from across the street and bring them into the room. However, the hotel thought about that as well and keenly prevents the renter from using the hotels mini-fridge to keep the water cold. Now, I could have called housekeeping and coordinated somehow to have one delivered, and I am not sure but there probably would have been a charge for that as well. While the room was a value, everything else is just the opposite making the value non-existent, at best. My wife and I started our trip from Louisiana. We long-needed a romantic get away. We planned the trip after buying Celine tickets in August of last year...In other words, we have been looking forward to this trip for several months. Additionally, we bought Le Reve tickets upon our arrival in your lobby...When we checked in, we were convinced to purchase a room up-grade for a panoramic view of the strip from a higher floor. As we wanted our experience to be memorable, we were excited to see the night scene...only to get to our room and look out at the Circus Circus. I called down to the front desk and complain that our second-to-none view was of the back-side of the strip and that was not explained to us. It was explained that it was of the strip and if we wanted the other side it would cost additional. I said okay, well pay the additional...sorry sir, those rooms are full until tomorrow. Would you like a room there tomorrow? I made the room reservations several months in advance only to get this kind of service and commitment to excellence? I wonder how many would have said lets un-pack, re-pack, un-pack, and then re-pack for a two night stay? Not worth the hassle. Very poor explanations of the rooms views. We were also told from the desk personnel that the bass from the club would have shook the windows until 4am. This was not true, we talked with clients across the hall on the same floor in the elevator. Did you know that there is a pass you can get to by-pass a buffet line? We had no idea so we waited an hour. The facilities were beautiful, and great to explore however, the price of staying was only the tip of the iceberg. Our next visit will be somewhere else where I wont feel cheated. Because, you dont know what you dont know...