I had high expectations for this hotel, and was very disappointed. My husband had a conference at the hotel, so knowing it's reputation, I was looking forward to it. We spent a week at the hotel, which I know is a long time for Vegas, but between the few days we tacked on at the end, and his board meeting, we needed the time. The worst part was the extremely loud music, and the disco sound that lasted until the middle of the night. We were in the Tower Suites, on the 39th floor, which is only 1 floor below the 50th. There are no floors numbered 40-49 because apparently this is bad luck in Chinese. That section of rooms is above both the disco that they have at the Beach Club, and Surrender, one of their other discos. The suite itself is nice enough, but who designed this place didn't seem to know what they were doing. The "suite" is a very large room with 2 sections, with a rotating flat screen TV on the divider. The biggest problem is that the airconditioning is not sufficient to cool the bedroom area. If one person want to wake up earlier, or stay up later, than the other, there is no way to not hear the TV while in the bed. Also, their is neither an air conditioning vent or an exhaust in the bathroom. Thankfully it was not a very hot week, but still . . . . The Encore and Wynn are connected by an esplanade, so that allows convenient access to restaurants at both. Although one of the bars at the Encore serves coffee in the morning, other than a major sit-down breakfast, you have to go to the Wynn for a "starbucks" type of place. Other hotels have a variety of counter/cafe type locations for either breakfast or a snack during the day. That is lacking here. There noise level from the music is everywhere. It seems that what the Encore is looking to attract is the 20 somethings who frequent their discos. There is also a disco/nightclub called Xs that provides quite a show for those who are not used to seeing the type of people who go to these kind of things. My kids are this age, and now I know why my son loved spring break in Vegas last year. I had also hear raves about the spa. One day I decided to take a look at it to see whether it was worth the exorbitant cost of services. I found it very uninviting, and decided against it. On the plus side, the Encore is right across the street from the Fashion Mall, which has great shopping. I am a New Yorker, but don't have the time to shop, so this was a great.