We were here on a business/leisure trip. At check in, we upgraded our room the the largest suite for an additional $300 per night on top of the initial room rate. The room was very spacious and clean, but they really miss on the amenities. They represented that this room usually rented for $1,250.00 per night. It is in the Tower Suites. I noticed there was a hospitality suite with coffee, etc. I called to ask if we could use this and was told we could. Upon entering, we were told we could not, it was only for "invited guests" with a star on their room key. I am not sure who, if not people renting the largest room this hospitality is for. There is no in-room coffee, and you must get downstairs by 8:30am in order to use the benefit of your ONE cup of coffee. No extras, no refills. I inquired if we could have a coffee maker brought up and was told "no". I later saw a coffee maker on the maid cart for another room. We were supposed to get two daily papers, the first day I had to go downstairs and request the paper, after that we did get one. Their employees seem to not be very well informed regarding what their hotel does or does not provide. They are not very service oriented. We were supposed to get "priority seating" for restaurants, buffets, etc., but again, you needed the star on your key, which ours did not have. There are NO real additional amenities worth noticing, unless you drove your own car and I think you get special parking privileges. I am not sure what event was going on Wednesday night, but as others have mentioned the nightclub noise goes until 4am. I asked about relocating rooms to the other side of the hotel but was told none were available. I had trouble believing this as it was Easter week and many employees were commenting that occupancy was down. Perhaps the room we upgraded to was for repeat guests or those who have a membership of sorts. I felt like we were treated like the stepchild. We stayed at the Trump Waikiki in March, and it FAR exceeded our experience at the Encore/Wynn. I think next trip to Las Vegas, we will visit the Trump. Staff here is not friendly. At Trump, it was outstanding.