I am writing this review at 4am, from our room on the 29th floor. We have been kept awake two nights in a row by the loud thumping coming from the nightclub. I can't even imagine what people on lower floors must be hearing! We called the front desk about three hours ago who informed us that the nightclub closes at 4:30, so we're just waiting for it to end. They said all their rooms are booked, and there was no other room they could move us to. They offered a $200 credit for food as compensation, but the girl was very vague about it and just told me to go ahead and charge it all to my room, and then she'll see about having it taken off when we check out. Uhhhh, very reassuring, right? Trouble is, my husband is here for a conference and now hasn't been able to sleep in two nights. We were supposed to stay one more night, but we just used our sleepless night to change our flight home to a day earlier so we don't have to deal with this again. As long as I'm awake anyway, I might as well review the rest of the hotel... The rooms are nice, but don't feel quite as nice as the room that we stayed at in the Wynn previously. They're bigger in the encore, but somehow feel more cramped. Our room was clean & tidy, so no complaints with housekeeping. Aside from my noise complaint about the nightclub, the soundproofing between rooms also leaves something to be desired. We can hear our neighbors doors open and close, and when I was taking a bath earlier, I could hear our neighbor in their bathroom doing their, uhh, business on the toilet, if you get my drift. Pretty disgusting. We ordered room service while we were here. I told the girl that I have a dairy allergy and just asked her for a mixed green salad with no cheese or dairy, no croutons, no meat... just mixed greens. They sent up a salad alright.. with chicken, cheese, a bunch of bread, etc. Especially disappointing since the Wynn claims to be sensitive to allergens. I had them remove the food, and asked them not to charge me, but I am guessing we'll see it on our final bill. Maybe I can use that suspicious sounding $200 credit to pay for it, ha! The casino is nothing special. I do like that the air filtration is good, so the smoke isn't as obnoxious. But I played their slot machines for some time, and got zilch.. nuthin! Just dumped my money in and that was it. So I'd say to head elsewhere for fun slots. Oh look, it's almost 4:30am... going to wrap up this review in hopes that we can get some sleep soon. Seriously folks, don't stay here. We will likely check out the Mandarin next time we're here. I also don't remember the Wynn rooms being noisy at all, so that could be an option as well. But avoid the encore at ALL costs!