This was my 1st trip to Las Vegas and we chose Encore to be surrounded by luxury and because of its standard suite size. I was married here to be married in Vegas and thought that the room would be adequate for me & my bridal party to get dressed & prepared. This hotel was aesthetically pleasing. From the moment you walk in the door, you're left smiling with a signature scent and soothing jazz versions of familiar popular songs. Our check in was pleasant and fast. My party of 8 were all check in early, however I called several times to make sure all of our accounts were noted for early check in so we wouldn't encounter a problem. I LOVE the location of this hotel. I drove all over Las Vegas while I was out there and i felt this northern strip location was prime. Just far enough from the huge crowds, close to the mall & still on the strip. It's basically the last of the hotels that really feel like they're on the Strip. You could walk to Walgreens which was the next street over if you forgot your toothpaste and didn't want to pay $4 for a sample size in the "Sundries' . The table limits were all reasonable during the day but they skyrocketed at night and on the weekend. My girlfriends and I went to Surrender for my bachlorette party. A beautiful dance club which was also partially poolside. A sea of beautiful people swerved and grinded to the hip-hop/pop mashups! Not too crowed too since it was on a Thursday. But bring your wallet, each drink was around $15. But the atmosphere was exclusive and electric! The day of my wedding went smoother than I thought at the beginning. I suggest upgrading to the tower suites if you have more than 3 girls getting ready in 1 room. 700 sq ft just isn't enough. But, we managed. As we walked through the casino/lobby bar area,guest were congratulating me with bashful smiles. My mother, my bridesmaids and I were waiting for the limo in the lobby bar. I'm standing there in a full wedding gown, beautiful and nervous. We all went up to the bar to have a "calm my nerves" drink. The bartender ignored us (even though there were only 5 other people, all men at the bar). After waving for minutes trying to get his attention, he rudely told us to sit down and that he would send a server over. While waiting, I asked if I could smoke a cigarette. The answer was no (I guess this is the only bar in Vegas that you can't smoke in). "$hit!" I said barely above a whisper. "LANGUAGE!" exclaimed the bartender. I was not only snubbed by not getting served, I apparently was getting an etiquette lesson 15 minutes before my wedding. We waited over 10 minutes and no one came to attend to us. Thank god my maid of honor promptly cussed that bartender out. She gave a standing ovation worthy performance of the 5 worst cuss words you could call someone. How dare he treat a bride like that!!! When we returned that night from our wedding, our room had barely been touched even though we had the house keeping light on. There were empty bottles, dirty glasses and other garbage that had accumulated from the morning preparation of 4 bridesmaids and a bride making ourselves beautiful for my wedding. The only housekeeping that had been done was the making of the bed. So, we had to call housekeeping to our room at midnight to clean. It took them just under an hour to come and by then, I had cleaned up most of the mess myself. For the price of these rooms and the reviews that I've read, I really expected them to give me top notch customer service. For the most part, the service was just average and the run in with the' bride-ignoring bartender and midnight housekeeping were huge turnoffs. I consider myself to be a snobby consumer. When I pay big money for a product or service, I expect to receive only the best in return. I felt that Encore did not deliver the service level that should correlate with its price and ambiance. However, if you're willing to pay $400 a night for 'ambiance' and a really comfy bed (my favorite part of my stay), then this is the resort for you.