I visited the Encore from the 8th thru the 11th of August. When I first arrived the check in area was not organized. Parties coming in after me were being waited on before me, not what I consider being customer conscientious. When I got to my room someone knocked on it probably 4 minutes after arriving, young lady asked if all was correct and I said I had just walked in but noticed there were no robes. That was not taken care of until the next day. I walked down to the bar nearest to the registration where I found the two bartenders serving Sunday night to be very unresponsive, for only having 12 people in the bar. I was greeted after a 2 minute delay with what do you want? Very impressive. I gave up and called it a night. I the middle of the night I got up for a drink of water and while walking into the bathroom I stepped on a something. So I turned on the light and sit down on the edge of the bed to see what was going on. It was a piece of glass, apparently from a previous stay? I removed the glass and while sitting there I notice that there was food particles on the floor around the bar area. Again it was not cleaned up from a prior stay. Throughout my stay I ended up stepping on another piece of glass, sit down on the coach and was greeted with bobby pins. I just have to question how well you clean your rooms. I had trouble logging into the wireless, so I called down to the lobby. The young lady answered the phone explained what I needed to do and when I questioned why it was telling me I would be charged roughly $14, she said  no sir that is included in your room dont worry about it there is no additional cost. That was not what I found out later when checking out! I went to the work out area where again I was told there was a $15 charge per day and decided forget it. When I checked out of Wednesday I went down to the front desk to turn in my door key. A gentleman that had no personality what-so-ever asked if I wanted to put my additional charges on my credit card. I said no sir the stay has already been pre-paid for I should not have any additional charges. He then gave me a bill for $67.20. Telling me that was the cost for the wireless and gym charges during my stay as I tried to explain to him and he said they are RESORT FEE CHARGES. Again, I tried to explain and he said you used the wireless you get charged for it and you used the gym, stopped, looked at his screen, and said no I guess you didnt but you will still be charged for it. What kind of racket are you pulling off? The cost for a three night stay with tax was $502 and then you charge an additional $67 for RESORT FEE CHARGES. The gentleman then dropped his head would not talk to me and let me discuss my stay , nor did he ask me at any time how was my stay. Since then I have tried to call the Encore Wynn manager to discuss my stay and cannot get him to return my calls. I would have to say that from the staff I was subjected to, to the cleanliness of the room I stayed in I would have been better off staying at the Red Roof Inn and paying $39 a night. At least you are getting what you pay for. Be careful of their hidden fees. And unless you like ambiance the Encore is not worth the cost.