I had forgotten what it feels like to be shuffled around like a cow to line after line. Everything is so impersonal. While some may like the anonymity, I prefer customer service. We arrived with no greeting. No water. In the desert. In August. We waited in a line. A line usher ushered us to the next line. Each check-in took about 15 minutes so the wait was about 25 minutes. They didn't care and made no apologizes. We were packed in with dozens of loud smokers with all the luggage. Our check-in took 15 minutes. She asked for requests and I told her we came for a quick getaway without our children and wanted a quiet room on the top floor. She issued our keys. Both of us had to give ID. I asked her if our room was on the top floor and she said no. Would have been nice for her to say something. The room was OK. Although the Encore advertizes all suites - it's not really. It's a bedroom with a sitting area that doesn't close off. So, it's not like we could have brought the kids and had any privacy or had friends in for a drink without having them in your bedroom. We tried for a nap but a raging party started next door. We hadn't unpacked to we changed rooms down the hall with little inconvenience but, again, no apologies. Afterall, the front desk said (after a long hold time) it's not their fault. Well, it kinda is if they drop the room rate so low for the summer that they are getting 4 guys per room there to party hard. Next, we realize that we had no information about our slot credit and show tickets that were part of our package. This was never brought up at check-in. I called and, yes, after a long hold time, was told how to get the $25 slot credit which was really only $15 with conditions because anybody can get $10. A bit of a scam. Then, we learned we couldn't use the gym. We went to the front desk but were ushered away by the line usherer who explained people had been waiting in line. I knew this to be true because we did too. So we waited. And waited. We had to pay a $20 per day plus tax resort fee to use the gym and could no longer use the spa (which is what I would do while my husband works out longer)(this was a new policy). Again, no apologies. Everything else was so-so. Nice gym. No in room coffee so my husband had to make the trek and wait in line every am to get a cup of coffee in a paper cup for us. The Wynn Buffet line was so long, we paid extra for a front of the line pass. As a hotel guest, you get nothing extra other than use of the pool. If you have your ID. Everything is so impersonal and regulated. There is only one way in and out of the pool area. Crowd control is the name of the game - not guest convenience. We stayed up to 2 am on our last night and dearly looked forward to sleeping in the next am. We were awakened out of a dead sleep by a screaming fight next door. It was so bad we had to call security. We called the front desk and asked for a late check-out ...OK. Not even late. I asked for an extra hour. Any guess what the answer was? I guess I need to stay at boutique hotels since I expect hospitality. There was no offer to use a hospitality suite or store our luggage since we had such a late flight. No apologies, just "corporate policy". I asked to complain to the GM by leaving a voice mail but was told "they are all in a meeting so use a comment card" - I insisted that the voice mail was viable option despite the meeting and left a message. I doubt they care. It's about the masses.