This was our second stay, the first at the Wynn on our honeymoon and 6 months later at The Encore. We really enjoyed the Wynn except we felt the housekeeping was poor, when we checked out we told the staff this and they apologized profusely and said they would pass it on to housekeeping to rectify the situation. We were excited to return as both properties are very nice and luxurious and the front of house staff are very good. They are warm and welcoming and give great service. I also found the restaurants in both properties to be excellent. If you listen to Steve Wynn talk about the properties he will tell you how proud they are with their Mobil awards however I have to say that for such a beautiful 5 star resort they let themselves down and based on the very poor levels of housekeeping I would have to say I think one can do better. Why am I so hard on them when clearly the resort is beautiful and to be honest they fall at this hurdle? Well I think when you are paying $300 plus a night and being sold luxury 5 star service you should expect it. Every night they did turn down, well actually not every night but most nights. They closed the electric curtains which always left a small gap and never bothered to ensure the curtains were closed properly, this would mean the bright sunlight came streaming into the room the next morning so we had to ensure the curtains were closed. The Mini Bar snacks above the fridge were covered in a thick layer of dust and never cleaned. One day I had bought some sugar free candy downstairs, it was something like $8 for the jelly beans, the housekeeping decided that I didn't need them and promptly removed them 2 days later but left papers that were clearly to be thrown away in the room. On the final day I opened the mini bar to find the person before us had left their nasal spray in the fridge in a dirty bag, clearly they don't check these things properly. Others have pointed out when you stay in a luxury hotel you expect the little touches like your toiletries to be laid out neatly, curtains to be closed properly and pajamas to be folded and put on the bed. Another interesting incident was that housekeeping came in one day, cleaned the room and then turned on the do not disturb sign which was bizarre in itself. We obviously did not receive a turn-down that night but also one of the robes was missing as well. all very odd indeed. Each of these issues in isolation is trivial but it is really the fact that there were so many things and to make it worse when we checked out we told reception and got the exactly same response as the time before, i realized this was their way of saying, honestly we don't give a damn! To make matters worse an hour after leaving we realized my wife had left something in the bathroom. It was a mouth guard in a box and it was left in plain sight. The bottom line is they said they couldn't find it and made no real effort to do so either. I escalated it to management but again the attitude was pretty poor and uninterested. In summary the front of house is actually great and is hard to fault, also the dealers and casino was great BUT having experienced the lackluster back of house I have to say it is my choice to take my money elsewhere. I for one will not return to the Wynn or the Encore when I return to Las Vegas