This is the first and only review I have ever written about any hotel, and it is to warn all readers of the Encore. I am a seasoned traveler and I have stayed at the Wynn multiple times because we've had phenomenal stays there. So naturally when I received an offer from the Wynn offering me a spectacular rate for the Encore ($109/$159), clearly due to the economy, I jumped at the chance. I had already booked an amazing room elsewhere in Vegas, but I couldn't say no to the Encore, believing it would be even more wonderful than the Wynn. MISTAKE. At check-in, we had to almost beg for a room that wasn't facing XS because we weren't interested in being kept up all night by the club. After much back and forth and phone calls between the desk and "someone", we were offered a room that was acceptable to us (ie, non-smoking and not facing the club---we're not asking for much here). But when it was time for me to sign off on the room rate, WOW they tried to charge me a rate that was about $75 more PER NIGHT than the rate I had booked with. Nope, not an upgrade/upsell as you may be thinking -- the Encore actually tried to argue with me that this MUCH higher rate was what I had booked. I insisted that they were completely incorrect and they insisted "this is an excellent rate." Well, this isn't a negotiation, I booked a guaranteed rate, directly through your hotel website using a promotion that your hotel emailed me personally----honor the rate I booked! They insisted that I must be mistaken. FORTUNATELY I had the foresight to have printed out the actual daily rate and final total for the full stay from my computer screen at the time I booked (NOTE: the email confirmation that they send you does NOT have this detailed information, the confirmation only has the deposit charge rate). After digging through our luggage in the middle of the check-in area for 15 minutes, I found the paper that confirmed that YES, INDEED the rate I booked was $109/$159 per their direct email promotion. They insisted that their computer must be making some sort of error for an unknown reason and they agreed to honor the lower rate--you know, the one that I had actually booked. Needless to say, this was an AWFUL way to spend our first hour in Vegas and tainted our entire vacation. You might be thinking "oh, that must have been a random computer glitch, I'm sure that a hotel of the caliber of the Encore would never do that again." Well, 2 weeks later, my friend had the EXACT SAME PROBLEM---he had to PROVE to the Encore that they were attempting to overcharge him for his hotel room (the room that he had booked using the same Encore email promotion, the same rate, directly booked through the hotel website). And as you can see from other reviews, it has happened to others. I have to wonder how many hundreds of other people are having the exact same "bait and switch" happen to them. If you have, you should definitely share it here. If not, and you're planning to stay at the Encore, BE WARNED, and print out the computer screen snapshot that confirms your final room total AND your rate, and have it with you when you check in. Make sure that your booked rate matches the one that you sign off on at check-in. As for the Encore itself, the Wynn/Encore have increased, significantly, the prices of everything, including room service which used to be reasonably priced. The buffet costs more but has gone downhill (try PH buffet instead). Housekeeping is fine except they won't replenish any of the toiletries until you're completely out. No slippers at the Encore (you get them at the Wynn). I liked the Encore pool and spa better than the Wynn's. Wazuzu was great. Not sure if the Encore is just worse than the Wynn or if the Wynn has likewise gone downhill. Totally unsure as to whether I will ever stay at either hotel again, due to this terrible experience.