I stayed at Encore last month for a "girls weekend" and have next to nothing good to say. I had an offer through Amex Platinum travel so it was a great deal (the room was free and we also had breakfast for 2 days and one lunch comped). The check in area is completely disorganized with people just milling around trying to figure out who is next. The desk agent claimed the hotel was sold out and refused to give us a room with 2 beds, and then we had to wait several hours to get a room when we checked in (which has never happened any other time I have ever stayed in Vegas). They are clearly working with a skeleton work staff (baggage took almost an hour to be delivered, did not get maid service at all one day with no explanation when I called) and yet the casino floor, lobby, valet area, etc. were practically empty the entire time we were there. It does not seem remotely possible that the hotel could have been fully occupied based upon the complete lack of people we saw during our entire stay. Also I was SHOCKED to find out it is their policy that drinks are not comped when gambling at any of the bars in the casino (which is contrary to every single casino in the entire city). It was nearly impossible to get a cocktail waitress on the casino floor. The Encore pool is very party oriented, they have an entire "European bathing" area and there is a DJ playing music that is SO loud you can barely hear yourself think, and the chairs are practically on top of each other. Not relaxing at all. The rooms at Encore are very nice with a separate living room area, but otherwise there is nothing special. Following my visit, I sent a long, detailed letter to guest services with information about the many problems I had encountered and in response (two weeks later) I simply received an email thanking me for the information and stating "sorry to learn that your visit was less than what would be expected of a Wynn property." They clearly have no interest in guest services or appreciation. I would definitely recommend staying at Bellagio over either of the Wynn properties. You may also note that Encore is currently advertising nonstop on the internet for very cheap room rates that include "resort credit" and you will find that leads to ridiculous lines and wait times for all the restaurants, since you have to use the "credit" at the property.