How very disappointing. The magnificent Wynn and Encore - I don't think so. I shall start from the beginning - and let me say that I have never written such a derogotary review of a hotel on TA before: When we arrived, first the receptionist tried to downgrade our room as we'd booked a prepay deal via Expedia. She was actually going to 'escort us' as she put it - out of the Tower Suites reception to the resort reception until I could provide written proof myself that we should be there. After a 'discussion' with her manager lasting some time, we were allowed to stay in the room we booked - but she neglected to offer us the normal water and cold towels that one would expect in a 5 star hotel. Other guests got that, but not us! Finally when this was sorted, we were given a key card (not shown to our room as I would expect) and we waited and waited... and waited for our luggage. Finally after we chased and phoned, it arrived - an hour and a half later, and the bellboy was rude when he didn't get a tip. We tip for good service and don't tip for bad, sorry. We tried to make ourselves a coffee while we waited, but no facilities, shame. Again when we would stay in a hotel of this caliber, and in a room of this status, one would expect an executive lounge to grab a coffee if there are no facilities in your room. Not so, at the Encore, you only get access to the lounge if you have a 'gold star' on your card - and you only get those if you spend heavily in the casino. So if you would like a coffee when you wake in the morning, you have to get dressed and walk down past reception, into the hotel for about 10 minutes where you have the privilege of spending $5 on a coffee when you've already spent somewhere in the region of $500 on your room. Nice. I also told them it was my husband's 30th birthday while we were there - normally I would expect some recognition of this - I am not asking for huge freebies - just a little token to mark the occasion - even a sparkler on a dessert... you have to be kidding, they couldn't care less. I also personally found the waitresses with their fake boobs on display and bottoms hanging out of their deliberately short dresses a little much for breakfast time... Then there was the pool - I have a rule that I won't stay anywhere with plastic sunloungers, but somehow this place snuck through... we couldn't even find a spare one, and they are so crammed in you are like sardines. It is clearly a place where people go to show off their bodies, girls in full make up and high heels - I even saw one gentleman taking photos of a lady in a rather, um, uncompromising position - and this was quite the norm. It is very much about being seen at the 'pool scene' and you get looked up and down as you walk around, it's a bit like a daytime nightclub meatmarket. As a normal size 14, 30 something, I felt very very uncomfortable... didn't stay there long! And I was particularly offended when I asked for a glass of prosecco and was told that they had run out at that bar but the barman could offer me a glass of sparkling wine 'for the same money' - I wasn't asking for it because I wanted cheap champagne, more because we were off for an Italian meal and I find prosecco the perfect aperitif for such a thing! Oh, and when we checked out, they snuck on $50 for minibar things - which we hadn't touched. It took 20 minutes to fix the problem, and the snotty receptionist didn't even say sorry... What I will say for the hotel is that it is at the nicer end of the Strip, and the rooms are stunning. We had dinner at Sinatra's which was excellent and I would say of a 1 Michelin star standard, though they do not have such an award yet. Also of note is Stratta, the Italian restaurant where the food is excellent and the staff amongst the best in the hotel. And LE REVE is truly spectacular, a must. Then there was Big Steve, security at the Encore, tower suites - who was charming, the best member of staff we found in our four days there.