I chose the Encore based on a $159/night NCAA Basketball package offered on the Wynn website. When I did not receive a confirmation of my reservation by email after a few days, I called the Wynn 800 number and the very helpful operator confirmed my reservation and the rate, and promptly emailed a confirmation (only upon my return home did I notice that the room rate field was conspicuously blank). My friend Rob and I arrived late Friday afternoon and were informed at the front desk that not only were they out of rooms with two Queen beds (a bit of a problem - Rob and I are close, but not that close), but that our rate was actually $209/night. Of course, we protested and were informed that the system had no record of that rate (I am still at something of a loss as the Wynn website featured a prominent ad that bodly stated the $159/night rate). After half an hour of being passed around and the infuriating mumbled apologies for the confusion, I was offered the very unsatisfactory suggestion that "maybe that rate only applied to telephone reservations." Determined not to let this ruin our weekend, we begrudgingly checked in. We had just set down our bags in the room when Kevin from the Wynn reservations office called. I outlined my complaint, and offered to call my office in Los Angeles and have the confirmation I received forwarded to him. His response can best be summed with two words: arrogant and condescending. He also contradicted himself a number of times, leading me to believe I did not have his full attention. I got pretty fed up with his treatment, told him that I would not spend a dime at either Wynn property, and terminated the call. Needless to say, this was not the ideal start to our weekend. We recovered quickly though - it is Vegas after all. As we are acccustomed, we enjoyed a pint or three at Nine Fine Irishmen Pub and Grill at New York, New York, and an amazing meal at Bouchon at the Venetian. The poker room at Caesar's was a pleasant surprise this trip, as was their spacious sports book. Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill lived up to the hype, and Napoleon's at the Paris is a pretty happening night spot. By and large, we otherwise enjoyed our stay at the Encore...until Saturday night. When we returned to the hotel around 2 a.m., we discovered our room keys were not working. We walked back to the front desk and were provided new keys by the desk clerk, who thought the system was "virused." We walked back to the room to find that the new keys were equally as ineffective. After another trip to the front desk - no short trek, especially when you have the room at the end of the hall - we were offered more mumbled apologies, some reports of similar complaints from other guests, and new keys, which also did not work. Tired of walking and just plain tired, I elected not to return to the front desk and instead entered the housekeeping quarters, where I picked up the nearest phone. I was transferred around and then told that security was en route. After fifteen minutes of literally lying in the halls, I got back on the phone and was reassured that security was en route. When a security guard arrived ten minutes after that, we gave him a little cheer. He then checked our IDs and tried unsuccessfully to open the door with his key card. We were asked to wait another five minutes while a booster key was retrieved. Fifteen minutes later, the security guard returned with his supervisor, each of whom thought the other had brought the booster key. Had they not been so embarassed and apologetic, I would have sworn we were on a candid camera program. More waiting ensued, but we were finally admitted to our room - an hour and a half after the whole ordeal began. I was too tired to do anything but turn in for the night. My friend Rob, however, immediately got on the phone with the night manager. After going round and round with her, he was put on hold and then told that the hotel would honor the $159/rate - the rate that did not exist the night before. As he put it the next morning, "it was as though she and the rest of the clerks received a no apologies, no gimmes lecture from management a few hours earlier." That pretty much sums up our experience at the Encore. It's really too bad. The resort is really quite lovely, elegantly decorated, and conveniently located with spacious rooms and all the amenities you would expect at a first rate hotel. The fourth rate staff, however, makes one feel more like a burden than a guest.