We had three rooms arriving Feb 5, checking out on the 8th. One 71 year old (my Dad) my son and his wife (just turned 30), and my husband and myself, late 40s/early 50s. So we have a good rangfe of ages, and we all had the same opinion....not really impressed. Rooms are small...and really not that great. Best part was the bathroom. There was a great coffee area at the bottom of the elevator...perfectly located and good coffee..that was my fav spot. My dad and I enjoyed that area in the morning. Great area for poeple watching!!! The slots played decent, better than the Wynn, in our opinion. My son played blackjack and enjoyed his play there. It is one of the hotels that still is lively and busy. The Riviera looks like it is going our of business, it was so empty...but in our experiance, the slots played better therer!!!! We went to see Jersey Boys at the Palazzo, it was a nice casino, lively as well and the show was the best we'd seen.....the 30 yr olds were not that impressed though ( due ot not knowing all of the music), my dad and my husband and I absolutley loved it. Food was expensive as well at the Encore..we have eated at the Wynn buffet before and even though we were all comped buffets, we chose not to eat there....it really is not that good for "reguar food" type poeple!!! We ate at the zoo craker(name?) place a couple of times and it was okay but for hamburger, wings and sanwiches for 5 , the bill was 125.00. What ever happened to eating cheap in Vegas???? We ate at teh cafe in teh Wynn as well, at the end of the hallway form the Encore to the Wynn and for two premade sanwiches ans one panini, three bags of chips adn three cokes it was 75.00.!!!! That is steppe to me, especailly when the sanwiches came in a prepackaged plastic wrap and were taken right for the refigerator!!! If we had known, we would not ahve eaten there, the display looks good, sanwiches were horrible!!! Overall rooms were truly, just OK, food $$, nice casino. I like Planet Hollywood for a younger couple, th Bellagio still has it over the Encore, and the Palazzo has the absolute best rooms....so for me, I will be staying elsewhere. One more note....all of us never slept worse anywhere, we all figured we got about 10 hours of sleep over three days, and it was not form lack of trying. Our room was really hot as well. We did visit the spa at the Mirage and would nto recommend it either. My daughter in law and I has facials and massages, both were not worth the $$, but it the only place we coupld get into with short notice...the Wynn/Encore did not have room the day we wanted to go....whcih was our fault for not preplanning.