I was disappointed by my stay at the Encore. Nothing about it screams five star, from the lines at check-in and check-out, to the unhelpful staff and problems with the room. The biggest problem was an extremely noisy fridge that made a long, loud rumbling sound at 15-20 minute intervals. I called maintenance at 7pm before going out at night, requesting that it either be fixed or unplugged (it's impossible to get behind the heavy furniture and do it yourself). When I returned to the room after midnight I saw that it was still plugged-in and a mobile fridge had also been wheeled into the room. Wondering if they had fixed it I went to sleep only to be woken at regular intervals throughout the night by it. I complained in the morning about it but they (at first) denied I had made a call about it the night before and then seemed pretty unconcerned about the matter. They also have problems with the a/c on the 38th floor, it was still baking after setting the thermometer to 59 degrees, if it's like this on a cool, rainy February night then there is no hope for the summer. The bathroom was extremely hot too. Another warning, the rooms are loud, you can hear your neighbors chatting coming through the vents both by the couch area and in the bathroom. I could make out nearly every word of a regular conversation. When requesting an extra half hour to check out I was told it would be another $150 even though the room was not booked for that night, and after the complaint about getting no sleep. Eventually they agreed to a half hour but I would by no means consider this five star service. None of the employees were rude but certainly didn't go out of their way to help, smile or say hello. I would definitely recommend the Signature at the MGM over the Encore, the service and rooms are far superior and the staff seem to genuinely care about your experience. It's also in a better location, the Encore is on the north end of the strip and if you are in a north facing room you will have a depressing view over some parking lots and strip malls and not much else. Also the Signature has a wonderful little cafe and the dining options are far superior to those at the Encore and Wynn. There were hairs in one of the bathroom sinks when I arrived and the alarm clock was set to the wrong time with no instructions on how to change it--minor details, but not what you expect at five star levels and prices. Their website also claims they have turn-down service, this did not happen. The spa at the Encore is beautiful and well worth visiting. But I would recommend staying elsewhere. I definitely won't stay here again.