We spent two nights at the Encore at the end of January. The attraction was that the hotel is new, and touted as a 5-star. Having stayed at the Wynn just after it opened, we thought we knew what to expect. And to a certain extent that was true. The suite, save for the decoration, was identical to the Wynn, which meant it was lavish and comfortable. We weren't crazy about the decor, but, hey, that's merely personal taste. If you get a view room of the strip, it's a joy to look out from the huge floor to ceiling window. But a warning. Get a room on the right side of the building (facing the strip) because otherwise part or all of your view will be obstructed by the Wynn. Now for the real problems. The biggest one is that Mr. Wynn cut some corners this time. For example, the air conditioning unit. At some point, everyone has stayed in a motel where the air conditioning turns on, blowing cold air into the room, then turns off when the temperature is reached, only to turn on again when it gets warm in the room again. I never imagined I would experience that at a supposed 5-star hotel. But instead of a constant flow at a chosen temperature, that's what you got at the Encore. There's worse. The unit is set into a wall by the windows. So the living area is cooled to the temperature set. But there is no vent in the bedroom, which stays much warmer much longer. To get a decent night's sleep, we had to set the temperature to 62 degrees, and I still had to sleep only under the sheets. Another big problem with the Encore. It is connected by a long walkway to the Wynn. Want to eat breakfast in a room that doesn't overlook the gambling area? You have to trek to the Wynn. Want to eat at the buffet? Start walking. Want to play poker? Sorry, that room is in the Wynn, too. If you're young and fit, you probably won't even notice the hike. But if you're a little older or get fatigued more easily, that walk starts to turn into a Death March. And finally, the Encore is at the extreme end of the quality strip hotels. If you want to try your luck at the Venetian or even the Mirage, that's no big deal. It isn't that far to walk. But if you want to go to the Bellagio or the MGM, you'll have either a long walk or an expensive cab ride.