I have stayed at some very decadent and luxurious hotels. In comparison, the Wynn Encore ended up being just an "OK" experience. YES, the hotel was new and beautiful (although the original Wynn is nicer) but the front desk had MUCH to be desired. It was a disorganized mess... none of our special requests were taken care of although we called way in advance (our party was scattered all over the hotel - no rooms together... they couldn't even do something as simple as a late check out for us!) The last straw was when we checked in at 11 p.m. (after a VERY long flight) and one group in our party was given the most disgustingly messy room that I have ever seen. Newness and luxury don't mean squat to me at midnight when I want to sleep and it looks like someone threw a bomb in my room. I went downstairs and complained. The aloof "front desk manager" said she would take care of it. Mind you, this is a $300+ a night room. After much insistence due to our inconvenience she offers me a $50 dining credit. $50???!! At the Wynn Encore??! So I can buy what, a cup of coffee and some toast? And mind you, she didn't even offer... I had to prod her. The situation is not about the money... if I was looking for "value", I wouldn't be at the Wynn Encore. It was about receiving superior service, which we did not. We flat out refused the dining credit... we told her she could keep it. We went out to dinner and when we got back (SEVERAL hours later) the bed had been made, but the bathroom was still disgusting with used soaps, etc. Well, the front desk was called and after going ballistic, the party was given a new room and a $200 dining credit. The credit was nice... but this SHOULD NOT be happening at a hotel of this caliber!!! We should not be roving through a hotel like gypsies at 1 a.m. because we have to repack and move because the front desk and housekeeping seem to be functioning on two different planets. On the plus side, the employees of the hotel were wonderful... very nice and helpful. The service and attitude of the servers in the restaurants were wonderful. But that front desk NEEDS to get it together... it's a fiasco! All in all, we had a nice time because we are able to roll with the punches, but I can say that a very special birthday celebration was ruined due to the lack of customer service and care that we received from the front desk. They acted like they just didn't care... and the way that we were treated by them brought the point home. Mr. Wynn should spend less money of fabulous draperies and golden tassles and invest more in customer service training for his front line staff. Don't know about the rest of my party (it was six people in separate rooms) but as far as I am concerned, I will NEVER return to the Wynn Encore again!!!! I can spend a few thousand dollars at a much better establishment such as The Venetian and TRULY experience what service at an upscale hotel should be like. Peace out...