We stayed two nights this past weekend and booked our stay as part of a lastminutetravel.com package, paying close to rack rate. Our stay was not pleasant. It wasnt exceedingly awful, but a multitude of small things made it not enjoyable. The hotel is adequate at best. I honestly wouldnt suggest paying more than $50/night. We arrived at the hotel on a Friday morning and wanted to drop off our bags. We didnt expect to be able to check in right away. The desk clerk told us that our room wasnt ready, but there was a much nicer room with a king bed and a view that was ready. Oh goody, we thought, were going to get upgraded! And she said that we could have it for $20 more per night. We declined. Not the best way to start the trip. I didnt expect to be able to check in right away, but I really didnt expect the tricky up-sell. She asked for our voucher. What voucher, we asked? She had our reservations, but still insisted that we give her a voucher from lastminutetravel.com. This company does not send vouchers. Arghh so she took a copy of our email confirmation instead. She suggested that we come back after one and perhaps a room would be ready then. We dropped our luggage and returned at close to two. When we came back, our room was ready, and we asked for our luggage. There was now a different desk clerk, and she went to get our luggage and then returned and said that somebody would bring it up to our room. Umno thats okay, well take our luggage now. As you can see, we are thrifty travelers, and did not want to be obligated to tip somebody for bringing up our two carry-ons that we are perfectly capable of bringing up ourselves. The desk clerk was not pleased, and visibly scowled. She went back into the luggage room and continued to search for our luggage. Apparently, she couldnt find it, which was why she said somebody would bring it to our room. Finally with the help of (the concierge?), she was able to locate our luggage. We were on the leper floor with some sort of Elks facility and a business center. Our room was fine, but nothing nice. Here are some things we noticed about the room: * The bed sheets are ancient and thread-bare. There is a little sign next to the bed encouraging you to not get your sheets changed. Ive seen these before and Ive not been particularly perturbed, but this one was especially scolding, saying, in all caps, MAKE THE DECISION FOR YOURSELF. *There is no air conditioning, and the ceiling fan rattles if you put it above the lowest setting. *There is a lot of street noise, especially drunk people at night. *There is no shower cap. *The toilet paper is very thin. *There were stray hairs in the bathroom. *There are very few television channels. Here are some things we noticed about the hotel: *The elevator certificate has been expired for over a year. *Dcor is sloppy and crookedly placed. Not a big deal, but there is a clear inattention to detail. *Front desk clerks are ignorant at best, and willful liars at worst. Along with our check-in experience, we talked to the front desk regarding shuttles to Oakland Airport. I was told that it would cost the same amount to take a taxi with the hotels preferred company as it would to take a shuttle. Its actually 30% more. They were no help in finding airport transportation. All and all, not a pleasant stay. It just wasnt comfortable, and it sure didnt feel special. You can do A LOT better for your money. I will not be going back to Kensington Park or any of the Personality Hotels. Ill stick to Kimptons and the Nikko from here on out.