Train your staff The owners need to be aware about their staff, particularly Alberto he was nothing short of rude on several occasions. Here are examples of the conversations that I had with him: as my package arrived? Alberto: es, but I don't know what time it came? re you having problems with your WIFI today?Alberto: obody else has complained. Speak to the Concierge? When I passed a cheery looks like it's going to be a nice day?Alberto replies I don't know, you can look at the weather channel. All of said with the most unpleasant tone. Virtually anything you asked for to were told to speak with the Concierge, Concierge Roberto, only works from 16:30 Thursday, Friday and Saturday. When Roberto is away the desk is nearly always unmanned. Maybe they just expect you to wait. We booked a 2 Queen superior room, a very nice room, however, we had to move. The reason was due to the elevator, being right next to the room it was very noisy. The street noise was a problem, from 6 am onwards until late at night. There is no air con so if you need to open the windows it's impossible to sleep. You will also see comments on trip advisor about the amount of light coming in through large gaps in the door frame. Eventually we were upgraded to a nice room but only after refusing several alternative rooms which were effectively downgrades. We had to wait to see manager Michael, although nice he seemed at a loss as to what would make us happy, fortunately, I had seen a room 410 that is a nice room and was moved. If you like to have a bath then it will be a problem , they are all small in depth but the showers were good The beds were comfortable, the furniture in good condition I asked for 2 light bulbs to be replaced even pointing out there locations in the room, this was never done. This was my second visit. so I more than appreciate that it is not the Ritz Carlton, however, I can clearly remember the staff in 2001 and what a contrast!! Where have they gone I wonder? Most likely to other establishments who pay more and expect more from there staff? In the middle of a recession The Queen Anne management needs to do some serious thinking because they are going to losses business. So here is goodbye to The Queen Anne.