needs a paint brush and maintenance We usually like small boutique hotels, but in the city, that is kind of hard to find. It looked by all indications that this was as close as we would find unless we were willing to stay somewhere with 300+ rooms. Upon checking in, the desk clerk was curt and unfriendly. Having to register me, and answer other guest questions and answer the ringing phone without much help may have contributed to his state of mind. The first problem is that they only have 17 parking space for a property that has 48 guestrooms. I found this out upon returning from dinner at 9:30. Since this property is located in a residential area already maxed out in the parking department, we were not to happy to say the least! In addition to my grumpiness about it, they had the nerve to charge me 15 dollars parking fee, which I foolishly agreed to upon check-in, not knowing about the parking lot roulette!As the elevator door opened we were treated to a run down, shabbily maintained hotel, sort of how the lobby looks at the Disneyland Tower of Terror Ride!(I checked the elevator only works on 4 floors) Patches of unpainted spackled plaster along with scuffed and worn floor moldings greeted us on our 3rd floor entrance. These conditions obviously had been there quite a time, with no care or concern for how it appeared or what first impression one may have!Opening the door to our room, exposed us to a clean, but well worn room. Over - Painted, as evidenced of multiple coats of paint on the doors and woodwork with previous drips and nicks attempted to be covered up. The bathroom had a beautiful marble tile job, done perfectly, except that immediately adjacent to the tile, instead of a cut in electric box with the proper mounting hardware for a wall phone, the wire just sort of came out from behind the tile, then looped around the base of the wall phone which was mounted to the wall with one screw. Thus allowing the phone to swing from side to side if you decided to lift the handset or replace it back on the hookswitch. ( nice touch), The door to the bathroom also during the night would hit a high point on the tile floor, causing a nice screech, nothing like the old nails on the chalkboard, but something unnecessary in a place where the handyman actually gives a damn about his work.The bed was comfortable enough except for the unavailability of feather pillows, so that we were stuck with our head perched up on foam pillows all night didn help. The sheets although clean, had seen better days since my wife commented on how thin they had become from repeated washings. The condition of the room was ok, but again the lack of attention to the small details was evident! Amenities such as an in room coffee pot are nice, but you would think they would also include sugar, sweetener or a packet of cream substitute to enjoy with the coffee.Since none were found, I trekked down to the dining room to discover an equally hap hazard display of their breakfast fare. A almost empty fruit bowl, with 1 apple left, empty coffee carafes and small Danish pastries that were actually cut into quarters. Since the hotel advertised that breaksfasts were included, I found this to be quite un acceptable in the amount of food presented to the guests. The night before I had asked the clerk upon returning to the hotel for the night where the ice machine was located. I was told that it was un-accessible to guests and that the sole staff member would have to fetch the bucket for me. You would think that in this business they would have one somewhat centrally located in order to serve the guests more comfortably.All in all it just appears that either the management doesn care about how their property is perceived doesn want to pay for extra staff or the combination of the two. The sad thing is that this property could really be a nice 1st class place with a little attention to detail! If all you want is a bed to plop down on, and you don care about anything else then you will love this place, if youe looking for some nice touches, some luxury, some helpful staff then don come here.