Very Nice Rooms, BUT.... We stayed in room 310, a lovely king with a fireplace. The room and bathroom were excellent and spacious overlooking the street. Although I hasten to add the room we reserved by number was not available and the desk clerk assigned us an inferior room. After refusing that room, we were upgraded to the terrific room 310. Continental breakfast is cheap but relatively tasty in a nice setting. The locale of the hotel is convenient to Japantown but not a great walking neighborhood. Concierge Roberto was a peach and a true professional helping us with whatever we needed, he had an excellent knowledge of the city. Our problems with this property are a result of the front desk staff. Two issues came up during our stay:1) We sent a package to ourselves (USPS Express mail) and called THREE times to insure they were aware of its arrival. We called to see it had arrived and were told it was turned away!! Human error was blamed when they mispelled our name in the registration and concluded the intended recipient wasn't staying in the hotel. This might be reasonable if we hadn't called THREE TIMES to alert them of the package. How many express packages with our name on them did they expect? To add insult to injury, the guy who turned it away was one of the people we spoke to! The manager did a very good job of obtaining the package prior to our arrival, but without our phone calls we would've missed an important business package. File under ineptitude.2) A party of college age men began our last night in the room above us (four floors total in this property). Music and rowdy behaviour. We let it go until 11pm when we began calling the night manager.He said he would check it out. One hour later, no change, we call again, he says I sent someone else to see so I don't know what's going on. We implore him to FIND OUT. 1 hour later no change. We call again-- he says I'll tell them again. NO results, we lie awake until our 4AM checkout for an early flight. At the desk I question the night manager who says A group was watching a movie and got excited at certain parts. What about us and the other guests, I asked. I told them to quiet down, he replied. I replied that wasn't good enough and it's his responsibility when he lets a group of people into the same room and does nothing about the consequenses.No response from this night manager (continues busy work with our checkout). I then simply stated that we would not pay for the last night and we were owed an apology. His reply I wasn't the one who disturbed you.?!?! I asked for the General manager to call me that day (never received a call). When we received the bill in the mail 10 days later we were credited the last night.In summary: lovely rooms, bush league front desk and management. We only lost a night of sleep, but that kind of service is not what we look for in a city with scores of hotels.