I booked the Premier Suite with King bed at 650+ square feet with 2 floors for a 4 night stay in April 2009. We came here on vacation for a special occasion, so we wanted to splurge a bit. Let me preface to say that my husband and I are globe-trotters and travel extensively. This would have made our 5th visit to Seattle. THE GOOD: Location: Cannot ask for a better location. Within walking distance to Pikes, shopping & restaurants. Close to all the action but not in the middle of it  perfect! Would prefer to stay in this area from here on. Hotel Staff: Got prompt and courteous response from manager. Cleanliness: Lobby & public areas were great. Room  well..needs improvement. Library Bar: Great service, great drinks. Parking: If you dont want to pay for the valet, there is plenty of street parking at that area underneath the bridge. If you wait till after 4, you can pay for 2 hours of parking (time limit) and 6pm to 8am is free! THE BAD: Housekeeping: came & went at inconsistent hours  either early in the morning or as late as 6:30pm. When we happened upon her at 6:30, she wasnt even finished and just had her take off than finish. After 4 nights, they never cleared the foyer table of an ice bucket and soda cans/ wine bottles. A clearly visible watery mess for 4 days. If not for us, think about that lovely furniture getting water-logged! One day we found dirty linen lying in the middle of the hallway. Bellman: At arrival, our taxi dropped us off at the entrance near the Library bar. This is one floor below the rest of the hotel. Although the bellman was there to greet us, they did not carry our luggage up the steps and there was no elevator. Needless to say, Im one of those gals who bring baggage heavier than themselves, so this was not a good start. Concierge: MIA. Apparently out on vacation and not another one to fill in during his absence. So much for using this service for our pampering holiday. Mysteriously, we did get a note in our room upon our arrival from him congratulating us for our special occasion. Nice touch, but who really wrote it?!! Room Amenities: With all my travels, I never got an option of a 2-floored room so I specifically got the room with the 2nd floor. I was expecting a 2nd floor but it was instead like a sunken room sort of thing. The living room/bathroom was 3 steps up from the bedroom area. When upon 1st entering, you have a large entry foyer that brings you towards a hallway with a raised living area & bathroom, and then continues forward to the bedroom area. After 4 nights at this hotel, I hate to admit that we never used the living area except for to eat a snack for a few minutes. Also, with all the space, youd think that theyd have a bigger bathroom, but it was a typical apartment size. Perhaps if that bathroom was as big as the entry foyer. Didnt get the king bed as described in room style. Got a metal queen canopy. Looked great, but that metal skirt / bottom area was a shin splitter more than once. Although there was plenty of furniture, there was no drawer space in any of it. The room was beautifully decorated albeit not well thought-out as far as usablity. Was relegated to using the small file cabinet sized thing in the closet under the safe. Still had to live out of the suitcase in my 650+ sq foot room. TV placement in the bedroom was in the corner. Unfortunately, the canopy bed poster always got in the way, so youd have to peek around if you want to watch TV in bed. Iron didnt work. Had to call twice to get a replacement sent. Both TVs didnt work upon arrival. Had to get maintenance to fix it. After a few days of running around, it was nice to have that option to watch a movie on demand. Paid for and started to watch Valkarie but after a few minutes of it on, the picture was shaking. Went to the other TV and saw the same shaky picture. Apparently we got the room with the crappy TV connection. THE UGLY: I can deal with all of the above I had mentioned, but this one was really unforgivable. The hot water was intermittent. Either of the sinks had hot water unless the shower was turned on. However, once you got in the shower, youd get the blast of cold unsuspectingly too. After telling the front desk of this issue on day 2, supposedly they had maintenance in there but still no resolution. Had cold water in cold Seattle in the early spring. Yippee. What did we get for our troubles? A $60 credit from the front desk at check-out (still spent more than $1000) and 40% off of our next stay. Whoohoo! Seriously?!! So as a Kimptons InTouch member, Ill have to say that this room has been the worst Kimpton room Ive ever stayed at. The Monaco in Portland blew you completely away. Too bad because your location is perfect. 40% off my next stay to take a chance of not having hot water, non-working TVs, no concierge, no luggage help, spotty housekeepingwould you do it?