This hotel is within convenient waking distance to Downtown Seattle (about 10 minutes from the Hotel which itself is in a not very attractive area, but if you're on a budget, you might find that not too bad). There are also some nice coffee shops and a Whole Foods market right around the corner (on Westlake). But DO NOT expect spectacular Skyline views or any great atmosphere out here. There might be some intresting views from the rooms with a patio but even then it's mainly huge parking-area-car-dealership-atmosphere in the surrounding blocks, despite some trees). We never felt anything close to unsafe, though. This place is ok to have some sleep and a shower and then hang out in the city most of the time, not more. The official website photos tell you - as in most spaces - not the whole story. We stayed there three nights (1st floor, usually very noisy from staff working and people outside by the parking spots; room 105 is facing the laundry which is a big noise source) and then one night on the 2nd floor a week later, this time on the back side which was somewhat more quiet. You could, however, always clearly hear noises from rooms around ours. So, take earplugs with you. The rooms are OK at first sight (not more, let's say there are slightly under the level of usual 60$-motel averages in rural areas and clearly under newer chain motels), but they definitely would need some touch up or lower pricing. There are no terrible "holes", I guess, but it's all far from super-comfy. Bathrooms are OK, but you'd expect more quality and space for the price. Some mold on the ceiling, not too much though. One leaking water tap, water flowing down the shower drain only very slowly, toilets OK. The beds are OK. It just all has that 70s-style-look-and-feel somehow. A/C in one of the rooms looked messy (dust, missing switches). Some not-so-hidden spots in the room haven't been vacuumed in weeks. No big eye on details in this facility! The TVs didn't work properly in either rooms - a channel listing with 99 stations isn't worth anything if there are only five snow-stormy channels available. During the first stay we asked three times to have it fixed - the last night, there was a note from the maintenance guy "I replaced the TV, seems to work better, sorry for the inconvenience" - OK, that is charming, but I'd expect more. And even after the "fixing" channel reception was awful. And any technician should see that the loose TV cable wire needed to be fixed, not the TV set. Staff besides that was average friendly, not more, but no problems here. Wireless reception was poor in both rooms (lots of outages), and it's a slow network. Bottom line: I guess there are better places for that price. We gave them a second chance since prices dropped after labour day, but no positive surprises unfortunately. Average to below average place, just conveniently located, that's it.