Questionable Practices... CitizenM is ideally located. It's a 2 mins walk from Schipol terminal and walking distance to anywhere else in the Schipol area. I arrived for work and was nice to be able to walk to and from office every day.Checkin is efficient and staff are helpful. Room was nice and clean and well presented. It's a modern layout, but works well.A few niggles - the moodpad kept tripping out and didn't stay charged very long. Eventually I dumped it and used remote control for telly instead. Shower is OK, don't particularly like the overhead option and you can't move it. Pressure wasn't great either.No ironing facilities in the hotel...but if you ask they'll let you use the hotel iron in the back of house. It would have been nice to have a properly set up ironing room for guests to use. People need to iron.Food and drink options are limited and pricey. Staff on this area were not usually the most efficient, often prefering to chat amongst themselves and finish conversations before attending to customer.My advice for food and drink is to head into the airport terminal. There's a Starbucks 3 mins walk from the hotel and other reasonably priced options in the terminal.The lobby area is nicely laid out for watching telly, using computers etc. On a high note - movies are free and there's complimentary wifi, which is very welcome and forward thinking.Worst problem was the questionable practice of charging customers for not staying at the hotel...yes really. In my niaivity I booked the flexible rate I assumed that would mean I could be flexible with my booking. But apparently not. ! was booked for 5 nights, but at the last moment I got notice that a meeting had been cancelled - great home to family a bit earlier. When I went to check out they said that they had to charge me for the 5 night even though I wouldn't be staying as I hadn't given them 24hrs notice. Despite protest I was told to email reservations. I emailed, but unfortunately noone bothered to reply.So, keep this in mind if staying at the hotel...it's not really flexible in the normal sense of the term. I'd have given the hotel a 4 or 5 star review if I hadn't felt so ripped off upon leaving, great trip spoit by questionable business practices.Oh, a word about the website style over substance. It's hard to get information from it.