If your sure about wanting to stay in upcountry out of the way of just about everything, and your sure you want to stay at Hale Ho'omana don't stay in the bamboo cottage. I booked this after calling and asking for another room which was booked, I was told that the bamboo was like it at the same price. She told me the bamboo had just been remolded and was super nice and would work for our small family of 2 adults and a toddler. The other room I looked at was the same price and pretty large with tv, big kitchen area and plenty of room so I was thinking it would be the same. The pictures for the bamboo were not up on the website yet but I was told it had a full kitchenette with microwave. After we booked I asked if they had a crib to use, they did but it was a $15 charge. When we got there we were surprised to find a tiny, shabby "cottage" which was actually an old work shop or small converted garage attached to the owners house. First the bathroom does not have a sink or any counter space. So you have to use the sink in the "kitchen" to brush your teeth. The shower floor was stained and grimy and there were several holes in the walls. The towels were mismatched and had large stains. The room is so small that there was good 5 inches between the bed and the small crib they charged us to use. The crib was actually a bassinet and when I placed my toddler into it she could easily step out and she was level with the cords from the window blinds.. not safe at all, so we did not use it and got a refund. The kitchette was not really usable either, we only attempted one meal here. No microwave, just a two burner hotplate and a small toaster oven. Cooking utensils were lacking, no measuring cups for liquids and no counter space to put anything or chop anything. The counters were not finished and a grass skirt was hiding some of the raw 2x4's that were holding up the sink. There is no fan in the kitchen or bathroom so it steamed up the whole place when I tried to cook. There is no closet to put anything, no room for a suitcase. No tv since there is no place to put it. If you decide to stay here I would suggest renting out the main house to use, which is very nice. The other "cottages" on the property looked a lot better than the bamboo, and since it was the same price we felt ripped off. But if the service had been good many of the inconveniences could have been over looked. The owners as not really friendly it feels like they are too busy to chat with you or give you any recommendations besides trying to sell you on there own "services" like the massages she gives or the tours they will take you on for a price. Not once were we asked if we had everything we needed or if they could help. They also charged us a $50 cleaning fee. There was a check list of instructions of what was supposed to be done before check out. We had to take out our own trash separate the recycling, clean the bathroom, wipe down all the counters with cleaners (good thing there weren't any) clean and wipe out the mini fridge. So we did all of this and spent a good deal of time getting the place back good as it was. So after all this I was thinking we would get a refund on the cleaning fee since there was nothing left for them to clean. But no, you have to clean it yourself and pay them to clean it. The location is out of the way to say the least. Getting to Makewao isn't bad but the drive to Hale Ho'omana is up a windy road that takes awhile.