Unfortunately I an compelled to put the word out there for noise sensitive people like myself(though the slamming doors are so loud that you don't have to be particularly sensitive to hear them). i say unfortunately because most other aspects of the hotel seemed satisfactory and I have stayed at other Thompson hotels and thought that they were a "better" brand so to speak. This hotel came off feeling cheapish and clueless. Now I totally get the comparison that another reviewer made when comparing it to the quality of the Royalton. The first thing a hotel needs to deliver is the comfort of it's guests especially regarding a good night's sleep in the privacy of their room no matter what the hotel may or may not deliver in regards to other amenities that go on in the lobby,etc. I asked for a quiet room upon check in after reading a couple of reviews regarding the bar noise.The front desk person adknowledged the potential for noise from the bar in the room e were previously assigned 6th floor and switched our room to the 4th floor,away from the bar which I believe is on seven. All was good ,nice room,we head out to eat drink,etc. Upon returning to the hotel and settling in for bed I started to hear large banging noises sporadically,they sounded like large crates of liquid(bottles?) being dropped on our ceiling but i knew we weren't under the bar so I called the front desk after the fourth noise and mentioned what was going on...he seemed as baffled as I was but said he would investigate. Many hours went by,the noise continued,I slept through it as much as one could,sort of, you know...when you are so tired at one point you could sleep at a bus station or airport(this is how I fell asleep both nights). It wasn't until morning and we left our room that I realized the "slamming "noise was actually the heavy doors to the rooms that have no hinges(or not slow enough ones) and slam shut whenever anyone enters or exits their room(no fault of the guest who is oblivious to this unless trying to sleep),and I mean "LOUDLY" as there was a long hallway between our door and where we actually slept and I could not hear elevator shafts,voices or any other noises. This is such a SHAME as the rooms are otherwise well insulated(no street noise,couldn't hear adjacent guests,etc.)and I am writing this in hopes that the hotel manager/owners /architects will see this and do something about it. I mentioned it several times and again upon check out and the staff,while polite and considerate, I realize now might have been playing"dumb" since there is not much they can do about it anyway(in the moment).I would think they would want upper management to know.Nobody adknowledged being aware of this issue.Upon check out the young lady commented"well I wonder who was slamming their doors" and I said nobody"they slam themselves shut". This is a hotel I would have returned to if not for the needless noise issue.I really liked the location and the hotel seemed adequate otherwise...I'm not the type to complain over petty issues and in fact only write reviews when I have something really good to say about a place that I would like to share with fellow travelers. Needless to say we had to endure a second night of the same which was sort of depressing going back to the hotel after a nice dinner knowing you were going to encounter more "slamming".It's really loud because the doors are so heavy,sounds like a BANK VAULT closing shut each time.Or a JAIL CELL DOOR.Needless to say I had many opportunities to analyze the sound. In addition to the inner doors slamming,we also had to endure the jolting of the balcony door of the room adjacent to us in the wind...I only mentioned it to the front desk when we were rifled out of bed at 3 a. m, and had to go down to the lobby in our pajamas after a false fire alarm...what timing...just as I was finally getting to sleep! Murphy's Law,I guess.