My huband, son and I have spent many vacations at Dunes Manor Hotel. We always loved it. Unfortunately, things have changed since the original owner has passed on. She was a lovely woman who wanted every detail tended to. She would even greet guests during the daily Tea Time. Well, now she must be rolling over in her grave. Our last stay there was summer 2011 and was a huge disappointment. Room was not clean and in desperate need of repairs in the shower and bathroom. Room looked dingey as did other areas of the hotel. Furiture looked old and dingey. People who are giving it good reviews probably did not stay there in it's hay day. It used to be so much nicer and the staff used to be wonderful. The staff last summer was either rude or appeared uninterested in their jobs. I had a friend who also stayed there last summer and she agreed that the hotel is definitely in need of a good cleaning and new management. She had also stayed there when the owner was alive and agreed that things have really been let go. What a shame! I used to really love going there. Won't go back since I like a clean room. The location is great, the back porch is wonderful, but the rest is deteriorating. Managment, wake up! Bring this wonderful hotel back to it's original grandeur! Shame on you for ruining the original owner's dream. She wanted that hotel to represent the finest of everything. She wanted guests to be treated like guests. We had to leave our visit early due to an impending hurricane. We were not even notified that the hotel was asking people to vacate because of the storm. We found out this information quite by accident from another guest. The front desk insisted that they left us a voicemail, and treated me very rudely when I politely told them that there was no voicemail on my phone. They were not the least bit helpful and made me feel as though I was bothering them. I won't stay there again. These people need new management, manners, an attitude adjustment and some lessons in cleanliness. Does anyone know of a great place to stay in OC? Joanne T. from Binghamton, NY