When we first checked in, things seemed ok. We got to our room and noticed how hot it was. Looking at the thermostat, the room was at 75 degrees with the A/C set to 68. The room was muggy so we turned down the A/C. I played with the thermostat for a bit and found the fans do not really change strength. And, seeing as the room temp didn't feel like it was changing, I dropped the A/C down to 60 degrees to get the room cooler quicker... or so I thought! Hours later, the room temp finally dropped to 70 degrees! We had to keep the A/C cranked low in order to keep the room cool. Second, we ordered a smoking room. There was no ash tray, so we called the front desk. During that time, a large thunderstorm rolled in. A waterspout occurred a few blocks down. When we went out in the hall to see what the commotion was about, we saw a hotel staff member running down the hall to show others the waterspout. After he made his comment about how he didn't care, he lives miles from here and is leaving now, he began to walk back toward the elevators. We noticed he had an ash tray in his had and asked if that was for our room number. He said 'yea' and stood there at the end or the hall with his hand stuck out to us instead of walking it to us at our room door. Third, shortly after the waterspout hit, the hotel lost power. The generators kicked in (which were noisy) and the power in the room flicked back on.... for about a second. We then had to sit in a hot hotel room with no power, no word of whether we should move to another location due to this waterspout, nothing. In about an hour or more the power returned. After that, we decided to get dinner. We returned to the hotel and, at that time, noticed the room had only reached 70 degrees after having the A/C on for 3.5 hours. After feeling very disappointed in Ocean City itself, we decided to go try and relax in the hot tub and pool. While in the pool, a couple came to the locked pool door (which you need a room key to enter - for a reason!!!) and began knocking on the door wanting us to open it and let them in. They were obviously here for bike week (they knew some of the other bikers in the pool). They had to return to their room for their key. Upon entering the pool, the man gave us an attitude saying 'gee, thanks for opening the door for us'. I honestly don't care - the door has a lock for a reason- just use your darn key! Then, he pulls out a martini shaker to drink while in the indoor pool - with signs posted everywhere for no food or drink there! We went to the front seek and complained about his comment and attitude and about how he was drinking alcohol while in the pool.. they didn't seem to honestly care. We also looked into whether we could get a refund and leave this hotel and go back to Virginia Beach which was much more pleasent. The manager, Kyle, came out and COULD NOT look us in the eye while he told us he could not refund the pre-booked room. We called Holiday Inn's customer service line to question this and they said the hotel has the power to do it IF they choose to do so. Well, obviously $$$ here means more than customer service! I work in management - making the customer happy is your number one priority. Also, when you handle a complaint, you LOOK the customer in the eye to show them you understand their issue and problem and you sincerely want to help. Last, we realizes we forgot to put the parking permit back on our dashboard after dinner. Upon returning to our room in the elevator, 4 of the bikers here for the week were discussing whether or not they should have a foresome together that night. A real place to bring a family! I will NEVER return to Ocean City Maryland as I think it is tooc ommercialized and chaotic and I will NEVER recommend this hotel or, quite possibly, any other Holiday Inn hotel.