I needed a place to say because my house coudn't withstand the snowstorm that hit my area. After going through insurance, I needed a place to stay. Most hotels could only let me stay for a few days, because it was the off season. But I was pointed to the Holiday Inn. Check in was less than desired. I got a room on the 7th floor, and I had to bring all my stuff up to my room myself. That did wonders on my back. But when I got settled in, I found the room was pretty nice, it had a good view of the ocean, and the beds where comfortable. I placed my order for breakfast and went to bed. I woke up realizing that breakfast never came, and that they didn't even get my order. I complained to the front desk, and left to eat elsewhere. Later that day my toilet was clogged... they made me do the unclogging. That night I placed my order for breakfast early and went to bed. Same thing happened, order didn't go through. I went and complained, and they directed me towards their restaurant. The food was actually pretty good. They also closed their pool for a day to contaminate it. Though having a horrible vision problem, I thought the sign was just labeling the indoor pool, just like the signs labeling all the other amenities. I was in there for about 10 minutes before somebody came to get me out. I guess that was my fault, though. I did have time to notice they had a jacuzzi or something like that. If you're on business and you need a high speed internet, their advertised high speed internet reminds me of the horrible days of dialup, minus the actual dialing. And before you ask, no, there's no wifi, unless you're on the ground floor. In your room, you need an Ethernet cable. They'll give you one at the front desk, but if you use a desktop PC or a gaming console, you'll probably have to go out and buy something long enough, there 4 foot chords don't cut it. There's also an HD TV... but as far as I can tell, all they have is basic cable, and a DVD player. So... what's the point? So to sum it up, this place feels more like a fully furnished 2 room apartment (including the bathroom as one room) than an actual hotel... until you look at the prices. I'm not recommending this place to anyone unless you have no where else to go.