I have traveled extensively internationally and believe I have ample experience staying in many different types of hotels to offer this review of the Beekman Towers Hotel in New York City. I am not a particularly finicky traveler, and can tolerate many quirks and eccentricities of both new and older establishments in order to have a pleasurable experience. But the Beekman would need to make improvements before I could recommend this hotel. In fairness to the staff and management, I would like to point out the positives of the hotel first. The staff was warm, attentive, friendly ,helpful and professional. This included everyone from the front desk clerk, the bellman, the cleaning staff, the waiter at the restaurant and the limo driver. The location of the hotel is good and the view from the Top of the Tower restaurant is without question, splendid. The size of the suites are large for New York. The mattress on the bed was very comfortable. The kitchen was a plus. The negatives of the hotel, however, made for an unsatisfactory stay and I hope the management will take notes to make improvements. This hotel has all the potential to be a gem but the flaws overwhelm the potential and in my opinion, are the kinds of problems that can ruin a hotel and a reputation. The first room I refused, something that I have never done in all my years of travel. This was because the room was dingy and the carpeting was literally coming up in numerous areas. The overall look was dreadful and depressing. Having stayed in many hotels in NYC, I was stunned at what was offered compared to the photo on the website. The front desk receptionist kindly changed my room but there were still issues with the upgrade . I could not disrupt my schedule to look for other accommodations, so I stayed the duration of three nights. Some of the issues could be overlooked--like the scratchy towels, the lack of supplies considered the norm , the runs and frays and stains of the carpeting, the multiple (and large) scratches and stains on the furniture , the aged and yellowing wallpaper, the bargain basement shower curtain, and the absence of the scheduled 5:30 a.m. wake-up call for a flight that needed to be caught. Those problems, many cosmetic in nature, were not to the standard one would expect of similarly- priced hotels in NYC, but could have been tolerated. What was found to be unacceptable, by any standard, was the mildew on the shower tiles, the dusty and broken mini-blind in the bathroom, the mildew and stain on the shower curtain, and the thick layer of dust on the floor between the tub and the vanity. For these, there is no acceptable excuse. Additionally, the pull-out sleeper sofa was un-usable and cigarette smoke wafted in from a neighboring room and filled the living room with sickening air at night. Travelers need to be forewarned about these problems because some are health concerns. Basic cleanliness is imperative in the hospitality industry and I am hoping that management will address these concerns so that other travelers will not experience similar problems and disappointment.