Im not really sure how to rate the Beekman Tower Hotel, because there were things about it I likedand the things that detracted from our stay may not bother other guests. First things first: the hotel's just north of the UN and yes, there is a bit of a walk to the 51st Street subway. But the M15 goes along 2nd Avenue (inbound) and 1st Avenue (outbound), which was a big timesaver. There isnt a heck of lot right in the immediate vicinity  its mostly residential  but it was quiet. We did not make it up to the 26th floor for a drink, but the view from our 21st floor suite was pretty cool. I booked the hotel for two nights after finding a Travelzoo special ($179 for a studio queen) and it was quite a deal  a roughly 400 sq.ft. space with a separate, full kitchenette (including a dishwasher, stove, wine glasses, etc.), dining area, bedroom, and private bath. Theres a convenience store across the street for breakfast fixings; the hotel provides the free NY Times each day for your lingering-over-coffee enjoyment. So what's the problem? Well, I have an allergy to dust mites and havent had a flare-up for over a year. I've since stayed in hotels without incident but for each of the two nights at Beekman, my symptoms kept me awake and unable to sleep. On my second night, NyQuil knocked me out for five hours, but that was about it. I woke up again with the same symptoms. Also, our room was just too warm and the fan/cooler function wasnt working. We alerted the front desk to this and the concierge left a message with the maintenance staff, but as far as I know, this remained unfixed during our stay. Once we found that the windows opened, though, we got around the problem that way  we left one window open about 4 inches during the day, kept it open during the night and things were better. I did not have this issue before going to NYC which leads me to suspect that perhaps the room was not as clean as it looked on the surface. Im reluctant to say that because I could be very wrong and what I experienced was a flukethe bed linens certainly _looked_ clean, but Im at a loss to explain why my symptoms flared up when they did. (They subsided when we returned home.) Perhaps the sheets were fine but the mattress was too old  my husband complained of a sag on his side. I know that hotel rooms are never fully clean and it's caveat emptor. But it's too bad because otherwise this is a very good value for NYC. YMMV.