The Beekman was our major "spend" for a week in NY, we chose to spend a few nights out in Queens to save money, and finish off the week with a couple of nights in the supposedly nice Beekman Hotel on Manhattan. We booked a stay in the Beekman via an online booking agent, which is where our problems began. The booking had been cancelled by the Beekman due to payment not getting made as of our time of check-in by the booking agent. Not their problem I guess, but the manager we spoke to had to be the rudest person I met in NY all week - we were obviously in a spot of bother, and the best she could offer us was a different (lesser) room, which would have been OK, except she insisted on charging us UPFRONT for the full room rate, plus some. As finding a room at such late notice in NY is next to impossible, we were forced into taking this room. When I tried to reason with the manager regarding the price, suggesting that the rate they were supposed to have been paid by the agent (and which we had booked at) was approximately half of this value, she refused to cooperate. Her perogative I guess, but a terrible attitude in general. The room itself was indeed massive (I think it was one of their "studios"), but it was in a different building, with no porter service offered. The room was in a fairly decrepit state (possibly why it was still empty), and not clean enough by any stretch. The sheets on the bed were also threadbare and rough, which is not what you expect when paying over US$450 per night! The only good thing was access to a (very old and broken) kitchentte, and the minimal street noise we were subject to due to our location - necessary as we needed to have the windows open for ventilation as there was no cooling or heating to speak of! Overall, I would not be recommending this hotel to anyone - if you book a few months in advance, you can get a lot nicer in Manhattan for less money. I could have forgiven some of the failings if it weren't for the most obnoxious management I have ever come across - if the hotel wants to accept business from agents, then they should be more accomdating to problems such as we had, rather than viewing them as a means to double their money.