I booked a suite at the Beekman to use to get ready for my wedding and as the hotel for our wedding night. I had visited the hotel before booking to check out the suites and they seemed nice, although I was obviously shown the nicest suite they have, but booked into a subpar room. I booked a Queen Suite through Quikbook. Upon my arrival, they directed me to an entrance down the street - not exactly what I had expected. Then the keys didn't work. With my wedding dress and flowers in tow, it was obvious that I was there for my wedding, and this room wouldn't do. John the bellman quickly took care of getting me a suite in the main building, and he was very pleasant and helpful with getting all of my stuff into the room. The suite was much smaller than I expected. It was also very warm - the AC was not working as well as it should. This became very obvious when my bridal party, hairdresser and makeup person came over and we were all sweating, especially now that the suite was more crowded. We had to open the windows to cool the place off. The day of my wedding was in the 60s and fairly humid. I returned to the room after the wedding to find the AC had been turned off, and the heat cranked up high! It was unbearably hot (and killed any wedding night romance!). The staff promised us a portable air conditioner which never arrived. We had to make do with a fan. We got no sleep and ended up checking out very early. It was very disappointing, as we were looking forward to having a romantic morning with breakfast in bed. The room was very outdated and needs renovations, especially when they are charging $300 a night. There were also no utensils provided in the kitchen - I had to run to the deli to get some plastic knives and forks. Also, room service will not provide wine or champagne - I had to run to a liquor store to get some celebratory champagne. I'm from NYC and I didn't mind the location, though some may be off-put by being in a more residential area. The M50/M27 crosstown bus is just across the street, which can connect you to most tourist areas or subway stops to get you around town. All in all, I was very disappointed with the Beekman. The heat was unbearable, and I didn't get any special treatment after I told them I was there for my wedding - a bottle of champagne or flowers would have been a nice touch.