Not the best of the Omnis Just returned from a 4-night stay. I've been a Select Guest member for 4 years, and have stayed in several Omni hotels throughout the country. This was by far the least attractive and least comfortable. My chief complaint is the misleading room photos on the Omni hotel website for this location, showing Superior rooms that bear absolutely NO resemblance to the room you will get. The Omni website for the Berkshire Hotel described the Superior room (upgrade from the Deluxe) as a larger, brighter room facing 52nd Street and showed photographs of a very attractive, good-sized, richly decorated room with gleaming appointments. Based on this information, I booked a Superior Double Double for two adults and two children via the Omni website. As we were arriving late, I checked in ahead of time via their email early check-in service to guarantee our room. When my family of 4 arrived at 10pm, we were ushered back into a dank, dismal corner of the hotel and opened the door to find we had been given one of their smallest rooms, with a view of a dark and dirty interior alleyway. My heart actually sank - I felt it. What a disappointment! I immediately picked up the phone to ring the front desk, and surprise -- the phone was broken. From the bathroom phone I inquired why we were not given a Superior room, when that was what we had pad for. The front desk's response was that we were indeed in what they classify as a superior room' (??? How? it was the smallest room in the hotel with an alley view!) but she agreed to move us to another Superior Room with more space. We moved to a slightly larger room on the south-facing side of the hotel, so it wasn't so dark, but the decor was absolutely the same as the first -- old, worn, off-kilter, and depressing. Being so tired, we stayed there and tried to make the best of it, but it's no fun feeling like you want to do anything to keep away from returning to your $550 hotel room! On the bright side, the concierges were universally friendly and helpful, as were the housekeeping staff. The doormen, however, would sooner let a lady open the heavy doors by herself on too many occasions.I've noticed the management replies to most reviews here with a boilerplate rubber stamp response. Very unprofessional, and telling. I will definitely NOT stay here again - there are dozens and dozens of better properties in this price range.