Very disorganized Our company booked a business meeting at the Omni in New York. The Omni is on a fantastic location in midtown manhattan. It's a boutique hotel on the upper price bracket and rated an exclusive 4 star and the room rates are quite steep. The hotel lobby is clean and pleasant. The front office staff are friendly.But the hotel is extremely poorly organized and probably the most unorganized hotel I have ever stayed at.We had booked a double room with two separate beds, to be shared by two employees. On check-in I was a bit disappointed to find that the double beds we had reserved were not available. Instead we had to get an extra bed to the room, or the only option share a single kingsize bed (!) which in actuality looked more like a single queensized bed. From then on the hotel organization only got worse: the other employee had arrived earlier but was not allowed a room key. He was left waiting for 4 hours although his name was added onto the room reservation. Needless to say he was not happy.Our preparations for the meeting started very early the following morning so we had put a notice 18 hours in advance to have breakfast served in the room since there was no time for us to have it in the restaurant. Breakfast never showed up and they had not even picked up the breakfast menu that we had to hang on the door. At the actual business center things did not get better organized. Our instructions with requirements for the meeting weeks prior seemed to have been ignored. Everything from seating numbers to arrangements had no resemblence to what had been discussed with the hotel. When we again went through the details with someone on the phone, I was given exaggerated excuses where they were defensive and put the blame on us (This offended us. All they had to do was review records of our prior communications where everything was plain and clear). We were told they could not make further changes as it was now in the last minute. We were paying several thousand dollars for hall and breaks on rates beyond the normal in other parts of the country. Finally, on our insistance, they rearranged the set-up to what we had initially requested.During our pre-preparations we ran into more problems and confusions on their arrangements; meeting timings were wrong in announcements, equipment we had rented did not show up and we got notified just minutes before the meeting. The hall space was so cramped the attendees could not walk properly in the isle to get out of the hall but had to move tables although we had been told the hall could accommodate far more people than our meeting numbers (this was not true at all). The duty staff for that day, were polite and did try their best to help and get things sorted out which was the only reason we could handle the situation without getting angry. One hotel staff who had only introduce himself to us in the morning but done no other preparations for us, had the courage to tell us in the afternoon he was 'leaving for the day' (a polite indication to give tip), but we saw him run about the hotel for another few hours after that. Needless to say, we paid a lot of money for the setup already and the hotel did a very poor job in justifying the charges. For this reason and all the last minute stress added onto us, we did not feel inspired to tip staff for meeting arrangements.I do feel the Omni is a good hotel for normal tourist stays, perhaps not to hold a meeting in. The 4 star rating and room rates seem a bit steep for what you get, but the hotel is clean, location superb, the staff in general are friendly and helpful and they do try to correct the poor management and organization the hotel seem to suffer from. If room rates were lower I would stay at the Omni again as a visitor. But holding future meetings? NO!