not a happy customer. I had the exact same problem with the hotel that a previous reviewer had. I was sent an e-mail on May 17th for a special that Omni hotels were offering. It was reserve one night get the 2nd night free. I booked it that same evening and was sent a confirmation e-mail immediately with the rate of $230.00 for the first night and $0.00 for the 2nd night. About 2 nights before my scheduled arrival I received a call from someone at the Omni Berkshire confirming my reservation, and I again stated that we had the special rate of one night free and he said ok, but something in his voice seemed suspicious. So the next day I checked my reservation throught the website and it had been changed. It now said $230.00 at two nights with nothing about the second night being free. I was furious and immediately phoned reservations and asked them why my reservation has been changed. She said it was still showing up in her system that my rate was at $230.00 the first night with them 2nd one free. I questioned her on why on my computer the reservations is not showong up like that, and she said that not to worry the reservations always look like that, but in their system it shows up as the special rate. I told her about the suspicious phone call I had received the previous day and I told her I really hope when I arrive with my family tomorrow I will not have any hassles about this. She said, don't worry everything is all set! We arrived at the hotel the next day and I right away said to the front desk clerk. I am making sure that the rate is correct and we have the 2nd night free. She said oh no I am sorry we don't know anything about a special that offers one night free. I luckily had printed every single confirmation and the special offer that I received and showed them to her. She said she didn't think she could do anything about it, but would speak to her manager. We had heard nothing as of 7:00pm that evening, so my husband went down to the front desk and demanded to speak to a manager. She finally came and did appologize and said they would honor the special since we had every copy and proof that we had reserved this special rate. Other issues we had were they did not tell us that their restaraunt was closed due to renovations (they placed a small note in our hotel room). We had arranged late checkout for the day we were leaving, but they failed to tell us that if you stay longer then regular checkout you will be charged an additional $30.00 for valet parking. This was our 2nd time staying at the Omni Berkshire, but unfortunetely it will be our last.