Great Hotel, Bad Business Practices! Recieved an email from Omni on May 17 for a special stay one night, get the second night complimentary promotion. The promotion was booked through the Omni website, and I got a confirmation from the Omni Hotel for one night, and the second night complimentary. Called the hotel that night to verify the rate, and was told the rate was good-one night at $287.10 and the second night was complimentary. Called back again on May 21 and spoke with Marisol who again verified the confirmed rate and reservation. Called again on May 25 and spoke with Tony who also verified the confirmed rate and reservation. When I checked in with my family on May 26th, I AGAIN verified the confirmed rate with the clerk who checked us in. He verified the rate of 287.10 for one night with the second night complimentary. We checked in and had a wonderful time in NYC.The morning we checked out, we recieved a bill that charged us 287.10 for EACH night we stayed (we stayed 2 nights). I immediately questioned this with the front desk, who said someone would call me back. No one did, so I went to the front desk, only to be handed off to Chat, the Assistant Front Office Manager. Chat showed me her paperwork which verified the confiirmed rate and complimentary night, but said she needed to check it in the system, which was down. SHe promised to call me on May 31, but didn't. I called her, and she told me she hadn't had a chance to research it yet. I called again June 1 (since the 2 nights has already showed up on my statement), and she referred me to Catherine, the Omni Revenue Officer. Catherine tried to insist I didn't make the reservation through their website, and then tried in say that the front desk clerk told me the 287.10 was for each night. I told her the clerk said no such thing, and that my husband was standing right there and heard it. I also pointed out the 4 times that the confirmed rate and reservations were checked and verified. She said she would get back to me.In short, I feel a bait and switch has occurred here, and I will be taking this up with their coprorate offices. BE AWARE to keep all your copies and makes notes of who you spoke to and when. It may come in handy.