Disappointment We have stayed at other Omni hotels and have always had a terrific experience. This was not the case at the Omni Berkshire. The good: Arrival and check-in were a breeze. Nice, clean rooms. Also, the concierge could not have been nicer. He directed us to a great place to grab a bite, and also gave us directions for the subway. The bad: The first morning we had the complimentary morning beverage service (a benefit of being a Select Guest member) delivered to our room. We checked off knock and leave at door. The person who delivered it proceeded to knock and yell for us thru the door. Mind you, we had a do not disturb sign on the door and we were still asleep. This went on for a few minutes, even after we asked him to just leave it by the door. We have never had problems with this service at other Omni's we have stayed at, so I am confused as to why other Omni's can deliver the service discreetely and the Omni Berkshire had to rouse us from our sleep. Later on we left our room, but put the do not disturb sign on the door. Upon our return we discovered that someone had come into the room. Granted they made the bed and left us toiletries and fresh towels in the bathroom, but my question is why would they come in if there was a sign on the door that said do not disturb? How did they know that no one was in the room? How did they know that someone wasn't in there sleeping or taking a shower, etc? Again, this has never been a problem at any other Omni's we have stayed at. We also noticed that the person who came into the room put the do not disturb sign back on the inside of the room. The next morning we had the complimentary morning beverage service delivered to our room again. This time they knocked once and dropped it off. 45 minutes later someone came to the door and knocked and yelled through the door to see if we were done with the service. Mind you, we still had a do not disturb sign on the door. What part of do not disturb does the Omni Berkshire not understand? It is ridiculous how a simple request as to not be disturbed could not be acknowleged. Then to top things off when we called the front desk for a late check out time the person who answered the phone blunty and quite rudely asked us Do you really need until 5pm? The room rate we purchased and our privledges as a Select Guest allows us a late check out until 5pm. We were appalled at the utter lack of common courtesy that was extended to us. The Omni Berkshire puts the Omni Hotel chain to shame.