Smelly, surly, clean, don't understand the hype I spend 6-8 weeks a year in New York City, mostly for business but sometimes for pleasure, and have tried numerous hotels rated on Trip Advisor, usually with excellent results. I will not come back to Hotel Casablanca.Although the hotel has some nice amenities (that they are proud of) such as wine and cheese from 5-8 pm, that didn't make up for the lack of security, and the horrible, horrible sausage smell in our room. Yes, sausage. I was also sorely disappointed with the level of professionalism and service from the front desk staff.Security first, as that is a more specific and tangible concern. There is usually just one person behind the front desk, and when we walked in at 11:00 PM on Sunday evening (no doorman, except once during the three days and two nights we were there) he didn't even look up from whatever he was doing and only greeted us when we were already up the stairs. This is in Times Square - literally, in the square. It is so crowded and it just felt like anyone could walk right in. The room we stayed in had only one deadbolt and no chain - and although it's a nice place, I found that strange. There are two doors to enter the hotel, and no one opened them for us, ever.When we checked in, the clerk offered to upgrade us from a full size room to a queen, noting that we had requested fragrance and feather-free. Although he offered to upgrade, and we accepted, there was no upgrade: the room was actually a full size bed. And alas, while clean and spacious for a NYC hotel room (and I have stayed in many) reeked of sausage when we first opened the door. Each time we returned to the room, we were assaulted with the smells. I attribute the odor to the window unit air conditioner and the proximity of restaurants. When I first went down to ask to change the room, the clerk did not apologize, said there was no room to change us to, and handed me a can of air freshener. I told him that we were trying to avoid chemicals, and that using air freshener would just make the room smell like chemicals and sausage. Even carnivores would be nauseated by clothing, hair, and bedding saturated with pork smells.The next day I told them again how unpleasant it was, and they told me that the manager wasn't there, but he would be. Finally, John the manager came in at 9 am, and suddently, magically, there was a room available. He at first offered to reduce the room rate, but when he moved us into a suite, withdrew that offer. The suite did not smell like sausage, but by the time we were in it, we were so grossed out, it was not worth it. We regretted ever coming to the Casablanca. When we discovered the DVD remote didn't work, and that it was ancient and apparently not exchangable, the front desk guy came up and tried to help, but told us that he would have to replace the DVD player. As it was 11 pm, we told him that it would have to be tomorrow.A last note on the staff: they were proud of their designation on this site as one of the best in the city. However, they were not happy, and did not hesitate to express their feelings. One guy behind the desk (mentioning no names as not to get him into trouble) seemed clinically depressed and shared his feelings of malaise about New York with us.Overall, I am disattisfied with the level of customer service (casual to the extreme) and the lack of concern the staff had. Once we complained twice more about the sausage, we were told that everyone on our side of the building was having trouble with the smell. No one has ever complained about this before? I asked. Never! This is the first time!This hotel is immaculately clean - the wine and cheese time generous - but it's not worth it.(After writing this, I cancelled another reservation I had on the website. Luckily, I kept the cancellation information. Last month, as I was happily ensconced in the West 11th Townhouse (great place!) I got a call from the hotel asking me why I had not arrived for my nine day reservation. It took a bit of back and forth - I forwarded my cancellation email to them - but finally they saw that I had cancelled. They did not charge my card in advance, thankfully.)