Not a peaceful haven by any means We stayed here over the weekend 5-9 September and were, to be frank, slightly disappointed but not surprised, having read some of the more objective reviews here and on other sites. Yes the hotel is conveniently located but it's far from peaceful. Although we were upgraded to a King Suite this was street facing and incredibly noisy so be warned if you get a room at the front it will not be an Oasis, there are construction sites more or less opposite where they work all night and the traffic is incessant - on the plus side the air conditioning units are so loud they will drown out any external noise. The rooms are not soundproof as they advertise, but our room was spacious, very clean and comfortable. however we had virtually no sleep for 4 nights. As others have said, Rick's Cafe is very nice but lacks enough tables for breakfast, there are only 4 (not really enough for 48 rooms) where you can sit normally otherwise you need to have your breakfast sitting on settees or low chairs or get down early before the business people with their laptops monopolise these tables. The wine and cheese in the evening and all day pastries and drinks are a welcome touch and the staff in there are kind and polite. I'd also echo some others comments about the reception staff, helpful - to a point but not overly so.We ate in the associated Toni di Napoli restaurant one night but unless you and your partner(s) want the same dish avoid it; they only serve (indifferent) food for 2 or 3 people, they wouldn't even prepare a single side salad ?it's basically a family fast-food place with abrasive staff. Walk a few blocks and there are much better places to eat. All in all, $2000 dollars (including taxes) for 4 nights at a standard room rate even though we were upgraded, isn't value for money in this hotel and I'm sure as others have stated there are probably much better options. The minus points outweigh any good points and we wouldn't return. Read all Trip Advisor comments about this hotel - it's easy to get carried away with the effusive eaceful Haven?impression that some convey.