noone mentioned the construction work....! After reading the glowing reviews on this website - I booked, in March, for a four night stay in the Casablanca over a weekend in early June. Booking was made through Expedia and a quiet room with king size bed was requested. On arrival we were shown to a nice room on the sixth floor with a large bathroom. All seemed fine. However, on the first night (a thursday)- despite being sound asleep, we were woken at around 2am by very noisy construction work and the incessant noise of beepers from lorries reversing. It was so loud that we were not able to get back to sleep. I phoned the front desk to find out if this work/noise would continue over the weekend and were told that they didn't know. Feeling slightly tired the following day- we carried on and fell into a deep sleep on the friday night around 10.30pm. At 1am we were once again woken by the same building noise at the same volume as the previous night. Completely exhausted and frustrated, I went down to the front desk to ask if we could be moved. The hotel was full and there was nowhere we could go. We were given earplugs. The following morning we were really fed up and were planning on moving to another hotel. We were advised by the doorman to ask at the front desk and were told this time that several guests were leaving on the saturday and we could be moved to another room later that day. The room that we were moved to was round the back of the hotel and was completely quiet. We slept brilliantly the next 2 nights. Had we got this room for the full 4 nights I too would have had nothing but good things to say about this hotel but the first 2 nights of construction noise really spoiled our stay. Despite having slept well on the saturday night, the two sleepless nights caught up with us on the Sunday - and although we had planned to see a matinee show, we were utterly knackered and had to come back to the hotel for a snooze which was such a waste of an afternoon in New York. I agree that location is good; staff very nice; and Ricks Bar is good (especially when you are awake at 2am and want a hot drink!) but I would urge anyone going over the next few weeks to enquire about the construction work that is taking place across the road from the hotel. No problems if you are a very sound sleeper but otherwise it is likely to wake you up if you are in a room facing the road.