Boutique: A small company that provides highly specialized goods or services. Well, the Marrakech Hotel is highly specialized in stairs, uncontrollable heating and cooling and tiny rooms--even by NYC standards. I booked the room as a "Top Secret" on Travelocity, which is another story--stick with Priceline or Hotwire. The only big plus for this property is that it is directly across the corner from the 103rd Street stop on the #1 subway line, making access to where you really want to be in Manhattan very convenient. The neighborhood is decent, and there is a selection of decent restaurants withing a one block walk, as is a very well stocked grocery store. The lobby is one flight of stairs up from the street, and rooms are on that floor and four more above that--all without elevators. The first room we were assigned was at the back of the building. When we walked in, the heat was overwhelming--as in hotter than any Swedish sauna I've ever been in--and the window was wide open in December. We were told that it was central steam heat and that there was nothing to be done, except turn on the a/c. The room was furnished with a queen bed, which I gave a quick inspection for bed bugs (no evidence of infestation), and a cheap set of shelving. Not acceptable. A brief interview with the manager at the front desk got us moved to another room at the front (Broadway) side of the building which seems to be on a different heating system. This room was slightly larger, and the bathroom was almost double the size of the first room. And while we still had no direct control over the heat, other than opening and closing the window, it was at least habitable. Checked the bed for bedbugs...again no signs of infestation. Both rooms were at least clean on the surface, and the beds were both apparently relatively new, and comfortable. The heating system in our room started banging and clanging in the middle of the night for no apparent reason...it sounded like an old move of prisoners beating their tin cups against the jail cell bars. The shower was an adventure. The line between scalding and ice water was very delicate. Move the knob a hair too far either way, and you get one or the other. The hotel offers essentially no services other than the rooms. The lobby bar is closed, there is no food in the hotel. They do have porters to help with baggage, and they will also bring ice to your room. The front desk staff and the porters are all friendly and helpful, and clearly have great skill in dealing with surprised and disappointed customers. Bottom line. It's relatively clean and the bed is relatively comfortable. That said, for a few dollars more you can do a lot better.