OK, I got this hotel off of Priceline and really wanted to prove a lot of these reviews wrong. So, I'll start with the positive stuff. It's clean enough for a few nights. The mattress is firm and there are no bugs or mice as previously stated. Housekeeping made by bed and the location is great - the 1 train is across the street and there's a Starbucks downstairs. The stairs weren't bad for me - I was on the floor of the lobby which is 23 steps from the street. For New York prices, the beer selection is scant but decently priced. Here's the negative stuff. First I'll start with the stuff I know they can't change. The rooms are small. You know that small room in your home that you don't know what to do with so you leave it for boxes and "stuff"? That's your hotel room. There's no thermostat heat. You get a floor heater - I assume it's a plumbing issue with a historic building. The hot water is sporadic. At one point in my shower, I would be scalded and in a matter of seconds, it became luke warm. Now the stuff that needs to change. I get that people need jobs - however, I don't like that the college students who work here are allowed to play their music rather loudly at all hours of the night. I arrived extremely late due to flight delays and had to ask AT 1 AM for them to turn down the music. Now, it's almost 11pm on my second night and I'll have to ask AGAIN for the music to be turned down. I know people want to enjoy themselves, but I have a room and need sleep. That's what hotels are for! The language. While hanging out in the lounge, one coworker decided he needed to let ALL of us know what he thought about another coworker. As I'm writing this, I can hear them all talking about what they're doing tonight after their shifts outside of my door. The young lady, while very nice, has a voice that carries. And she's not a quiet person. I understand that I'm next to the lobby and conversation happens - perhaps a door needs to be set up to separate the party goers from those of us who are here truly just for a place to sleep. This is ridiculous. In conclusion, do yourself and your thighs a favor and get a room far from the lobby if you have to stay here. Deal with the dark decoration (it's a Moroccan-themed hotel) and don't expect much. And certainly don't pay full price. It's not worth it. The rooms are small, but this is New York City - everything is small. If past reviews have been any indication, the general manager will read this and post a message apologizing. I really do appreciate that this is being done, but I don't want to stay here again, I don't want to talk to the general manager the next time I'm in town. I want to forget that I was here and that I had to deal with the college kids outside my door throwing a party in the lounge. Oh yes, please make sure that Tv's have remotes. I can't recommend this place to tourists. If you're used to noise and the hustle and bustle of the city, this place probably won't bother you. If you want to actually be in your room for more than a shower, spend a little more and go elsewhere.