I just spent six weeks travelling around the northeast of the USA...mainly NYC, Boston, Cape Cod and the islands and Connecticut. I stayed in hotels the entire trip. I stayed in this hotel on the final two nights of my trip, prior to returning to Europe. Here are the problems with this hotel, in a nutshell: 1) many websites lead you to believe that this hotel is close to Central Park and convenient. However, it is not. It is up by Columbia University, around 103rd Street. If you take a taxi from the hotel to mid-town (Times Square) it will easily cost you $15.; if you take the subway it will easily take you 45 minutes. 2) there's no elevator! From the minute you arrive at the hotel you must climb a large set of stairs just to reach the lobby and reception. Then, you must climb more sets of stairs to get to your room (in my case, 4 sets of stairs). again, there is NO elevator in the building. 3) this hotel is essentially an old, run-down apartment building that was given a coat of paint, and re-invented as a "boutique hotel". be advised: it's dark and gloomy and somewhat creepy. 4) there is no closet in the room. no hangers. no dresser. no drawers. so, that requires that you totally live out of your suitcase (which you have no choice but to leave on the floor, tucked under part of your bed, since the room is so small). 5) the bathroom was the smallest bathroom i've ever been in in my life. 6) there was one small window in my room which looked out onto a brick wall of another building. during the day the room is totally dark due to the closeness of this building - and yet there are only two lamps in the room with a single light bulb in each...so expect dark! 7) there is no internet available in the room. the website for the hotel states Internet Access. Internet Access is only available in the lobby and you must pay for it by the minute. There was always a wait to use one of the computers. 8) the Rates for this hotel are no bargain. you can easily stay in the center of midtown, in a nice hotel, for the same rate, or even less. My suggestion...do not stay here. The hotel's website totally misrepresents this hotel.