I was terrified to stay at this hotel because of the previous reviews about bed bugs. As part of an organised tour I was doing, I didn't have much of a choice. However, there were no bed bugs. I did get a bite on my stomach which stayed there for a few days, but since it was just the one I would probably put that down to something else. Our tour manager explained to us that the style of the hotel meant there were no elevators. I'm a reasonable person so I accepted his explanation but still found the no-elevator thing a real pain. Picture this: It's about 6.30am and it's raining and I'm five foot, weigh 45kilos, and i've got two large suitcases. Nobody was at the door so I attempted to start hauling my bags up the narrow stairs myself. Luckily, an older gentleman- a hotel guest, took pity on me and lugged them up for me. Here's the thing- if you're not going to have elevators at least have plenty of bellhops around. At one point there were about three or four of us all needing our bags to be bought up to our rooms. We all had to patiently wait as the one bellhop catered to each of us, one at a time. Also, I know America is all about the tipping but to have to pay to get my bags bought up- when I could have done it myself if there was an elevator, is kind of annoying. The rooms are fairly nice- I shared a twin. The bathroom was teeny tiny and the walls are paper thin, I could hear it when the people next to us took a shower. The beds were quite comfy and the pillows and sheets were soft. The maids came once a day. The lounge/lobby of the hotel is quite cosy as well, it has a little bar and some comfortable seating arrangements. There are also two computers with internet access, however you have to pay for them. I think it was about .20c a minute and you can pay with cash or credit card. It was the first hotel I had stayed in on my trip that didn't provide free access. The lobby also has a payphone and an ATM, however I found this particular ATM wouldn't let me withdraw more then $100- and this was not a problem with my credit card, as I was able to do it elsewhere. Odd. The cincher for my experience was a few weeks after I got back home and I emailed a friend of mine to jokingly remind her of some money of mine that she had been keeping for me, which we'd both forgotten about, so I never had it returned. I was gobsmacked though when she told me that she had actually given the money to the front desk, to ask them to pass it along to me when I checked out- which I obviously never recieved. It was only $20 but for a poor, travelling student it's a fairly significant amount. Thought it demonstrated poor service that it was never given back to me. All in all, the experience was okay - I was just relieved to not get the bed bugs. The neighbourhood is okay- it has some laundromats, some eateries and it's right next to the subway. Personally, I found it a bit far away from where I wanted to be - near the centre of town. But for anybody wishing to be a non-tourist, it's an okay neighbourhood. However, with the amount the Marrakech charge, I think you could find a much nicer place, for the same amount of money.