To put this review in context, my wife and I generally prefer to stay in small, "boutique" hotels and B&B's. You learn to expect some unique features in such accommodations...sometimes its part of the charm. In the case of the Marrakesh, however, the quirkiness was overwhelming. On our first night, for a cost of over $280, we were required to walk up five flights of narrow stairs, clutching our luggage, to reach a room (#86) without air conditioning and in fact without a closet, a bureau, or any other place to store or hang clothes. There was a ceiling fan and we were fortunate that was enough to be comfortable. When we complained the next morning to the staff, we were placed in a room on the same floor as the lobby bar. It had air conditioning, a bedside table with sufficient drawer space for underwear, and a collapsible wardrobe in which to hang clothes. However, the only sink and mirror was in a lightless corner of the bedroom, which transformed shaving and my wife's application of make-up into an adventure, and we still had to wrestle up and down a narrow staircase with the bags. On the positive side, the location on the rapidly redeveloping upper West Side is incredibly convenient --especially to Columbia University and Lincoln Center--and the front desk personnel are friendly and competent. They are overworked because they double as concierge and registration staff. The lobby bar is attractive, although it would be nice to find coffee somewhere--in the room or in the lobby--before venturing out in the morning. But the renovation of the rooms seems to have been performed without much thought. It was more a case of, "Let's stick some Ikea-type pieces in this room, and different furniture in that room," without focusing on what travellers actually need in even minimal accommodations. It was a good idea to convert what may have been either a delapidated apartment house or rooms for rent by the hour into a boutique hotel for the upper West Side. Unfortunately, the result is too quirky, too charmless and too costly for a return visit.