I visited New York with my motehr and 2 children and stayed at the Marrakech. I booked the reservations on line and was very excited about the chic hotel depicted on the web page. Based on the representation on line I thought I was getting a fair deal for the average $325 + tax /night, I was paying. When we arrive we entered a very cool second floor lobby via a very narrow walk up stairwell. The music was blaring and it was difficult to hear the lovely young woman as she checked us in. The disappointments came as we went to our room. The narrow hall was very poorly lit, the old rundown doors, trim and fixtures sported a very sloppy new pain job. Our room (#31) was directly over the font door with a window that would not close all of the way (making it impossible to quite the street noise) and the bright lights that illuminated the hotel flag in front of the building shown into our room. The only thing the air-conditioner was good for was creating white noise to cover the street noises from below. In the remodel Marrakech forgot to replace the carpet and bring the bathroom up to cleanliness standard expected for the price. The bathroom supported dirt and mildew in the calking that needed to be taken care of, the marble threshold kept popping off to reveal dirt about 20 years in the making, eek. The bathroom in our room was a polar opposite of the bathroom pictured on the web-page, it needed help. The single light in the room was from a bulb in a cheesy fan over head. When we requested a bedside lamp we discovered the outlet near the head of the bed did not work so we had to live with the fan light and could not read in the room. Better lighting would have made things look a little better and helped the room be more tolerable. The extra burn came when in the morning, we had to pay for the puny continental breakfast. With the low room quality a complimentary breakfast would have made me feel a little better but as things stood I felt a nicked and dimed. The upsides of the hotel were it's very helpful and polite staff, it's proximity to a subway station (steps away) a comfy mattress and down comforter and the number of other families staying there. If you stay at this hotel plan to eat breakfast 2 blocks away at the Metro Diner (same price as the continental of the hotel) fun great american soda fountain, or Picnic, an a al carte place a block away. Good luck.