After booking this Hotel online, I found the reviews on TripAdvisor and to be honest, I was very worried about staying there, but we had already paid our money and we could not afford 5 star in New York. We contacted the hotel by e mail and advised that we would be arriving late in the evening and they confirmed that they had our reservations and would be expecting us late. When we arrived, two of the rooms that we had booked had problems, but it was all sorted out the following day, one of the rooms being upgraded for no extra charge. The rooms we had were clean, bed linen was of high quality, bathrooms were very small, didn't have a cat with us so couldn't test the theory of swinging one! The lack of bedroom furniture was a bit of an irritation, we had to live out of our suitcases all week as we were unable to unpack, but it made throwing everything back in very quick when we left. Another irritation was there were no bedside lights, so if you read in bed, you had to get out to turn the light off. There was a flat screen TV in the room and a coffee maker, the rooms were cleaned every day and new towels were provided. All the staff were very pleasant, helpful and courteous, whenever we had a query or wanted information, they were only too pleased to help us. They recommended places to eat that were within walking distance and we tried them all. The hotel is right next to a metro station, so although it is a long way uptown, it is very convenient for travelling. We bought metro cards for $24 and used them every day. It was the best way to travel as while we were there, the temperatures were below freezing every day and we needed to duck into the metro to get warm while we were out sightseeing. The hotel was fairly noisy, but it was the guests that were making the noise! TV left on all night and very noisy activities from some guests! Not a bad stay overall, ti made a good base for sightseeing, but we probably won't go back, the next time, we will stay with relatives as there will be fewer of us travelling together.