I offered Boston College football tickets to my boyfriend for his birthday. We flew from Montreal, Canada, to watch the game. When I booked the trip I figure we would easily find a hotel in Boston in October... I did not know that it was the weekend for the regatta Head of the Charles with thousands of people coming from all over the world to compete. The accommodation prices were crazy high and we had to settle for a $295 A NIGHT for The Hotel at Boston Garden which is in reality simply a Holiday Inn Express. The hotel is situated in what looks like a very quiet street just across Boston Garden where the Boston Bruins and Celtics play. It is also just across a train station, the North Station, which is nice when you want to visit and use the very old subway. The room (415) was a corner room which seemed nice at first, (4 windows, nice couch, flat screen tv, lots of light) was more like posing as a suite with a kitchenette (mini fridge - not minibar - kitchen sink, microwave, kitchen cabinets) but in fact the cabinets were totally empty, we could not even find or get a regular glass. But the beds were clean and very comfortable and the bathroom facilities were ok. We figured, it's gonna be fine.... Until the night comes..... The very quiet street has in fact many bars, clubs and sports bars. On the Saturday night, between 1:30 to 2:30 a.m., it was literally impossible to sleep since everybody was exiting the bars and having lots of fun discussing it on the street. There was no noise isolation at all... And alcohol being involved, it quickly became fights, people yelling at each other, calling names and using the F word... Classy... I know, you would say, it was a game night. Its probably not like that every night... Well, on the night before on Friday, the Bruins were not playing and we had even worst fights at 1:00 and 2:00 a.m. At one point, the fight was so intense, I thought we would hear gun shots... So, if you are a light sleeper... or a nervous sleeper, forget about this place and invest a little bit more to sleep in Beacon Hill where it actually seemed nice, romantic and... quiet! However, if you are a hockey fan who likes to party, this is the place for you!