My husband went down to San Diego for a convention. We decided that myself and son would come down a few days later to enjoy the weekend in San Diego and take our son to Legoland. I am a Travel Agent. I do my research on hotels very thoroughly. I have been in this business long enough to know that there are some times where bad things happen, and one review is just one review. I am hoping that our experience was just a fluke and won't happen again. But we were HUGHLY disappointed in the Westin San Diego. Enough to know that I will not be staying there again and I will not put any clients there! I did like the location. Very close to a lot of things. If you are looking for a nice family place, I'm not sure this is the place for you. The pool is small. Only goes to 4 feet. Our son could spend all day in the pool if we were to let him, so the 4 ft pool was a little disappointing for him, but is something we can deal with. Not a big deal for me. Rooms were nice. Our room had a pocket door that separated the tub & toilet from the sink and the rest of the room. I noticed that the pocket door was only half painted. Like when someone went to repaint the room, they didn't bother to take the pocket door off the hooks and paint it fully. They didn't even bother to shut the door all the way. So there was a good 2 inch spot on the right side of the door that was a completely different color. A few times, our room wasn't made up until we were on our way to dinner. The thing that topped it off was on our last night, Saturday night. We had gone to Legoland, spent the day there. Came back and had a bad dinner at one of the local restaurants. We were tired, cranky and wanted to just get a good nights sleep. Came back to our room at 10:30pm. We noticed that the room right next to us had the door cracked and there was a party going on. At 10:45pm, my husband called down to security and told them about the noise. Security came up and told them to quiet down. We fell asleep until about 3:30am, when something woke all of us up. It was the banging of doors as people went in and out of the door and into the East Stair Way. They were SMOKING in the stairway! In a NON-Smoking Hotel!!! Again, we called to Security. In the morning, we went down to talk to them about our bill. They charged us $20's more than the rate we thought we were getting because my husband added me onto the room. Ok ... even though I wasn't there the whole time, we decided to pick our battles and just pay the extra $100's that we weren't expecting the room total to be that much. My husband also brought up about the 2 times that we called security to have them come take care of the party next door. Not necessarily to get compensation but just to bring it to their attention that we did not pay $200's a night to stay at a nice hotel to hear a party and smell smoke all night long! That is when the little customer service that we already had been dealing with went out the window. They started to say that there was NO record of any noise complaints all night. We were just dealing with one of the girls at the front desk. She kept going back to ask her manager what to do. The manager approved her to take $40's off our bill (very nice and we would have been happy with just that) and as she did that, she completely IGNORED my husband as he asked her other questions. Wouldn't even look at him  dead stare at the screen. My husband then asked for the manager on duty. The manager came out and proceeded to argue with us that because there was no reports on the security log that we were lying. My husband even told the manager the conversation the security guard had with the people in the room next door, and that he should be able to track the phone calls that came from our room to security. The manager said there was no way he would be able to do that. But then went to get his business card and was gone quite a long time. When the manager came back out, he did offer to comp our room for the one night and then even offered us breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby. That was nice and is very appreciated but I thought very sad that we had to go thru that whole ordeal. We were not staying at a Motel 6 but we have had better service at one. We paid $200's per night for our room and we expect to get a $200 a night service. I don't believe that we got it at all. Also, the manager did state that the hotel noise policy is that the 1st time security is called for noise, that is the final warning. If it happens again, everyone is supposed to be kicked out. And they are in complete violation for smoking in the stairway. (We do have photos of the cigarette butts in the stair way also.) Obviously that didn't happen. Someone screwed up. Someone didn't do his or her job.