I was traveling to San Diego for business, and the hotel that was holding the event I covered (photography) had already booked all the rooms available at their promotional rates, which were still $100 higher than the Westin. I'd heard good things about the Westin chain and decided I'd give it a try. I find it difficult to believe that there are that many hotels around that don't have enough parking to accommodate their guests. Every night I got a different story upon returning from a long day's work. The first night was normal, arrived back at the hotel, self parked and that was that (keep in mind when booking, you'll be paying $24 a day to self park). The next night I came back and the gate to the self parking was closed. I pulled up to the valet area and asked if it was full, and they said no, there are just certain days of the week that the gate closes automatically at night (the building is shared with other businesses). They had someone go over and open the gate, done deal. The next night, same story with the gate. I pulled up to valet and the guy looked at me like he had no idea what I was talking about. I asked if the lot was full and he said yeah. I said that I had a bunch of equipment I needed to unload, could I just pull down to the elevators and unload it / take it up to my room? He said sure, as long as you come back out. I got down there and saw that there were in fact a few spots. I unloaded my gear and tried to leave the structure. The gentleman that takes in money for parking asked where my ticket was, and I explained that the guys had let me in the valet ramp to unload and I didn't have a ticket. He didn't seem to get it, so I explained again. Eventually he said it'd be his butt that would get in trouble, and I said talk to your valet guys then. He let me out. The next night, when I had an assistant with me in her car, we were told to park in the public structure across the street from the hotel, as the hotel was once again full. Now I have to park in an unsecured, open-air structure that isn't even connected to the hotel. A block or two from the city jail. Nice. The next evening, I was told I should park on the street a block or two down from the hotel, seems every other day one side of the street gets cleaned, and I'd be safe if I left before 8am. That was the case, and while inconvenient, it worked out. All in all, not the best experience in terms of parking. I guess the idea is that I should just spend more money and use the valet services. The food at the hotel was pretty good. Issue being, their restaurant closes an hour earlier than it says it's supposed to in the guide book that was in my room. I was busy working till usually 9 or 10 every night at a hotel on the water covering some events. I'd return to my room bushed and ready to relax / have a good meal. Unfortunately for me, dinner was already done being served. Their late night menu sufficed, but still, how about thinking of the people that work a bit later than everyone else. One night I got back earlier, and decided to eat at the restaurant. Got down there, and was told that they had closed at 9 (book in my room said 10). They advised that my room service menu offered pretty much the same items that they serve. Still, sometimes it's nice to not eat from a tray in front of your tv. I was kind of amazed that I had to pay for internet in this day and age. Would be nice if they offered wired for free, wireless for a charge. They definitely don't seem to be catering to business travelers. Lastly, when my check out day arrived, they slipped my invoice under the door. I was given two separate sheets, with similar totals and a difference in charges. When I went down to the front desk to discuss the charges with them (discrepancy in laundry fees, etc) I was greeted by only a trainee. Another couple that was waiting at the counter was amazed as well by this, here it was check out time, and the only front desk staff was a new guy (no issue with him or being new, but that's a hell of a way to get someone to learn their job). He couldn't properly explain what the fee I questioned was, and said it was probably internet related. I said no, this feel (marked internet!) was the internet fee. He took the copies and said a manager was available, and disappeared. He returned sans manager, and sans one of the receipts, and still had the same answer, that the totals were the same and not to worry. At this point I gave up, as I had to be working about 15 minutes from then. Oh well. On the plus side, the heavenly bed was really nice. The air conditioning worked well. View of the construction site and jail were kind of neat for a change. Be warned that there must be a fire station nearby, as sirens were heard pretty regularly