Despite the fact that it's fine hotel in general, I'm afraid that everything is too much asked in this hotel. This is not an exception to ay rule, I have had multiple moments of genuinely shown disinterest in me as a customer and guest form multiple staff members, leading me to believe that there is a management problem here. Although some incident are smaler than others, I just noted them because they are exemplary. 1. on entering the BF room, 2 staff members were chatting away. One literally with his hands in his pockets like he had nothing else to do. 2. We entered the buffet area at 8.30am on a weekend. Missing was: bread (really), Plain yoghurt (empty and not available anymore), pancakes (empty), butter (really). I noticed this one at a time and asked for these one at a time. Staff hadn't even noticed it before I asked. Once I got to the bread (4th item missing) I exploded and threatened to file a complaint. Suddenly, everything changed, I got my yoghurt which miracolously was found, we were given a extremely good service, which we enjoyed and thanked for and which is how it should've been in the 1st place. The guy with his hands in his pocket, who had earlier said "There were so many guest, you guys cleaned out all the food in this place"(really! those awful guests!) was suddenly helping out too. Just to be clear, I don't mind if something is missign or goes wrong (if it is not too much!) but what I do mind is a total lack of commitment to make things work in the first place. 2. The concierge was keeping it deliberately short to help other guests (understandable, but wrong in my humbel opinion because he made me feel less important than the guest waiting behind me), instead of answering my questions, which were not beyond anything normal a tourist would ask 3. When asked for quarters for the parking meter, I got 4 from a new rol or quarters (really). I asked for more, but he said he needed them in case more customers asked. When I said, that maybe they should stock for more quarters in a centrum district with paid parking, the atmosphere chilled to an unprofessional level, especially in a 4 star hotel. Pro's: valet parking guys, technical staff very friendly and helpful. This can be good hotel, but staff needs to be motivated and some things are simply at a 2 star level, nothing exaggarated.