We stayed 2 nights in June 2008. Staying here again would certainly not be the worst thing, there are definately some niceties, but the little things started to add up enough that next time we go to San Diego we will very likely try another hotel as this Westin did not "sell us." The good: 1) We asked for a high floor and received a room on the 20th floor. 2) Great view of the water and sunset. 3) Great shower. 4) Convenient location (close to a brewery; Gaslamp Quarter; Petco Park; WAMU ATM; bagel shop; Seaport Village etc.). 5) Staff was very friendly, helpful and accessible (but not always successful). The not-so-good: 1) The air conditioning either didn't work the first night or has such a high setting of temperature to be useless. The next day we asked for both the air conditioning to be looked at and for a good old fashioned fan. We were advised both would be handled within a short time. When we came back to the room several hours later, there was a note that the air conditioning was fixed, but there was no difference from what we could tell. Also, there was no fan. I called downstairs to the front desk and asked again for the fan; was told again a fan would be delivered to our room; but no fan was ever delivered to us as promised. The bed was very comfy, but because the room was stuffy we got little sleep. 2) We left the room around 10 a.m. the 2nd day we stayed, and when we arrived back around, ballpark, 5 or 6, no housekeeping had been done (we're pretty low-maintenance, but were expecting at least clean towels and the bed made so called down for towels and TP and let the rest be as was). 3) Couple small things: Would be nice if there was a phone book and a TV listing guide in the room as there was neither and... 4) There's no place in the bathroom to hang a wet towel. 5) The day we left, I went downstairs to print out our boarding passes. First, I was unable to access the door with my room card as it indicated to do, so I went to the front desk to get assistance. She also had trouble till she realized they decided not to lock the door any longer so you really didn't need a key (although it did not indicate this on the door but rather the opposite). When I tried to print the pass, there was no paper in any of the 8 drawers of printers or copy machine. Back I went to the front desk where they had to call an engineer for paper as that dept. was the only one who was allowed to load paper. Went back to the front desk about 15 minutes later. They called Engineering again. Engineering was there in about 5 minutes after the 2nd call, but he only loaded paper into 2 printer drawers so I did let them know the copier & other printers were out as well (to hopefully avoid frustration for both engineering and customers later that day). Ultimately, the Jet Blue site would not print out the pass after all my repearted attempts (it was asking for some kind of code for that particular computer that was not supplied or I didn't figure out) so the whole process proved a frustration. 6) I filled out a review card at the hotel before I left AND also an online form sent to me a couple weeks later. I have, as of yet, NEVER received any comment from the hotel regarding some of the frustrations we experienced (it is now 7/27/08 - almost 2 months later - I waited to see if they would send me some consolation - even just a few words - but nothing).