Four-star prices without four-star service I recently stayed at the Hotel Kabuki and found it, in a word, disappointing. The hotel is nice, that much is for certain, but patrons are not offered four-star caliber service to match the hotel's four-star prices.Upon arrival, I had expected to receive help with my two large suitcases and three personal bags, but there was no one to be found at the door---no doorman, no bell hop, nothing. I towed my luggage to the front desk, and while check-in was swift, I was not offered assistance with my bags. Worse, I was given insufficient directions to my room in the Garden Wing and found myself lost within five minutes of checking in to the property. I returned to the front desk and was given better directions by a different attendant. Had I not been saddled with so many bags, this episode might not have even registered as a negative...as it was, by the time I got to my room I was annoyed and fatigued.First impression: The room itself was billed as an Executive Sauna Suite. It consisted of two large rooms: a sitting/work area and a bedroom with attached bath and sauna. Though the rooms had recently been remodeled, damage had already set-in and made parts of the room look dingy. The paper on the shoji screens was ripped in several places, scuff marks dotted the walls, and the ceiling looked like it had been repaired and repainted several times. It was obvious that many of the flat surfaces in the bathroom had been somewhat shoddily re-faced with granite, rather than entirely replaced. In short, the room was nice, but far from perfect.Details: The Ipod dock was nice, but there was a dearth of convenient outlets for charging my laptop, phone, and camera. Adequate, comfortable bedding was appreciated. The toiletries were okay, and the towels were fluffy and only a few bore stains from previous users. Two flat-screen television sets featured a small number of stations from which to choose. With the drapes open, the room was nice and bright. During the evening hours, even with all the lamps on, the room was annoyingly dim. The lighting in the bathroom was the worst I have seen in some time. Most four-star hotels provide its occupants with some kind of lighted magnifying mirror for grooming, but not Hotel Kabuki. As a result, morning tasks were more difficult and more tiresome than they needed to be. Overall, the hotel was quiet. I only heard my neighbors a few times. Free wi-fi was nice when it worked. Special Bathroom Note: The bath area was separated from the sink area, which was also separated from the toilet. There was a door separating the bedroom from all of this. Each area had its own door, and privacy was never a concern. Room Service: Avoid the hotel's room service at all costs. It was overpriced, of course, and of exceedingly poor quality. I ordered dinner, which was only mediocre, and, on the day I checked-out, I ordered a scrambled egg breakfast which was inedible. The eggs were sulfurous and undercooked, the sausage was disgusting, the pastries were lacking, and the coffee was bitter. Worse, it was delivered by hasty staff interested not in presenting the meal but in collecting the tip. There is an art to room service that this hotel has not mastered. I assume the Denny's across the street would have been a better bet for both food and service.Housekeeping: Housekeeping was efficient and adequate. No complaints. (And no interruptions.)Business Center: I found it annoying that the business center;s computers are not free to use. Printing on their network looked to be a hassle, so I took my laptop to my room and wrote out information longhand.The day I checked out, a bellman was available to help with my bags and make first contact with my driver. That was an improvement.I doubt I would stay here again...unless I had a significant discount. The Kabuki wants to be a four-star hotel, but until they master the art of hospitality and true service, they will not deserve that rank.