Alright for a casual trip, go elsewhere if you want it to be special! My husband and I decided to stay here for our brief honeymoon. Too bad we were just not impressed with the service - we've gotten better at a Motel 6!All brides are told that hotels love honeymooners (get the anniversary business, right?). Well, I mentioned that this was our going to be our honeymoon when I booked the room. I replied to the email confirmation stating that this was a honeymoon (they had gotten our # of guests wrong). I even mentioned it at the front desk when we checked in. We weren't expecting extras or anthing, we already had the most expensive room, but a Congratulations would have been nice. (We had a private ceremony, so really not tired of hearing it).Nope, no congratulations. In fact, we got Call the front desk when you want your welcome tea, and then she walked away. Gee, thanks, I feel welcome already! In any case, we decided to call the front desk about an hour later. I said, I had a question about the welcome tea. Response Fine, someone will be there with your tea in 15 minutes and then hung up, no is that all or even letting me say thanks or that wasn't what I wanted.Well, my husband and I were in the room for another hour or so. No tea arrived. We finally decided to go to dinner. While leaving, we were joking around, kneeling to close the doors behind us, etc. (We were staying in the Japanese suite, where there are sliding doors from the entry way to the seating area, and more doors to the raised sleeping area). So, we're POSTIVE we closed the doors. When we returned about an hour later, the doors to the seating area AND the sleeping were open. Of course, I called the front desk, while my husband looked to see if anything was missing (or added). The front desk said No one would enter your room, you must not remember leaving the doors open. Of course, I said that I was sure we closed them. To which she replied, No one would enter, thank you and hung up. Yeeeaaa...At that point, we decided to just stop dealing with the people at the hotel, and just enjoy Japantown.Too bad that at 9am, we had banging on the door for housekeeping. Apparently she decided to ignore the Do Not Disturb sign on our door. I did open the door to make sure it was still on there. Yes, it was hanging nicely from the door handle. What a dirty look I got for pointing it out, and stating that we wouldnt be out of the room until at least 11:30.The room itself was lovely, though. I thoroughly approve of the bath products they place in the room, quality is excellent. The hotel does look better than the last time we stayed there, when we got engaged.We celebrated there after getting engaged. We went there for our brief honeymoon. It was the intention to go back every year for our anniversary... but we think they missed out on that repeat business. Recommended? Not if you want anything resembling courtesy. If you dont care about people being polite, then go for it!