I spent three days at the Griffon Hotel in October with about 15 professional colleagues. The Griffon has an awesome history and story and its location in the Bay area, in the heart of everything, makes it a popular place to stay. On first appearances the hotel, its distinct style (oriental impressions) and trendy, unpretentious vibe is indeed a winner, even if it is small. On closer inspection though, things start to crop up that make you reconsider whether this place is worth the money; First thing- The hotel's front doors are always open. Trust me Brothers and Sisters, this is NOT a good idea; the smell of sewerage from the street invades the lobby and lingers around like an unwanted guest. What is even worse is the fact that the hotel's restaurant is right beside the lobby. Imagine getting a whiff of that as you sip your pinot and dig into your 'Catch Of The Day'...yummmmmmm. Second- The rooms are small, as in, you literally cannot swing a cat in there (though beautifully designed) and poorly ventilated. The carpets smell musty and the window seat looks a little worn out and it sits above the super loud AC unit. Third- I dont know about anyone else, but my window (on the third floor) was facing what i think was the fire escape (the window was foggy and made with that thick textured glass makes everything outside look all distorted like). So in addition to having no view, I also had no natural light coming into my room. I'm telling you, i would leave my room at around 8am, thinking it was gloomy outside because it was so dark in there. Imagine my surprise when i noticed that it was sunny outside! The interior designer here was a clever one because to counter the gloom in the room, they installed an artificial 'natural light' just above the bed, to make dim wits like me feel like it was sunlight shining down from the heavens onto my face. Needless to say, when i discovered otherwise (i.e. a whole 5 minutes after coming into the room for the first time) i seriously was not impressed. Fourth- The price was too high for such a small room, with musty carpets and no breakfast. I am especially cross about the no breakfast thing though. I am guessing, no, I am positive that guests at this hotel are actually paying for the location and the concept of awesomeness. I will admit that from the looks of things, this hotel does have a certain charm to it, but i WILL NOT be caught paying this much for a hotel that clearly needs an upgrade, a facelift and some love.