I say "appears to have cost cut" despite not staying there before because I can only imagine that the combination of excellent past reviews and substandard service now mean that changes must have been made. Going through the 5 different categories above: Cleanliness: Good standard of clean each day; Location: Excellent. Right near Union Square (shopping area), the cable car lines and generally quite a cool area; Rooms: I think I was in the "Deluxe with fireplace". The concierge said, as he waited for the lift to help with our things, "oh I didn't look at your room, you're in a good one" with a surprising tone. I thought the room was pretty average myself; quite small, not a comfortable bed and just generally felt quite tired. It is worth noting that the room is done in quite an antiquey style, so if you like that then you may well like it more than i did. I am pretty indifferent to an antiquey style. Slight problem with the squeaky floor boards in the room above, but nothing major. Value: paid 150/$240 a night. I expect a lot more than I got for this and finally... Service: There were a series of incidents which lead me to give this only 1/5: 1. Whenever we needed to speak to the concierge/front desk we were pretty disappointed that there isn't one most of the time. There is a sign up at the entrance of the petite auberge which simply states - "please go to our sister hotel - the White Swan Inn". It is only next door, but given I didn't have a key to it and that I was under the impression that my hotel would have its own reception I wasn't massively impressed. 2. Checking out was quite annoying, mainly as a result of the above again. I rung the reception (which didn't answer within 10 rings each of the 5-6 times we rung during our stay) and asked for my car from the valet (see below) Trying to save time I took our stuff out of the room and walked down the corrindor to the entrance. However there was no car for a while, I tried to call reception again (only the white swans of course) and there was no answer. I walked around the reception and asked if he could just call reception in the Petite Auberge, which I was sitting next to, unmanned of course, waiting for my car with our stuff. I was told that he didn't know how to work the phones so that would be possible. 3. They ask that you give 20-30 minutes for the car to come from the valet. 20-30 minutes? Madness. I can only assume it is because they have so few staff working at any one time to actually serve the guests. (There is a lot of mention of the cost of the valet in other reviews. This, however, is a red herring in my opinion. $32 for valet parking a night is actually the cheapest I saw in central San Francisco, so not a big deal. It is just an expensive city to park in. Possibly it is cheaper than the other valet because they require such long notice...) 4. Finally the non reception staff seem to have been hired cheaply. The woman providing the breakfast was struggling to understand me and the cleaner seemed positively fearful of a question. Sorry to have written such a long review, but I felt that giving 1/5 for service required a lengthy explanation