You get what you pay for We made reservations on a Thursday on their website. When we arrived Saturday evening, they did not have record of the reservation. Luckily we printed out our confirmation information and they were still able to accommodate us at the online price of $79 for a Saturday night stay. The valet parking was $21/24 hours, which is reasonable for San Francisco. We stayed in a room with a single queen size bed. Comfort was OK; hard and a couple springs stiffer than others, but we still had no problem falling asleep. The room we got was a corner room so we had windows on two sides of the room, which was nice considering the lighting in the room was a little dull. There was a lamp on each side of the bed, but neither had a lightbulb in them! But there was an overhead light. The carpet was worn and a bit dirty along the edges of the wall where the vaccuum cleaner probably doesn't catch the dirt. We saw a guitar pick under the bed, which I figure should have been seen by the cleaning staff if they even glanced under the bed for cleaning. The bathroom was OK, tiny shower but good water pressure and plenty of hot water. Soap is provided, but not shampoo. Towels seemed nice and clean. Lighting in bathroom was good enough for putting on make-up. Toilet seemed like it wasn't really cleaned. I took a tissue and wiped it down before using and the tissue was dirty (toilet not cleaned like the sanitized note on it would leave you to believe). We were not given a remote control for the TV, but that was not an issue for us since we spent very little time in the room. To address reviewers' comments on getting into the building, we had no trouble. Although the lobby does close at 8pm (or was it 9?), we arrived around 7:30pm. They gave us a key to the room and a key to the outside door, so as long as you bring your keys with you, you shouldn't have any problems. I guess the only downside is the idea of giving away keys in an age when most higher class hotels are using electronic key cards that can't be easily duplicated.We were pleased with the location, although walking down Taylor seemed a bit sketchy. Just keep on the Union Square side when walking around. San Francisco has a huge homeless problem, so you can't really avoid the panhandling. So, in summary, minimalist accommodations and minimally clean. Might stay there again because it is right around the corner from Ruby Skye (dance club we went to), but that is the only reason. Will definitely look around for better choices next time.