Continuing it's slow slide downhill. My partner and I stayed for the 5th time at the Kahala in late September.It was our anniversary, so obviously a special trip. We double-checked as did our travel agent, that the hotel knew it was our anniversary, requested an upgrade which is one of the perks through booking at my agent's company, and that we were past guests.When we arrived the receptionist had simply no idea what was going on, she was as they typically are at the desk, pretty lame. She didn't even know there were two of us in the room although we showed her our confirmation. She looked at us like we were speaking a foreign language when we asked about the upgrade and mumbled something like I have no information on that and basically just tried to get us to move away from the desk.However, when we arrived in the room, there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us. There was, however, no note to explain who sent it. I wasn't sure if it was from a friend wishing us a happy anniversary, or if it was from my travel agent or if it was from the hotel thanking us for our repeat business or even acknowledging our anniversary. Nada. Zip. And no welcome back note, even though we had one the last time. What gives, don't they have procedures in place to acknowledge their past guests who continue to spend $$$ there?The thing I notice about the hotel is that most of the staff are friendly but they don't do much. You can never get the ladies at the reception desk to do anything out of the norm, i.e. have a late check-out. Twice during the stay our room wasn't cleaned even though we left at about 8am and returned well after 3pm. We generally phone housekeeping to let them know we're going since this has happened before but this time it was pretty bad. They also have this really nice area overlooking the dolphin lagoon and pool called The Verandah where you can have high tea and snacks or just appetizers and drinks. There is usually a nice breeze and it's very relaxing and romantic. The last time we were there in the spring they had some great edemame but when we asked about it this time the girl just flatly told us they stopped offering it but no other alternatives. The staff at The Verandah usually consists of 1 (one) college girl who has to serve about 20 tables both in and outside so she's usually pulled pretty thin and subesequently the service is not always the best or the fastest. That's the thing - The Kahala seems to not have too many staff members around other than the valet guys, who ROCK by the way! It's like they are trying to cut costs by having as little staff available as possible.True, it is a beautiful property but still you go there for the almost private beach, the larger rooms but ultimately service. There isn't much service lately and it's getting worse. The staff, has taken, to always saying hello to you as you walk by them but that is the extent, they don't go the extra step and for a property that charges as much as they do, they really need to do so.We love the beach and the privacy but we're going back to the Halekulani. It's not as large but they ooze service and they do the little things. Lots of amenities in the bathroom like mouthwash and constant replenishment, FREE Internet, they learn your name. Basically they are a 5 Star hotel and they act like it.I did write the General Manager of the hotel. He replied back with a single paragrah saying it was unfortunate that my check-in experience at reception wasn't good. Duh?