Hardly a 5 Star! More like a 3 1/2 Star! We stayed at The Kahala for 8 days the first week of September. I stayed there with my husband and 22 month old son. I first want to say that we have stayed at hotels such as the Marriott Townplace suites to the Four Seasons and only have the expectations that the Hotel rates itself to be. Basically you get what you pay for. The Kahala hardly lives up to that standard. I do not know where the millions of dollars in renovations went? The carpet in the hallways was old, worn and stained. The wallpaper was coming apart and ripped by the elevators on the Lower Lobby Level. Our toilet seat was actually shaved and discoloured! (We think it was shaved to allow the door to open inwards, but nevertheless, this is not a Motel 6!The swimming pool is deceptively painted blue so God knows if it is clean. The toddler pool was never cleaned in 8 days while we were there. There were always lots on leaves and sand in it, and the water level just dropped each day. How wonderful to place your toddler in a dirty pool.The dolphin quest experience may be fun but the water is so murky that you would not want to even touch it. My husband experienced the dolphins in Mexico and said it was completely different and so clean.The landscape is worse that a Holiday Inn upon arrival. Could they not fork out a few thousand dollars to plant living Birds of Paradise instead of the dead few placed in the center in front of the valet parkers? I just expect a little more from a 5 Star Hotel. The front desk, concierge and valet parkers were all polite and courteous.Someone below mentioned service issues. Oh Boy was he right. The beachside grill actually turned us done for lunch our first day because they were short on staff instead of just telling us that the service would take longer OR giving us the choice. Why keep the restaurant open if you are turning guests away! How rude for a 5 Star! We dined at the Plummeria a few times and the food and service was good. The pool service was horrible - there was none. In 8 days, no one even approached us to ask us whether we needed towels, to set up chairs, drinks, food - nothing - seriously! I have never experienced that. I have no problem getting my own towels from the hut, setting up, nor hunting down waiters for drinks - BUT again as I mentioned - this is NOT 5 Star.The cabanas on the beach cost $50/day, $35 half day - they are actually double chaise lounges with a hood over them. the beach is the best part of the Kahala. It is ideal for kids and romance since you avoid the crowds at Waikiki. It was full but never crowded. You can walk out into the ocean for a while with the water up to your waist. There is no corral that makes it difficult. The beach is exclusive and beautiful. There is no walkway for those of you who may be interested in strolling the area on a beach front. you have to take the main road - which is not too bad.The room was just OK - again 3 and a half stars in my opinion. The closet space was absolutely wonderful - 2 closets, 2 chests of drawers etc.....The bed was comfortable, flat screen TV, Internet access (about $15/day extra), bath just OK, no fancy tilework as in most 5 Stars, free newspaper each day, parking was $25/day.......Problem was that the balcony was really slim meaning my toddler could walk out onto it and get caught between the bars and the sliding door, and we could not squeeze in that area to save him! We called the front desk for the first 3 days and spoke to many managers who just passed the buck. We asked to be moved to ANY room with ANY view with a complete lanai so our toddler would not be dangerously stuck if we opened the sliding door. They said they were sold out - ALTHOUGH the internet website showed rooms still available. They would not accomodate us and just left messages for each other to see what they could do. NO ONE ever got back to us. the carpet smelled so bad that I was sneezign constantly and had to get Benadryl from Longs Drugs! I could not open the balcony door! they ignored me. I never request anything. We had an ocean view room and we even said we would settle for a courtyard or mountain view room! That is unacceptable for me. So we spent 8 days with air conditioning, smelly carpet and our balcony door shut in an ocean view room - makes sense doesn't it?Tips: There is a Longs Drugs in the Kahala Mall and quick eats etc.. there very close by. There is also a Safeway not too far away east of the Hotel. There are many restaurants close to the Safeway in Hawaii Kai like Roy's and even a Costco should you need anything.I am sorry to sound so critical. I would not have been so picky if this Hotel was advertised as a 3 Star, but I expect more for those prices. One does not pay $700 plus for a room in exchange for 3 Star treatment. This resort will hopefully be managed by the Four Seasons one day. Its location is beautiful but it needs a major overhaul.