We soooo wanted to love this hotel -- but didn't This hotel seemed to have everything going for it: far enough removed from the mess that is Waikiki, but close enough if you want to spend an afternoon or evening there; an idyllic location on a small, but calm and beautiful beach; large rooms with incredible views of the ocean; a legendary reputation for understated elegance and service. This seemed exactly what we were looking for in a hotel for our first visit to Oahu. We have deliberately avoided Oahu over the years, thinking the entire island was a combination of Miami Beach and LA. The North Shore of Kauai (Princeville Hotel) and the Big Island (Four Seasons Hualalai) were our typical choices for islands and resorts over the years. The Kahala seemed a reasonable but similar option for Oahu. I read with concern the mixed reviews on this website about the Kahala, but thought we'd give it a try nonetheless. Besides, the only other option was the Halekulani which sits in the heart of the worst traffic and construction chaos in the Hawaiian islands. It also has a sliver of a beach that disappears in high tide.We desperately wanted to love the Kahala. But, in the end it was a MAJOR disappointment. The service is fabulous -- from check-in to the impossibly quick valets to the incredibly helpful staff. The setting and beach for the hotel are wonderful. But everything else is one big disappointment. You have to remember that this hotel was built in 1964. Hotel designs and guest priorities were completely different then. The design and flow of this resort are completely flawed. I've never seen a hotel whose parking garage sits oceanfront, while the hotel rooms are set back overlooking the porte cochere. You hear mufflers and accelerating cars all night long (not waves crashing against the surf). The hotel rooms are probably 20 years past their prime. Our entire room smelled of such strong mildew, we had to burn incense at night to tolerate the odor. The ceilings are stained with nasty mold near the A/C vent, all the wood furniture is dinged and chipped, the flooring is stained and worn, the mattress was hard and lumpy, etc. etc. etc. I could go on and on, but I think you get the idea. Every negative comment you read on this website about the condition of the hotel is accurate. The best possible solution? Sell the property to the Four Seasons and let them bull-doze the entire resort.You should also know that the hotel is in the middle of major work to its roof (of course you're only notified of this at check-in, not when you make your reservation). Forget about enjoying a quiet morning or afternoon in your room with the balcony door open or sitting at the tiny pool. You should also know that the Kahala area because of its southern-most location on Oahu, gets exposed to far more wind and clouds than other parts of Honolulu, particularly Waikiki. One night we were walking in the warm sun and gentle seabreeze in front of the Hilton Village in Waikiki around 5:00 p.m., only to return to tropical storm-level trade winds and sunshine blocked by buildings or afternoon clouds a few minutes later at the Kahala. This hotel was always windy and felt about 10-15 degrees cooler than Waikiki, especially when the trades kick in during the afternoon. I'm beginning to understand why people choose to stay in Waikiki over other parts of the island. Also know that the hotel hosts probably 3-5 weddings per day, so be prepared for noisy receptions into the night (which you can hear from your room with the slider closed).Having said all this, we didn't find a decent alternative to the Kahala. So I'm not sure where would stay if we ever return to Oahu. We absolutely loved the island -- the eastern shore mountains are incredibly beautiful, the snorkeling at Hanauma Bay is an amazing experience, the drive along the north shore serene and beautiful. Just don't expect anything near a Four Seasons-level resort in Oahu, which is very unfortunate. I'm hoping they'll buy the Kahala someday soon and fix it.