What a Letdown! For forty years I have heard what a wonderful property this was. From its origins as the Kahala Hilton to its reincarnation as the Kahala Mandarin Oriental, friends and family raved about this hotel, so this year we decided to split our two weeks on Oahu between the Halekulani (our second stay) and the Kahala Resort ?what a mistake. After a perfect week at the Halekulani we checked in at the Kahala with much anticipation. As we were escorted to our room we noticed the halls littered with room service carts and trays, as well as cribs and rollaway beds scattered about. Our room ($630 per night rack rate) had seen better days ?peeling wallpaper, stained sofa and chair, chipped tiles in the bath area, and the patio looking out at the dolphin lagoon was so dirty and unappealing, we never even sat outside. With the exception of Hoku restaurant, the entire property is in dire need of maintenance and refurbishment. Rust, broken wood trim, chipped paint, torn screens, worn carpet and furnishings in the public areas are the norm; if you expect more, youl be disappointed.Housekeeping service was spotty and inconsistent as was the rest of the service. Sometimes we could find someone who would be cordial and accommodating, other times staff and management was preoccupied, inattentive, and downright unresponsive to guests needs. Don be fooled by the advertised ?pm check-out?with the Sunrise Package. Although the hotel was not fully booked and after promises of t shouldn be any problem to accommodate you,?we were told the day of our departure that the only way we could stay is if we paid a half a days room rate, otherwise oul need to be out no later than noon.?The desk clerk was very matter of fact and the front desk manager would not even take time to speak with us. We were not the only disappointed and unhappy guests; while we chose to pack up and check our bags at the bell stand while we stayed for the day at the pool and beach awaiting our late evening flight out, others we spoke with had checked out and had their luggage with them poolside all day!The most consistent part of the Kahala seems to be the food and beverage department. Dinner at Hoku was outstanding and the service was friendly and efficient. The breakfast buffet at Plumeria offered a nice selection (at over $65 for two including tax and gratuity, one would hope so) and the service was adequate. Overall it was a disappointing way to end an otherwise lovely vacation on Oahu. You can be sure that when we visit Oahu in the future wel return to the Halekulani.