Just OK for business travel I've stayed here a couple times in 2008. I live on Kauai but travel to Oahu on business from time to time. The first time I had a high room... just below the top floor. The most recent time I stayed on floor 29.First off, the location will appeal to business travelers only, since it is in downtown Honolulu. Tourists should not stay here. There are few tourist attractions in the area, and there are so many other better places for a tourist to stay on the island.This hotel is wedged somewhere between past its prime and not very nice. It has probably been like this for years though. The building is nice enough... a modern looking high rise with a nice clean lobby. The rooms have seen better days. The two rooms I stayed in were laid out the same, but the furnishings were completely different. In both cases, everything was dated by at least a couple decades. The tile, cabinets, tub, everything. Also, you'll notice evidence of reconfigurations... by this I mean air vents that have been relocated, drywall patched, fixtures have been added, removed, etc. Ordinarily after a hard day at work I'd love to relax in a jacuzzi tub, but something about an old tub from the 70's doesn't really appeal to me. There is a kitchenette, and in my most recent case, the microwave was oddly on a microwave cart in the living area, well outside the kitchenette space.To sum it up, the rooms are out of date, but they are at least clean which is really the most important part to me. And while out of date, nothing is totally trashed. For example, the bedding clearly isn't from the 70's. The one odd thing from my last trip was that all my towels smelled funny. They were clean (I think), but the detergent must have been some odd industrial grade bleach or something.Travelers should be aware that most of the businesses near by close early. For example, the Longs drug store downstairs closes at an unbelievable 6PM. Aloha Tower Marketplace has plenty of dining and shopping though, and it is a reasonable walk of a few blocks.A lot of people stay in Waikiki for business. Depending on where you are working, Waikiki is often less convenient. But, it is a tradeoff, because at executive center you'll feel like you are staying at any old hotel on the mainland... not much of an Aloha theme.