No aloha spirit here! Staying at this hotel after staying on the Big Island will give you some serious culture shock. The Executive Centre Hotel is all business and no aloha. The rooms are fine- the same as any other business hotel, though ours had a spectacular view of the harbour. No windows open, which I HATE, but the canned air didn't smell bad or anything. There is a full sized fridge and a small cook space and a real kitchen sink. It had a tiny washer and dryer, with international symbol instructions that I needed help interpreting. I called the front desk for help, who directed me to the housekeeping department (why?). The housekeeping guy spoke such poor English that he had to send someone up to demonstrate. (My question, for the record, was does the soap go in the right, left, or center compartment?) There is chain-store shopping right at the bottom of the building, including Longs and Ross Dress for Less (which has a huge selection of Hawaiian shirts and dresses for $10-$20, instead of $30+ you'll pay at the tourist shops.) The neighborhood has zero personality and they're working hard to keep it that way. The staff is brusque and business-like. (Someone told me that they were trying to undo the surfeit of personality it had had 10 years before when it was a red light district.) The people who came to clean the room were very nice, though didn't speak English well. What convinced me to never stay there again was the young security guard who told me and an old woman that we couldn't sit on the granite front ledge while we waited for our taxis. Don't you see the sign? You can't sit here. (Sure enough, there was a discreet sign fastened to the side of the building where we were sitting.) After staying a week on the Big Island it was truly shocking to see a young Hawaiian treat an older woman so disrespectfully. I am young and healthy, and standing for 20 minutes wasn't a terrible hardship, but what was the old woman supposed to do? There were no benches. There was no place else to sit. It was clear that the poor guy was was only enforcing hotel policy; the hotel should be ashamed of itself for having such a policy in the first place. Nevermind the inconvenience to me, one of its guests; by chasing off old ladies they are showing Hawaii to be ungracious and lacking in basic courtesy. For the record, this is the only occasion on my entire 10 day stay in Hawaii that I experienced anything like this.