clean, cheap, good location but lousy mattress I had several days of word in downtown Honolulu and the company that brought me out put me up in this hotel. It is conviently located, but desperately needs renovation. The taxi dropped me off and the cab driver told me to go down the escalator to check in. THERE IS NO ONE OUT FRONT TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR BAGS. The bathroom was clean, but the cabinet, flooring and wallpaper are the absolutely cheeapest you could buy anywhere, and are old. The toilet seat was one of those horribly cheap, thin plastic ones. There was NO exhaust fan in it so the steam from my shower went everywhere. Despite having pushed my thermostat all the way down and the a/c fan on HIGH it was never below 77 in my room. The mattress was very soft and gave me back trouble. Its been YEARS since I stayed in a hotel without a good mattress and didn't think they existed anymore. The continental breakfast is a joke - they put out a bag of whole wheat bread next to a toaster, a bag of bagels, a few muffins and something that looked like pound cake. VEry little fruit - just a few bananas and cheapo red delicious apples. There were machines with what appeared to be orange juice and some other thing but upon tasting it was clear these juices (juice drinks?) were from metal cans. Skip it and go half a block down Bishop St. to Starbucks where you can buy a cup of chopped fresh fruit and excellent juices. There is a Long's drugstore next door and it opens at 6:30 A.M. so you don't need to drag shampoo, conditioner, etc with you when you fly out to Honoloulu, just get it when you arrive. The staff at the front desk did their best for me, but this hotel is just a dump that desperately needs new mattresses, all new bathrooms, new room a/c systems and a lot of other things. GOOD RESTAURANTS NEARBY: salad creations - $6.99 for a big bowl of salad with all the ingredients you want (you pick the type of greens and what you want added), Indigo for a pricey but excellent dinner, a french place across the street from indigo, a cheaper cuban place near the french place.