Didn't care for it... This hotel occupies the upper floors of a downtown high rise. The accommodations weren't what I expect from an all-suite hotel -- no living room or seating area outside the bedroom to watch TV. Rooms are spacious but minimally furnished; standard room has a large kitchen dining area with only a small dining table. The bedroom, separated from the dining area by a doorless wall, has a bed, the TV and chair. The kitchen has a fridge and trash compactor; microwave available on request for a fee, and even the in-room coffee has a fee. The public area was beneath street-level, windowless and rather dreary. The check-in desk occupies a corner of the office building lobby, which was usually deserted during the weekend I stayed there. Use of the fitness center, accessible from the office building floors, required a special key from the front desk, although the info on it in the guest guide fails to mention this. The swimming pool is also accessible via the office building. Wouldn't be comfortable using them on the weekend, at least, since the office building floors were deserted.Maybe if you're conducting business downtown during the week, this would be an OK choice. But ANY dining on the weekends -- and these options are limited -- requires a walk of several blocks or a drive to pay parking. The hotel restaurant is only open for breakfast and lunch on weekdays, although the hotel lounge offers a free continental breakfast -- fruit, juice, bread and pastry, coffee - that sufficed.This place is a considerable distance from Waikiki, where the beaches, shopping, hotels, restaurants, etc. of Honolulu are located. It took me about an hour to drive through the traffic to get to Waikiki early Saturday night. There's no concierge service to speak of; in response to an inquiry at the check-in desk, I was simply handed one of the standard local guide magazines.Finally, and this is what led me to check out early and move to a hotel in Waikiki, I was not happy with security. My first night I was awakened in the middle of the night by a knock at the door, purported to be the delivery of pizza, that I hadn't ordered. The hotel elevator required a swipe of the keycard to access my floor, so the next morning I inquired at the check-in desk about how someone had gained access. I was told that they just card delivery people up since they can't know who ordered something. Maybe call the room?Bottom line - the out of the way location, modest accommodations, and unease about security caused me to check out early in favor of more appealing accommodations for my business trip.