Not so good anymore This used to be spectacular so I was shocked at how low it's dropped. I wanted to write everyone here to tell you because I was disappointed and I always rely on this site for good tips. First off, just understand there are no lanais! Second, the beach--half the chairs are reserved (through a very mysterious process that is not even available to ocean front suite guests) so you have to rise by 5:30 a.m. to get one. People fight over them! You can't believe there's rat race there, but it's true. Then the chairs are all removed by 4 p.m.(This is Waikiki, towel-to-towel land, you need a beach chair!!) Just as you are enjoying the afternoon they come and tell you to go. That was very strange and discomfiting. Can you imagine a beach resort doing this? The food is bad--all fried fish sticky stuff flown in from the mainland and microwaved. We were all sick and had to find food elsewhere (the fab Matsugan two blocks away, where they make the noodles in front of you, marvelous!) Access to the beach from the main hotel lobby is closed off till 10 a.m. You have to go a round about way over to the tower to get out there. Or you can climb over the gate, which is what we did every morning (at 5 a.m.!!). The rooms are very old world charm -- they're okay if you like that sort of thing. Also, the crowd. They are much older. Much older! That was fine until our young family went over to the Mona Surfrider. It was gorgeous, lively, exciting--I sort of wished I had booked that. (Keep in mind, you do not go to Waikiki for solitude!)The hotel staff seems a grouchy unhappy bunch. We had a wonderful time in Waikiki despite all this (especially at the Moana's courtyard one night--beautiful!!!). Oh, and the pool. It sucks, no way around that. And the service? There isn't any to speak of. This is not the Four Seasons, I realize, but I expected more of the Royal Hawaiian. It is pretty and pink and very feminine. The carpets and lobby and ceilings are lovely! The shops are nice! But stay elsewhere if you want service and true luxury and a seat on the beach.