OK hotel, friendly staff...but there are better deals in Waikiki I stayed here for one night to cash in some of my Starwood Preferred Guest points. I wanted to stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider right down the street, but all they would offer me is a room with two twin beds, so instead I chose a garden view room here, with a king bed.All of the staff members were great. My boyfriend and I were greeted with fresh leis upon arrival. The front desk clerk was great, superb service! And we were able to check in early, which I wasn't expecting! The housekeepers always greeted you with an aloha and a smile as you walked to and from your room. Everyone there just really makes you feel welcome! We had a garden room in the historic, older section of the hotel. It was on the 4th floor, and looked out onto the valet area, which sounds bad but there are beautiful old trees and lots of greenery there so it actually seemed very serene. The hotel is set back from the busy street which means it is quieter here than the other hotels. (Even with the cars pulling in outside). We could hear the birds, and sometimes one would come sit on our window sill which was cute!There was also a loaf of banana bread and some jam set out for us, with a little card. A really nice touch!The room itself was....interesting. The bed is very high, and I am pretty tall (5'8) but I kind of had to climb up onto it. I could imagine this would be hard for older people, or short people. The ceiling was very high, which made the room seem very spacious. The bathroom was a generous size, and the pink towels were very soft and fluffy! (Usually I find hotel towels to be pretty thin and scratchy.)Yes, there are some small problems with the room....it does feel sort of old (e.g, the paint on the bathroom door was peeling) but since I live in a century old-home I don't find that sort of thing bothersome. I can appreciate the historic nature of this hotel.But for the rates this hotel charges, there are some things that they really should address. For one, the bed is not really comfortable, and the sheets and comforter seem like the same ones that you would see in a budget motel. Same with the tv...it was very tiny. Also, having a small fridge might have been nice. (We stayed in a less expensive hotel for another 3 nights in Waikiki, and it had a much more comfortable bed, 32 flat panel tv, and a fridge.)I would probably stay here again, mainly because of the friendly staff, and great location. But I just can't justify the price. You can get a much better deal in Waikiki.