Uninspiring, EXTREMELY overrated hotel A much anticipated but disappointing stay 23-30 July 2006. I'm a frequent traveler who truly enjoys a fine hotel, price being no matter if the quality and value of services is up to par. In this case, the Royal Hawaiian seriously failed in keeping to the standard. While doing a remodel in town, I booked the Royal for about 6 days over other Starwood properties at a rate of $295/night. Even though I'm a Starwood gold preferred member, I was promptly informed upon check in, that no preferred rooms were available, but that the newer, remodeled, Tower Wing rooms were available at $585/night. What constitutes a preferred room at the Royal Hawaiian, I still don't know. To its credit, the room we were assigned was large and spacious, towels and sheets were very pink and appeared new, and the pink rug in the bathroom was nice. Note, the sheets on the bed are deceptive. They use a very nice Egyptian cotton 300 tc top sheet on the bed while the fitted sheet is a standard 50/50 cotton/poly 180 tc. As for the heavenly bed, forget it. An old itchy blanket hidden between two pink sheets serves as a comforter. (Forget down comforters of the renowned heavenly beds) The springs on these beds allowed you to sink in and bounce around whenever you moved. The room had a commanding view of the rooftop, if you were to crawl out of the window. Everything in the room was dated, from the old school 1980s carpet, the cheesy, fake classical furniture, the pink flowered floor to ceiling WALLPAPER to the tiny 19 in RCA television! No minibar, while a miniscule college boy refrigerator served more as an electric cooler. Toiletries in the bathroom were a different story. Once again, the products were in old school Royal Hawaiian generic, brand bottles. While the bottles were large for hotel toiletries, you had to use at least half the bottle to suds up your hair. One can only assume that they are watering down the shampoo in the back. To make matters worse, we practically had to beg the housecleaning staff to get more soap and supplies after about 2 days. Toothbrushes were not replenished and forget about soap bars. I ended up leaving the toiletries behind at the end of the stay because they left nothing to be desired.Vaue wise, there is none. A hamburger from roomservice is $18.50 plus 15% plus $3.00 delivery plus .04166% tax. Meanwhile, just next door at the Sheraton (a much nicer hotel: see review) the cost is $14.50, etc. for the same burger in a brand new room with FLAT PANEL tv's on the wall. The buffet in the Surf Room is good, expensive at about $50 a head, but good, noneltheless. The Mai Tai Bar is an excellent place to watch the sunset and chill out but it too, at $9.50 a Mai Tai, is pretty expensive. The drinks are good and the service, depending on the server is good as well. Recreation wise, the pool is tiny, the guests arrive at 0700 to place their towels on the chairs and then leave them there all day. Only one or two pool attendants to serve drinks, etc. so service was slow at best. In addition to what is stated above a key disturbing fact about the Royal Hawaiian is that the staff there treats you as though you were doing them a favor by staying there. It was very disappointing, especially when paying $25/day to valet park and you tell them you'll be back in 30 min and they say, Sorry, bro, we have a big wedding in the hotel and have to park your car in the garage. Completely astounding. A final solution to this rant is that I recommend all readers wishing to stay at a Starwood property in Waikiki to stay at either the Sheraton or the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. Less cost for service, better service on the whole, better, nicer, completely remodeled rooms and a better feeling about the quality to value ratio.Bottom line: it doesn't matter how much you pay per night, all hotel guests who treat staffmembers and each other with courtesy and respect should receive a top quality room and unparalled service for the money they are spending.