Great staff, city location problems My partner and I stayed at the Waikiki Parc, Room 901, for five nights in early November. This was our first trip to Hawaii. After a long flight from the East Coast, we took a taxi from the airport to the Parc. A friendly and handsome staff member opened the taxi door and pleasantly whisked away our heavy bags! They arrived at our room shortly after we did. Big thumbs-up there!The room had a small balcony and a nice view of the ocean. Air conditioner worked very well (though we did not spend much time in the room because there was so much to see and do in Honolulu).Some definite negatives about the hotel: the air vent in the bathroom reeked of cigarette smoke. This was puzzling to us as neither of us smokes, and I was under the impression the hotel was non-smoking. The toilet did not flush well. Also, a very nasty odor emanated from the bathroom sink area after whenever we did flush the toilet. As referenced in other reviews, the beep beep beep sound of garbage trucks backing up on the streets below awakened me from a sound sleep on more than one occasion. I asked the front desk clerk about this and wondered if a room on a higher floor would be less noisy. He replied (honestly) that he thought that it would not.The box breakfast courtesy of the Halekulani kitchen was ridiculously small. A couple of slices of fruit, two tiny danish and a dollop of yogurt. Not even any coffee! Hardly worth $15!Finally, we acquired a new pet while staying at the Parc: a cockroach! The fourth day of our stay, he/she appeared in the alcove next to the fridge. We had only bottled water in the fridge, so I think he/she was barking up the wrong tree.Despite these negatives, the staff was always courteous and even loaned us umbrellas one night at dinner time during a torrential downpour. The front desk clerk was very quick to call the housekeeper when I reported the cockroach to her during checkout. Still, we would not be inclined to stay at the Parc again if we returned to Honolulu. It is plagued by problems associated with being in a large city. Maybe next time, we'll skip Honolulu completely and go directly to Maui!!!