never again. Nice room, horrible customer service. It all started upon check in. First, driving up in our rent a car, we were informed that we would be paying the $18 a night parking. Our online reservation mentioned free parking. So after we dealt with that ( by paying $18), we went to check in and they told us our room would not be ready for an hour. No big deal, they have a nice little waiting room but it was full. so we sat on the concrete floor. So anyways.. hotel common areas looked like a 2 star hotel. not nice, under construction, and not very clean. Our rooms actually though were pretty nice, new fixtures and nice accents.. so the rooms where good. Until we went to bed. Around 11:30pm i woke to water dripping on my head. I called front desk, and for the next hour and a half i had to deal with maintenance guys in the room, wet floors and towels everywhere. The night manager was actually nice, he said  we will put you in a new room.. great. just what i wanna do at 12am.. pack up and move rooms. But i guess its better then sleeping under a waterfall. Manager calls back 15 minutes later.. sorry we have no more rooms. great. he promises a room with a better view in the morning, and invited us to a continental breakfast in the hotel while they move our bags. ok.. not bad i guess. So morning comes, we call down and they inform they are cleaning our rooms. 8:30am. i say fine ask where the restaurant is. they say 8th floor so we go.Nice looking breakfast. Guy looks at his sheet and says  no complementary breakfast for you, that will be $40 please.  wow. I call manager from restaurant. she answers the hotel phone with a  YO, whaas up?  mmm.. i can tell by that level of proffesionalism how this is gonna go.. and i was right. her response is, sorry your package doesnt come with free breakast.  Immm... my package also doesnt come with latelnight waterfalls in my room and Joe blow the maintanence guy busting in on me and my lovely wife during our honeymoon. so now im starting to get mad. Im not going to mention the night manager tell us about breakfast or get into it.. obviously they ruin our night and want us to pay for our breakfast that we are required to goto while they change rooms? what the heck? no compassion from manager.. i hang up. i dont even want to fight with the hotel, so we leave. for breakfast. 2 hours goes by. We come back, and ask for the new room keys, woman says  sorry not ready yet i ask why it takes 3 hours to clean a room and get no intelligant response. So here i sit.. in my old room waiting for the roof to cave in.. waiting for the new room to be ready after its 8 hour detailing. never again i say.. never again. if this hotel just got a better manager, it could be on of the best hotels off the beach. oh,, as a side note, apart from the major interior renovations, there is a new hotel going up across the street ( the side you look at if you dont get ocean view).. so be prepared to relax to the soothing sounds of jackhammers and semi truck honks as you bask in the constant smell of wet paint. Peter Land.