Just Ok! There is nothing upscale associated with this hotel !! The Lobby was very average, and there were no grounds to give the place any ambiance. Our room which was listed as Deluxe Ocean View was also very average, I can't imagine what the Standard Room looks like! From the tiny balcony the noise of the Sheraton's a/c units and loading dock down below was deafening (trucks backing up w/ their beepers on as early as 5:00 AM)! And of course I know ocean view' is a relative term because I realize there is also ocean front, but suffice it to say that half the view is staring at the 30 story Sheraton and their guests and we were on the 21st out of 23 floors.   The one bright spot was the breakfast brunch each morning where the selection varied daily  the food fresh  tasty. The breakfast staff very efficient and w/ a smile even though it was a very busy Thanksgiving weekend (Server Alex comes to mind). On the other hand we tried to have lunch at their Japanese restaurant Kacho on Saturday at 1:45 PM and they turned us away even though the sign said open until 2:00 PM. Who turns business away in the middle of the tourist district 15 minutes prior to close? We ended up going across the street at the Halekulani Hotel which as it turns out is a sister hotel. Now that is a hotel worthy of mention, beautiful lobby, great grounds, and restaurants that don't turn you away because they have limited hours.   To cap off our stay their WIFI didn't work, so I was forced to try to use their business center to check my e-mail and print our boarding passes.Well their Sunday night Staffer at the front desk refused to give the password to access the system, even though I showed him our package paperwork that indicated unlimited use of business center. His definition was you can use but you must pay for it at a $10 rt.   Speaking of nickel  dime-ing I thought the $3.75 daily charge for using the in-room safe was tacky! It is for our protection and their peace of mind!So unless you get a really good package price don't waste your precious vacation time when there are plenty of better choices nearby!