Too many bad experiences at the Parc!!! Arrived at the Parc for the first leg of our honeymoon on Sept. 14th. After checkin we arrived at our ocean view room. It was on the 9th floor and did have an ocean view, but had a better view of the exhaust fans and roofs of the hotels in front of ours.  The rooms are small, the balconys tiny, but while on Oahu we figured we would be doing tourist things and wouldnt be in our room much, so it was fine. The fact that we were put in a smoking room when we requested non smoking was alot of the problem. The bed smelled and the room was just musty. I was trying to be possitive because it was our honeymoon and I had visions of what the hotel would be like, and it did not even come close to meeting them. The next morning I talked to the front desk and they moved us to a non smoking room on the 14th floor. This room was much better. Better view and just cleaner. We had breakfast every morning and like most reviews will tell you, it is a substantial buffet. It does not change very much from day to day, but there is plenty to choose from. We had taken the advice of one of the front desk clerks and booked two excursions. One to Pearl Harbor and one 9 hour full Island tour. The morning of our island tour we went for breakfast, and my husband noticed the french toast on the buffet was moldy. When I informed our waiter and asked him if anyone else had noticed, he informed me that  the Japanese wouldnt say anything because they are polite! I was furious! To make things worse, when we left breakfast, we asked a member of housekeeping which side of the building was considered the front so we could wait for pickup for our tour shuttle. The staff member showed us to the wrong side of the hotel, and we missed our shuttle and were not able to meet up with the tour. We asked Missy, the concierge if we could get a taxi or have someone take us to meet up with the shuttle, since we knew all the places it was stopping, but she was told there was no way to communicate with the driver. Anyone who has ever taken one of these tours knows there are many ways that base can communicate with drivers and that they usually talk back and forth during the tours. I was extremely upset and still am. The hotel ruined the first few days of our honeymoon. I was contacted by hotel management and told they would pay for a rental car if we wanted to do our own tour of the island, or we would be able to take a 3 hour tour in the afternoon. The day this all happened was Waikiki's Aloha festival, this is when they close down the main streets to have a street fair, alot of the locals come into town for a party. How were we to get around with a rental car? We opted for the afternoon tour, which was OK but we really wanted to see the North Shore and the tour didnt go very far out of honolulu. Overall the waikiki Parc was a huge disapointment! The hotel is located in a good location for tourist and the people at the front desk were very nice to us. The rooms are small and basic. It is pretty much like any quality inn or Holiday Inn.  Dont expect quiet. The dumsters outside are emptied between 4 and 5 every morning and there is a lot of road noise. The pool is small, but clean. If you are looking for an reasonably priced, no frills hotel you may want to consider this one. I would not take any advice from staff and for gods sake, dont say anything bad about the food!! My husband and I will never return to this hotel, I have never been treated so rudely. Especially being that it was our honeymoon!! Take our advice and stay at the Fairmont Kea Lani on Maui. They bent over backwards to make our stay wonderful. We wish we could have made up our 4 days on Oahu there!! We will definatly be making a return trip to Maui someday!!