Never stay here again I really expected more from this hotel. The Good:The rooms are nicely appointed. The TV is nice (though channel selection is poor, but who needs TV in Hawaii?), the bed is very comfortable, and the amenities are good (7 out of 10). The hotel staff were always polite.The Bad:There is no sound proofing between rooms with common doors, so you get to hear EVERYTHING that goes on next door. The sliding glass door to your deck may as well not be there, for all the good it does at preventing sound transmission from the VERY busy road outside. Don't even consider sleeping in because the constant construction outside, you will hear every bit of it. The hotel was undergoing a renovation in the lobby area which significantly impacted quality of life. The lobby amenities (shops and mini mart) were unavailable and you were constantly walking through a construction zone. This hotel has a theater that hosts a magic show which draws a significant number of people. Due to the severe lack of elevator capacity (only four elevators, and they are slow) you will have to spend a considerable amount of time waiting for transportation to your room. If the magic show is getting out or about to start, two of the elevators are given over exclusively to those guests and you, as a hotel guest, will have to wait even longer and crowed into an even more crowded elevator to get to your room. The consistent elevator battle was perhaps the most frustrating aspect of staying at this hotel.The hotel staff, while polite, seemed leaderless and clueless as to what they were doing. They never went out of their way to engage the guests or even help the guests when a guest looked like they needed assistance. You have to initiate interaction with them to get anything from them.Getting to this hotel via car and out of the hotel via car is an exercise in frustration as you have to cross a very busy sidewalk and drive down a very busy alley to get to/from the parking garage. Though you pay $18 a day for parking, there is no valet parking provided. Overall this experience was extremely underwhelming. I understand the need for the hotel to fill rooms to make money but they should have completed the majority of the renovation first. The renovation that they were in the middle of doing significantly impacted my ability to enjoy my time at the hotel. The lack of elevator capacity was truly unforgivable and that problem will not be fixed with the renovations they are performing.This hotel is not relaxing at all. You are treated like you are a secondary concern to the magic show. I will never stay here again. For the money, you can do much better.