We spent 3 nights in Aston Maui Lu Resort. We had booked an ocean front room, and they gave us indeed a two level room, with a magnificent view. But other than that, the room as well as the rest of the hotel was falling apart. Where to start from? Room: at the lower level (sitting area and bathroom) the sofa had breadcrumbs on it and was so filthy, that we had to ask for a bedsheet to cover it, in order to be able to sit on it. There was a mini fridge and coffee/tea making facilities, but there were ants crawling everywhere. Again we called the maid and asked her to spray for the ants. The bathroom was just basic, the shower curtain old, the filter of the hairdryer covered with mold and again, ants were everywhere on the cheap formaica around the sink. The upper level (sleeping area) was good but ants (far less than in the lower level) were there too. The two a/c units were loud and their outer parts so filthy that you think twice before using them. Paint is peeling everywhere, wall papers and carpets look dirty... what a shame!! We complained about the ants the next morning and the hotel manager came to reassure us that they would take care of it. We returned in the afternoon, only to find the ants in our room alive and kicking! Plus the people who where supposed to clean the room had unplugged the fridge by mistake, and next morning the carpert in front of the fridge was soaking; that's how we found out. Overall, the view was great, and the bedsheets were soft, but that's all there is to it. Service: the hotel offers no breakfast, not even with an extra cost. There is free coffee, hot water, a toaster and a microwave available for use. So make sure you bring everything you need for your breakfast -plates, forks, mugs and something to eat. All there is around the coffee machine is a bowl with sugar / creamer (thank God in individual portions, because the bowls are filthy as well). There is an activities desk by the reception; we booked our whale watching trip there. Grounds: the grounds are well kept, and the sitting area in front of the reception is inviting. But right behind it, there is an abandoned building with broken windows -probably it used to be part of the hotel- and you don't even want to think how dirty this must be. Location: you definitely need a car as the hotel is located at the very beginning of Kihei, away from any restaurant, super market etc. Plus there are signs around the hotel, warning you that "you enter the sea at your own risk", therefore the beach ther might not that inviting (we did not try it). As a last comment, go elsewhere!