Let me begin by saying that I really wanted to like this hotel. Over the course of the few months between booking and our stay, I had been reading the reviews of the Maui Lu on various sites. I had convinced myself that the negative reviews were for the cheaper, "garden view" rooms and since we had booked a "deluxe ocean view" room, that we'd be o.k. I decided that I would thoroughly take pictures and notes so that I could come back & advise others like me, with no actual experience but a desire for true advice on the place. Here it goes: the positives: our room #515 was a huge loft, only paces from the beach. Every window offered an absolutely unparalleled view of the ocean, beach and opposite part of the island in the distance. In fact, every night the booming of the waves lulls you to sleep and the view from one's bed in the morning wakes you with a smile. The ocean view/front rooms have the best location that anyone could ever wish for when staying on the island. The small beach in front of these buildings is truly small, but if you walk around to the other side of the building (approximately 45 seconds to 1 minute of a walk) you have a large, generally vacant beach all to yourself. This is where the positives end. (LOCATION, VIEW & ROOM SIZE of the deluxe ocean view room). As I said before, I truly wanted to love this place. I tried to love this place, but it was filthy. Previous reviews remark on the attentiveness of the housekeeping staff. I wish I could as well. In our 6 day stay, the sheets were never changed. I put a small X on a corner of the sheets & came back each day to find the bed neatly made, but with the same sheets. Also on 3 occasions dirty hotel glasses, which I had emptied of their contents & set out for the staff to take away, were left where they were, dirty. The loft portion of the room was never vaccumed, as small dead bugs and other crumbs were apparent from check in to check out, however the bottom portion was vaccuumed daily. The couch was like something you'd find in a dump. I have dust allergies & it became immediately apparent upon sitting on the soiled and grimey thing that it was laden with dust (among who knows what else). The entire stay, I had to lay a towel over it to keep myself from erupting into fits of sneezing and watering eyes & a runny nose. There is a gecko that lives in the room as well, but he was very entertaining as he'd come out of the cracks in the walls each night & watch out over us as we watched t.v. in bed. Also, the air conditioning was filled with dust and therefore we often had to due without it. The last day of our stay, we both came down with colds and although I'd like to not blame it on our room, it is possible that the filth of it all contributed at least in part. When we first got there, I likened the room to a cabin. A little old and dirty, but not half as bad as people were saying. Upon a day into the stay, I began to see what all the fuss was about. So, in the end, if you like camping but like to sleep in a comfortable bed instead of on the hard ground, this place would work quite nicely. I mean this in all sincerity. It is filthy, but the bed is comfortable and the view is extra-ordinary. If you are like me and don't require much but clean surroundings, think twice about it. We got one of the "nicest" rooms in the place and what I've told you is the honest truth from someone with minimal expectations. There are a number of places to stay in Kehei & many of them are not costly. I would recommend checking them out, as Kehei is the best town in Maui to stay in my opinion. Good luck & I hope this helped (see photos)