I'm a flight attendant who has stayed at two different Aston properties in Waikiki numerous times on pleasure trips with family and friends. This was our first trip to Maui, and, despite the negative comments on this site, I booked a stay at the Maui Lu due to our positive experiences with Aston. It is also true, as another reviewer notes, that different visitors can see the same property on the same day and form entirely different opinions. We are very, very experienced travelers, very flexible and relatively undemanding, so I generally do not let negative comments -- especially from those I suspect are spoiled or inexperienced travelers -- sway me. Do not, under any circumstances, book a room at this resort unless you intend to rent a car. We made that mistake and felt totally stranded. My husband and our 11-year-old were especially listless, as the property is near absolutely NOTHING in terms of food, shopping or entertainment. It would help a great deal if the management would put out a bowl of fruit or a plate of breakfast pastries next to the coffee in the lobby. That way you could get something in your stomach before the cab ride into civilization. The grounds of this property are just beautiful, and you are cheating yourself not to walk outside and sit near the large trees and watch the birds. Yes, the rooms are older and in need of a little effort, but once that effort is made many of us will not be able to afford to stay there. I found ours clean and safe and adequate to our basic needs (sleeping and showering), and that is what I demand for whatever I pay, which at the Maui Lu was very little. I never travel with the hope of rooming at a property so wonderful that I need never leave it, as many do. That kind of attitude is hardly travel; it is insulation, and I can get that at home. I would stay at the Maui Lu again in a heartbeat, but I would rent a car with the money I saved on the room. There is a gorgeous and relatively secluded beach right across the street; we called it the Totem Pole beach as we could not ascertain its proper name, and it is very special. Do not miss eating at Stella's; it is an elegant but relaxed restaurant decorated with memorabilia from the Grateful Dead. Both breakfast and dinner were wonderful there. We also splurged with a dinner at Roy's. We wouldn't have been so profligate if we'd paid much more for our room. You don't go to Maui for the room, now, do you?