My mother, my best friend, and I all went to Maui to attend my brothers wedding. We aren't rich, so we tried to make this trip as cheap as possible. After booking the flight, I noticed that the sight offered hotel and car packages as well, so I decided to go for it. This was the first time I booked a vacation to Hawaii outside of a travel agent. About a week before our vacation, I was browsing the net and the Trip Advisor popped up, so I decided to take a look at the comments on the hotel we had booked. I was Horrified!!! I was so worried after reading teh reviews and was praying that they weren't as bad as they made it sound. We figured, we;ll just make the best of it adn anyone who stays in their room most of your vacation in Hawaii is a liser anyhow! We got there and as we drove up the driveway to the hotel, the first thing I saw was a burned up building taped off with caution tape, I wanted to puke. As we drove around to park at the office, to the left of us was another building that was boarded up with plywood and the stairs liked like they were about to fall off...Oh My Goodness, I felt liek crying, and by this time, I was getting pretty angry because there is nothing worse that false advertising. I asked the lady who helped us if we were obligated and when we could check out. I immediately felt awful for saying that because she was so nice. She explained that we were obligated due to lack of a 24hr. cancellation policy. She just told us, "if you are not happy after the first night, you can check out in the morning". She then went on to explain that they just had a fire a couple weeks ago and apologized for the way it looked. We agreed. We made it to the room and it was not too bad. Yes, it was an older place, but the bathroom was fairly clean and my bed was fine. I did not see bugs, the room was cleaned everyday with no complaints, and they were very helpful in planning our activities. Everyone was polite. It seemed as though they were getting ready to renovate, so I'm sure it will improve, but if you are one of those people that are looking for plush, room service at your beck and call, and stay in your room to watch the free cable type person, pay the $250/night at the Maui Prince Hotel. This has the aloha sprit, but it has a high need for a face lift. I do agree that it needs some major renovating to keep the visitors coming.