We stayed here February 2010. This was my our fourth trip to the Hawaii Islands and we've stayed at some lovely hotels and this was our LEAST favorite place by far. That being said, the property at the Sheraton was beautiful making our experience that much more frustrating. CONS: It's biggest drawback would be that it sits in a cluster of hotels and also on pubic beach property which makes it incredibly crowded. Our first day there, we went out to lay by the pool around lunch time and there was ABSOLUTELY no where to lay out. As a result, we were forced to grab a seat at 7/8am every morning if we intended to sit by the pool. I'm not sure if this was a result of busy season or if there were just beach trespassers (i.e. non-hotel guests) sneaking onto the property. Regardless, I've never had this issue at any of the other big hotel chains (i.e. Hilton in Kauai, Turtle Bay Resort in Oahu, Sheraton on Big Island, Hilton on Big Island), on the other Hawaiian Islands. In addition, the hotel staff was not as personable as the other hotels either. I think this was mainly due to the fact that there were so many guests (and maybe not enough staff) that they didn't have the ability to be overly accommodating to every guest, as we had seen at the other hotels we stayed at in Hawaii. In addition, our hotel lanai was a joke! Again, I'm not sure if we just had bad luck or if all the Lanai's were this small, but our Lanai was only big enough to house one chair and thats with no one sitting on it. My husband and I NEVER went outside on our Lanai the entire trip (4 days) because there was no room for us. This was probably the biggest disappointment about this property because we absolutely LOVE having our morning coffee (and afternoon book readings) on the Lanai. So that pretty much sums up our trip. PROS: As I mentioned previously, the Sheraton is a beautiful property. If you came to shop, there is a lovely shopping area within walking distance from the hotel. There is also a nice area right off the hotel where you can go snorkeling. All this being said, my husband and I both prefer seclusion and relaxation on our trips to Hawaii...so perhaps the hustling and bustling of the Sheraton may be right for some individuals, but it was definitely not our cup of tea. Our lesson learned  we will never stay at any Hawaii hotels that are located on public beach access or in a cluster of hotels again...as I think this encourages a busier and more crowded atmosphere.