The Sheraton was a nice hotel, however the service is not there. All of Hawaii's beaches are public so even though your're right on the beach everyone in their mother is as well. BlackRock is very popular for the snorkeling and swimming with the turtles which was great, but staff go around and give guests wrist bands to know who the correct people are using the pool and stuff, but no one bothered to tell the family of twelve in front of me using the rinse shower which is only meant for guests. I Requested an early checkin, got there at 1, checkin was at 3. Was told the room was not ready. Totally understandable it's only a request. They took my cell number and told me that they would call me as soon as possible. Well by 345 I went to the desk and inquired what was going on and she advised me that the room had been ready and that she did not know why I was not called. She advised me that she would send A BOTTLE of champagne to the room, nice. 1 hour later (2) .49 cent bottles of split of champagne (the small bottles) arrived to the room which were horrible. During our stay housekeeping was sporadic. Some days no soap, or bath mats, other days just decaf coffee and no regular. The evening where we received no soap I contacted the desk and requested some. An hour and a half later I called to see where the soap was and the subject who answered the phone was shocked that it had not arrived. On our 2nd to last night stay the room next to us decided to have a party in their room in which I had to call the hotel's security twice for. I was in the business for some time, and if it came down to guests having multiple problems with a room, the problematic guests were asked to leave. This went on from 8PM til 1am in the morning. I'm not usually one who will write these kind of responses, but this one needed to. The reason being, when I went to check-out in the morning, I was advised that I hoped I enjoyed my stay, and that I would be back. I told her that I did not enjoy my stay and that I would not be back. At that point the clerk should have inquired what went wrong with the guest's stay, and even contact a manager to speak with the guest to see if the complaints were legitimate. All I got was I'm sorry. This is why I would not recommend this hotel