My wife and I stayed 2 nights at Sheraton Maui. Our chief dissatisfaction was that our room was supposed to be with "ocean view" but when we checked in, we were given a room where not only was there absolutely no view of the ocean from inside the room, it was on the ground floor. So when we opened the curtain, instead of seeing any ocean we see a lawn with a half naked man walking outside about 10m away. On taking our issue with the front desk, we were told that we would see the ocean IF we stepped out to the balcony, and were given some baloney that Ocean Front was a higher rate, and for the rate we paid, that was the so-called Ocean View we got. For the record, we paid about USD570 a night (no breakfast), which makes it more expensive than Shangri La hotel in downtown Tokyo. They switched us to another room, telling me that it would be a better view (real ocean view this time?), but it turned out to be just on one floor up higher, and still the same facing where you would see basically the hotel building on the other side when you look out. Not sure why they designed the hotel layout this way - basically the corridor walkway had the best view facing the beach and ocean, and the rooms at least in the building we were (building 2) basically faced rooms in the opposite building. Since we were misled that we would be having 'ocean view' and now did not have any, and the hotel's 'Ocean Front' rooms were already booked out so they have 'no choice' (otherwise Westin Maui was an alternative nearby) we basically started our holiday in Maui and week in Hawaii on a bad experience. The duty manager said she cannot adjust the rate now because we paid through a third party travel site, but did give us complimentary breakfast for 2 days for which we used 1. In summary, the dislikes (-) and likes (+) are: (-) No ocean view from room despite paying for one (-) The 3rd floor is actually the level which you drive your car in, and where reception is on. Eventually we were put in room 2310, which is on the "3rd floor" but it is actually like ground floor, because 2nd floor and ground floor were even lower (-) Car park building not very accessible from the hotel. Essentially you have to walk out all the way to the main road and then walk in to the car park. Not sure why they didn't just open a side entrance to it when it is side by side (-) Air conditioning unit in the room was noisy (-) Low water pressure in the shower (-) Nobody helped us with getting our luggage to the front desk when we unloaded from the rental car at the driveway, and vice versa when we checked out; valets were probably more interested to earn tips parking your car in the driveway (-) Internet access in the common area was just 1 terminal with no seat (+) Hotel restaurant helped us to cook a few fishes that we caught from a boat fishing trip, despite being busy with a corporate event (took a bit of cajoling). The charge was USD25 per person which is fair Overall we had a much better experience in Sheraton Langkawi, and also in Hotel Renew in Honolulu.