It's very unfortunate that I have to write this review in this manner, as I had no issues with the hotel for the most part, until the last day, and from there, the bad experience just seems to drag on... The day that we were checking out, my wife was not feeling too well, and asked if I could go get her a cup of hot tea. As it was mid-day, the hotel restaurants were closed. I went to the front-desk and asked if they could help me get a cup of tea. I was first told to go down to the bar, which I did, and the bartender told me they had no hot tea. I went back to the front desk, where concierge said she would call for a food services manager and they would bring one to me. I sat and waited for about 5 minutes, went back to the concierge to ask again, where I was told that she got "too busy" and missed the call from food services. She called again and was able to get one of the service manager to the front desk this time, where I was told again that it could be obtained at the bar. I followed the food manager down to the bar, where she asked one of the bartenders there to help her with getting me a cup of tea (as she was fairly new and did not fully know her way around yet), we waited for a couple of minutes while the bartender simply walked around tending to other guests while completely ignoring us. Finally the service manager took it upon herself to look in the back room of the restaurant and was able to get me a cup of hot tea. The entire ordeal from start to finish, to get ONE CUP OF HOT TEA, took close to 30 minutes; all the while my wife was feeling ill. Unfortunately, there is more. I booked my trip through Costco, where one of the perks stated with staying at the Sheraton was a $100 resort credit. Upon check-out, my final payment was $236.66. When I brought up the credit with the front desk, they said okay, and said they would charge me $136.66. Upon my return, I checked my credit card statement, and noticed that in addition to the $136.66, there was another $100 charge on it. I called the hotel THREE TIMES now to try and have this corrected, and so far, nothing has happened. Each time I am told they would "look into it right away and get the $100 credited back to my card", but absolutely nothing has happened so far.