This Platinum SPG member was somewhat shocked when the desk clerk tried to SELL me an upgrade to a suite. Obviously the management has trained their staff well to say to their Platinum members, "we have a nice upgraded room for you." When you reply, did I get my Platinum Suite upgrade the staff member will say, "I have you already upgraded." I have run into this before. The management at this property will do anything they can to increase revenues. I called in a manager and asked her to explain what was happening. She then offered me a suite, but then talked me out of it saying it had no view, first floor, and was just a little larger room with an extra Murphy bed. I requested a suite upgrade in building 5 and then was flatly denied even though on both nights of our stay there were suites in building 5 that were dark (no lights) throughout our stay. These suites have great views but the hotel isn't about to upgrade you as a Platinum unless you're willing to part with additional dollars. SCAM. The hotel itself has a wonderful location, BUT it is old and dated. Really old and really dated. Sheraton constantly advertises the $6 billion + they have spent upgrading their properties, but NOT here. Other than newer carpet and an LG flat screen HD tv, our room was plain and boring. The physcal property is kept up and maintained but has not been updated like other resorts. It's simply old and aging with a terrific location on the beach which allows Sheraton for the time being to sit on their laurels and let guests put up with the quality in return for the location. The pool is the most boring of any major hotel on Kaanapali Beach. The chairs at the pool are in one of the smallest physical areas of any major hotel on Kaanapali beach. The chairs themselves are also of low quality and nothing nice. Towels in the room were of the worst quality we have seen at any hotel this year. I actually grabbed a staff member in the lobby and asked for new towels telling him that what was in the room, threadbare, frayed and thin should have been discarded a long long time ago. Two hours later new towels arrived, but in barely better quality than what we already had. I've never stayed at a Motel 6 or Best Western, but these were of such cheap quality that I would expect to see them in properties that don't even merit a rating. I wonder if other guests have noticed or care. And now for the resort fee, which is the highest on Maui. Yes, even higher than Hyatt Regency and the Ritz Carlton. Having stayed at both properties previously, I would encourage all guests at the Sheraton to visit the Ritz or Hyatt to view their hotels and ask to see their rooms. No comparison whatsover. The art work alone at these hotels (Sheraton has hmmmm...NONE) is phenomenal. So what do you get for your "resort fee" of $25? OH MY GOSH, free unlimited telephone calls! You mean I don't have to use my unlimited minutes on my cell phone? I have died and gone to heaven. AND I get to make toll-free calls also without paying a telephone charge. Aren't we all excited??? Now at least at the Westin down the beach you get free water for your resort fee. NOT here. It's only $5 a bottle. Ok, so you also get a free shuttle service if you want to visit one of the other Starwood hotels, BUT do not plan on using their pool, thats strictly a NO-NO. They only want you to visit their other properties on the "FREE" shuttle if you want to use their restaurants. Yes, dear guests, it's about revenues. What else do you get? Well the shuttle will drive you into Lahaina if you like. Since we have a rental car like about 99% of the guests on Kaanapali Beach, we don't need to be on a shuttle schedule, we can just get into our car and go. But wait, it's better than an infomercial. You also get internet service!!!! Yippeee, you don't have to use the free computers in the lobby, if you have your computer the internet is free. Now who cares if you're a Platinum member with SPG and the internet service is already included as a benefit of your status. Can you say, "RIP OFF." This is a huge scam in my opinion. There have been class action lawsuits on this charge in the past and I would hope another class action plaintiffs firm takes up the issue. It comes down to revenue. The hotels are struggling in a down economy to keep revenues up. They don't want to raise room charges, which is the fair thing to do, because it might impact occupancy rates, so they stick their guests with a "resort fee" that is high enough to increases daily rooms rates the equivalent of 5-10% and the guests don't run. I for one, don't have to put up with this crap. As a Starwood Platinum member my status is obviously not valued by the corporation. I'm not going to pay a resort fee for services I don't always use or services I already receive for free as part of my Platinum status. I would encourage guests who don't need the check-in or nights towards their status to boycott as I am in the future the properties that charge the resort fee. It will be fun to find the best hotels without resort fees and who knows I might just find another frequent stay program I enjoy better in the process! If enough guests balk at the fee it will go away. Furthermore, this particular property isn't that nice. Location is wonderful, but it's at best an ower to average quality experience. For $300 a night that Sheraton claims is a highly discounted rate I'm feeling like I overpaid. I could have just as easily Pricelined this for 1/2 of what I paid and had an equal if not better experience. With the many nights per year I'm in hotels, I don't need the extra check-ins and I'm not going to cater to Starwood ripping me off $25/night, the highest of any resort fee in Hawaii, so that they can jack up their revenues. My realtor just booked a multi night stay at another property through Costco and the normal "resort" fee was completely waived, so booking through certain travel providers may also help guests get around the "resort fee". Would I recommend this average property as a Platinum SPG who they tried to sell a suite upgrade? NOPE, unless I was paying a lot less per night and no resort fees. Mediocre doesn't cut it in my book.