My husband and I stayed at the Shertaon Maui May 26th - June 1st, 2010 as the second stop of our 25th wedding anniversary trip. (Our first three nights were AWESOME at the Outrigger Waikiki!). Let me preface this posting by saying that we are the most "low maintenance" people you have ever met - it has to be pretty bad for me to complain about anything. I did research for about 7 months before deciding where to stay and what kind of room to stay in. We knew that we were going to splurge and get ocean front rooms for the whole trip so that we could hear the waves all night with the door open. After reading many positive reviews, we booked a deluxe ocean front room at the Sheraton. I had done extentive research and didn't think it would be possible to be surprised by anything....well... after getting to the hotel early evening, we were told that we had a room with two double beds. Not terribly shocking because lots of people complain about that on this website. My husband went to the desk and they were able to move us to a king room. One of the "perks" that this hotel claims is that the first night has free valet parking - great right? Someone to park your car and get all of the bags in the room - awesome. What the bell desk told us was that since we were in Building 6, "it will just be easier for you to drive up there yourselves and get to your room". Nice. So we get to our room and it was exactly as I had expected. I had looked at many pictures and the room was perfectly beautiful, but we open the door to the lanai and listen - and wait and listen - and sit and listen......no surf. There was absolutely no wave sounds at all - this isn't something that I've read or heard about anywhere. We tried to look at the info in our room to see what restaurants/bars were open and there was no information - my husband called and the only thing open was the steakhouse and the bar. We went to the bar and there was no place to sit so they referred us to the computer desks and gave us menus. We shared a sandwich and went back to our room. I called the front desk and told her what was going on and she agreed to show us an Ocean Front room the next day. The next morning we looked at the room and immediately knew that this was a better fit for us - lots of wave sounds and a beautiful view of the beach. We booked our trip through FunJet, so I called them to tell them what was going on and asked how the room rate difference would work. They informed me that the hotel would bill them for the actual room that we were staying in and since it was a catagory lower, we would be refunded the difference - perfect. I spoke to the front desk when we got our room keys and we were told that because we 'pre-paid' we would be charged for the room we booked, not the room we were staying in. We would only get a credit if he hadn't already paid! How does that make sense? I told her that we would be happy if they gave us the difference in resort credit we were fine to eat there and spend the money there. My husband told her that if they gave us snorkel masks and fins for the week we would be happy! ha. - but there was no Aloha spirit here. There would be no adjustments. She even called our room later to let me know that she spoke to her manager and that there would be NO adjustments! Ok - thanks for the call. Unbelievable. I've got to say that the restaurant staff at breakfast was phenomenal - we loved them and they were so friendly and service oriented. We were there for two days of the pool deck repairs that others have discussed and it was awful, but lucky for us, it ended while we were still there. It also did not impress my husband when we sat at the pool bar at 2:45pm to order a drink and a sandwich and were told that the bar closed in 15 minutes! Yep - just as everyone has commented, the pool bar closes at 3:00pm - even on holiday weekends when it's packed. This place is beautiful and has great landscaping, but honestly, the service from the bell desk when we arrived and from the front desk personnal was so terrible that I would never consider staying here again and I would not recommend it to anyone.