We chose this hotel as a second destination in Maui for our honeymoon (before we stayed 1 week in Wailea/Makena and it was great!). It was supposed to be perfect, but on check-in it turned into a disaster. We had booked a partial ocean view with a free upgrade, but instead of that they offered us a downgrade! The room they gave us was much smaller and very different from the one we thought we had booked (prepaid 2 months before!), not even speaking about any upgrades. The staff at reception and their manager treated us terribly, they were so arrogant and instead of excusing themeselves and explaining that for some reason they could not give us the type of the room we booked, treated us terribly. We had the view of the tennis court, the balcony was so small that not more than one person could stay there and you could see the ocean only from one corner of the balcony leaning out of it :(. The bathroom was also very small and of course not the type in the pictures we were provided at booking. By the way, the shower was broken and water was only hot or boiling! After discussing 1 hour with the reception manager (what a waste of time) we were totally upset and finaly she offered another room next day. We accepted it, but we could not unpack and relax, because next day we had to move! Another room was OK, exactly like we had expected, but the spirit was ruined and they did not apologize or smth! They had a couple of conferences there on the day we arrived, so I supposed they had just given out all the good rooms, that's why they offered us to move only one day later, but they could have at least apologized! We travelled half the globe for this :( Hotel in itself is OK, although the staff (and not only at reception) definetely don't know anothing about Aloha. The beach is rather small and very crowded, snorkelling is average (there are some fish and occasionally you can see a turtle; in Makena you can see 4-5 turtles and it is guaranteed :)), hotel doesn't provide beach chairs. The breakfast buffet is pretty good, but the fruit choice is very poor and fruit tastes like nothing. You will have problems if American coffee is not your favorite, because at breakfast you can only get that. The location itself is not bad, it is close to Lahaina, which is full of nice restaurants and bars. After the unpleasant experience with the hotel, we chose not to spend anything in it's bars and restaurants, so all our dinners and lunches were elsewhere. In general I think this hotel is not worth even half of what you pay, so maybe check for other options!