First time TRIPADVISOR is WAYYYYYY OFF, i booked this hotel based on the great reviews and the location next to black rock booked a package through expedia the westin resort and spa was another choice at 40 bucks more but got terrible reviews on tripadvisor the honu kai was actually cheaper but complaints of it not being a resort with any amenities BIG MISTAKE the hotel is very outdated (try 1970-80s) the rooms are crusty and need repair small beds (doubles) rather than the standard queens cannot fit 2 comfortably for a good night sleep the hotel was practically empty and despite the package on expedia including a free upgrade, we were not upgraded. It ended up not making a big difference because you can see part of the ocean from moutain view rooms and the ocean view rooms are just as crusty and old the staff at reception (particularly one lady) was rude and unaccomadating no leis as we checked in at night the grounds are empty with lots of grass (golf-course like) with a small pool. went to the beach, chairs and umbrellas are EXTRA 20-40$ per day, what is the point of staying at a resort and paying 25$/night resort fee when all the resort amenities seem to cost extra??? Walked over to the Westin hotel, magical grounds, great pool, nice tropical landscaping, clean, modern, slides, closer to the whalers mall...we regreted our choice! black rock snorkeling was very good, and we swam with the resident turtles, but you could just walk down or swim down from the westin for that. the ocean was cold with a sharp drop off and big waves so difficult if not a good swimmer. For some reason there were always big black clouds over the sheraton with rain, and further down the beach (WESTIN) it was sunny!!! Honua kai will be our first choice next time on this part of the island as paying extra for fake "resort amenities " is a rip off. Westin looked magical as well We ended up buying our own chairs for 20$ and an umbrella for 8, and had to hold it up because of the wind. NOT RELAXING but still cheaper than sheraton gouge prices IN CONCLUSION: 1)RIP OFF (prices listed at 400$ a night on expedia) this is more the type of old outdated place past its prime that goes for 60-80 a night on priceline, with gross rooms to boot 2) snorkling at black rock good but can just visit for the day or swim down 3) restaurant staff were very nice but some reception/check in staff are mean and horrible 4)needs a multi million dollar makeover 5) quiet and dead at night went for a spa day at the grand wailea, we stayed there last time in maui, CHAIRS AND UMBRELLAS ARE INCLUDED, magical landscaping, a true resort!!! SHERATON IS NOT THE HAWAII YOU WANT TO EXPERIENCE!!!!! DONT trust the other reviews and get ready to be dissapointed like we were