Following an impeccable and sublime stay at The London West Hollywood in the L.A area, my wife and I flied to Maui for a week-long stay at the Sheraton Maui Resort & Spa. It was our second time in Maui and I have to say that, although, we had a fabulous and incredibly happy time in such an unbeatable island so full of beauty and Hawaiian charm, the Sheraton Maui wasnt responsible for those magical moments in any way. This resort is obviously way too expensive for what you get. As other traveler wrote in a previous review, perhaps those who usually dont travel or travel very little will love the place just-be-cause-were-in-paradise, but if youre a frequent traveler, you will feel pretty unimpressed (to say the very least), as youll soon notice that nothing really works as you would expect from a four star property. You get unnatural smiles and words all the time, artificial and hackneyed "repeat with me: ALOOOOO-HA!!" sentences, constant tedious messages in your rooms phone voicemail, and everything to pretend they are so devoted to your comfort, when the reality couldnt be further from truth. In the practice you get a 2-star attention in a 4-star environment with five 5+ star prices. And they constantly pretend that theyre giving you so much when the truth is that this place is nothing more than a money eater!! Simple as that!! Even when you ask just for a drink they put you a small accompaniment appetizer, like it or not, and they charge you for it!! The grounds are wonderful, as its the breathtaking beach & the Black Rock area where the place sits. But thats all. The rooms are little more than simply good, and in certain buildings the hotels architecture makes them be laid out in an almost anti-democratic way  rooms that are theoretically of the same level are not in the practice. For instance, in building 3, the higher floor, the smaller room or balcony you get. As a result, you may have reserved, lets say, an ocean front or an ocean view room with a private lanai, and find yourself in a quite run of the mill room with an extremely tiny outdoor space which doesnt even deserve the name balcony because it has only space (barely...) for an extremely compact table and ONE ONLY CHAIR. Wasnt it a room for 2 people? I simply cannot understand how a four star property can have so stingy and shabby touches (sometimes you may even not get lanai or balcony at all. I remember one guest complaining because, based on his reservation description, he and his girlfriend were supposed to have a room with a lanai and they didnt get one. Simply surreal! But what I get even less is how, for example, in building 3, someone who is staying in an ocean view room can get a bigger balcony/lanai than someone who is staying in an ocean front, which is a more expensive room. Anyway, the views in the so-called ocean front rooms from building 3 are simply to guffaw (to help you make an idea, Hilton Hawaiian Villages ocean view rooms have clearer views of the ocean than Sheraton Mauis building 3 ocean front rooms). The service was a joke, and a very bad one, by the way. A good part of the staff was rude and seemed to be constantly pissed off (namely some restaurant hostess) and some were really unpleasant or even rude (particularly a lady called Jacqueline), another part (namely the restaurant waiters) worked a lot and was good and kind in general, but seemed to feel helpless all time, maybe because of being too few employees for a big resort as the Sheraton is. And then there was the front desk staff, which was simply completely incompetent and inefficient. It constantly failed to answer the guests most basic questions, including those related to hurricane Felicia (that was in those days about to reach Hawaii). Regarding hurricane Felicias evolution, there was a very young girl at the front desk, whose name I cannot remember, but for whom the job was obviously far too big. She gave answers like well, we dont know anything about it... followed by a frivolously wink-peppered and absurdly obvious ... I would say watch the news). The breakfast tables designation system was absolutely bizarre. First you had to register at the hostess stand, where someone would write down your name and tell you to seat by the hall sofas and armchairs and wait (a couple of minutes) to be seated. Then the party immediately behind you would go through exactly the same process, and so on... As a result, you could see all these ready tables completely empty and a fairly good line of people waiting to be seated. It was terribly clumsy, slow and sense-lacking system. The housekeeping was nothing to write home about. Our bath gel was never replaced, so we had to ask for it every day by phone calling the guest service. One day, little after we had found out (once again...) that our gel hadnt been replaced, we suddenly ran into the maid and asked her for it. To our surprise she told us that they only provide your bathroom with bath gel by request. Incredible!!!! Something as basic as the bath gel!!! Shame-on-you... That wasnt the only absurd thing from the housekeeping. That very same day we had left our towels in the floor, obviously meaning that we needed new ones (thats what hotels services guides indicate guests should do, and the Sheraton Maui one was no different). To our surprise, the maid picked them from the floor and returned them to the bathroom, where she didnt even fold them and placed them in the towel rack, but she instead placed them hanging on the bath curtain pole. No further comments. The food prices are simply outrageous. Given the breakfast buffet costs $26 (plus tax and service tip) per person, for a good selection (but not even close to being the best or the most varied ever seen, anyway), you can imagine the prices of the mediocre dinner buffets, the not-exactly-mouthwatering a la carte menus, or the plain and pretty standard snacks and drinks at the pool bars. I dont mind being charged that way if I feel Im being given a service to match. But that definitely wasnt the case... And what about that bad taste joke called $26.04 daily resort charge? What a cheat!! The Sheraton Maui tries in vain, with all its usual sham of somersaults, trapezes and fireworks, to convince its guests that it is a personal touch (with such personal touches, Id rather prefer the impersonal ones) that adds value to your resort experience by eliminating several indicated charges in favor of one daily assessed resort charge. Those theoretically indicated charges are from things such as hula lessons, scheduled shuttle service to Lahaina (the only thing from the hotel that worked 100%), or the slowest in-room internet access Ive ever seen in my life. Sorry but, still having in mind the magnificent London West Hollywood Hotel larger-than-life rooms and the super-fast complimentary (yes, completely free) internet access, I have to laugh. And to cap it all, the hotel grounds are, of course, plagued with unbearable kids. Some of them were amongst the most irritating and worst mannered Ive ever seen, although watching their parents, one perfectly understands where that ugly attitude comes from... Summing up, Maui is a wonderful island. It has lots and lots to offer, with its various microclimates, incredible beaches, breathtaking landscapes and so on. Although very commercialized, it lives up to its reputation of having been considered many times the best island in the world by the readers of Conde Nast Traveler magazine. But the Sheraton Maui, Im sad to say, is far below the level of the whole place. It could be a great place, but it lacks adequate attitude and has a great surplus of cash-greed, which tries to disguise with false smiles, aloha-to-everyone boring sentences and so on. Do you feel scared at the risk of sharks when going to the beach? Now you know where they are! Enjoy the "true $pirit of Aloha"!!!