I read many reviews of this and other hotels in Maui before making my selection. Based on the great reviews of the beach, we decided to go with the Sheraton. As reported the beach is lovely and is certainly a great site for snorkeling. The hotel however was a big disappointment. We booked a deluxe oceanfront king for $500 per night for the view. As reported by others, the view is fantastic. The room, however, was a major disappointment. The bathroom is dated, the glass tops on the furniture were chipped, lamps had burned out bulbs and are currently painted brown but the chips in the paint reveal were once green. All in all pretty shabby. The worst thing was the smell. It appeared that a previous guest had left food to spoil or had vomited in the closet. Obviously I couldn't put my clothes in there but the smell also permeated the room. We complained and housekeeping was sent to spray a deodorizer which served only to temporarily mask the smell. On day 2 our air conditioner quit working and it took some time for the repairman to show up. He advised us that there would be an unpleasant odor from the burned rubber hose when the unit began to function again. Sara in guest services agreed to send an ionizer to the room to hep with that smell. She also offered to removed the $25 per day resort fee from our bill. Later that night while the repairman was still working, he advised us that the broken hose had leaked water all over the carpet on that side of the room and that it would likely mildew and smell for several days. He advised us to request a room change. Sara in guest services agreed to move us but indicated that we would have to wait for a room to be cleaned. At 9:00 that night we were moved to our new room. Sara offered to let us have a late check out on our day of departure to compensate us for the inconvenience. We were happy about this as our flight did not depart until 9:00 p.m. The rest of our stay was fine. The second room was clean and odor free. However, upon checkout, we discovered that the $25 per day resort charge had NOT been removed from our bill. I called guest services and spoke to Brandy who indicated that we could have EITHER the credit for the resort fee or the late check out. Since it was 4:00 pm and we had already used the late checkout, we could not have the credit for the resort fee. I explained the conversations I had with Sara reagrding the various problems with our first room and that the resort fee credit was offered for the original complaint and that the late checkout was later offered for the broken air conditioner/impending mildew problem/room change. Brandy refused to honor this agreement so I had to spend 45 minutes at the front desk explaining all of this to the assistant manager, Brandon, who ultimately did honor the agreement. All in all, the Sheraton does not seem concerned with providing pleasant or even functioning accomodation nor do they feel compelled to honor the compensations offered by guest services (unless you are willing to insist). I recommend that you stay at the Westin or another property in the area. Avoid the Sheraton.