Other than the cockroaches in the rooms and the largely incompetent staff, this hotel has an enviable location with larger, motel feeling rooms and magnificent views. The pool is smallish but looks bigger due to the layout. That's okay because it never seemed too crowded due to the adjoining Kaanapali Beach at Black Rock and the fact that the over-chlorinated and cloudy water in the pool made many people choose the beach over the pool altogether. Maui has for years been rated as the top island destination in the world, and it's beginning to show. The infrastructure is struggling to keep up with crowded roads, overly busy restaurants, and too much clutter. For instance, the Sheraton looks across the channel at the island of Lanai, just 8 miles away. Five years ago, when we stayed at the Marriott timeshare just down the way from the Sheraton, the view was magnificent. Now, it is cluttered with buoys, water platforms and markers for the competing parasail, boating and surfing businesses that fill the sky and the channel all day long. It's a rare time during the daylight hours when there are not at least 3-4 parasails in the air all at the same time, and the boats really clog the view. If the environmentalists could block offshore oil platforms, you'd think they'd do something about this, particularly since so many whales pass by during the migratory periods. The Sheraton suffers from the hype, with noisy machines going many nights to support the luau on the property, as well as the other activities. As a result, instead of hearing the waves at night, we heard the machines humming with sounds not unlike an RV generator, sometimes for most of the night. What is more, the amenities have a decidedly bolted on feel rather than being integrated into the property. For instance, the thin LCD TV is not hung on the wall; it sits on a table taking up space, and all of the movies we tried to watch were very digitized and jumpy, so much so that the management readily credited our account and acknowledged that others around the hotel had raised the same complaints. In short, the place is not what it once was, the gem of Kaanapali Beach; instead, it has fallen victim to its own success. Even the grounds have a minimalist feel, not quite up to par with the Marriott or the Hyatt down the way. The staff seemed not quite to get it either. We were there on vacation, not to work with the schedules of the maids or the exterminators. When we spoke to the manager about the inconvenience of having to leave our room for a few hours to allow an exterminator in (it was on a day when we were trying to avoid getting too much sun), he offered us a free movie. Of course, we couldn't watch it until we could re-enter our room, but that seemed lost on him. Other times, we called to speak to someone, and we got no answer or were quickly transferred and placed on hold for an extended time. I felt like I was back at the office, not on vacation in Maui. Finally, a bit about the bugs. I killed a decent sized cockroach in the bathroom one evening. The next morning, a smaller one met his maker on the bedstand. I took the dead varmints wrapped in tissues to the front desk to prove I wasn't lying. I was promised my room would be sprayed so as to be bug free for the remainder of my stay. It was sprayed alright, but that did not keep two more of the critters from scampering across the floor that night. Not quite what one expects at Sheraton prices. Go for the view, but be warned, this place is not up to the level of the travel brochures.