My wife and I spent 4 nights of our honeymoon at the Sheraton and to say the least, we were pretty disappointed. Given the high prices (although fairly reasonable compared to Westin Maui, Grand Wailea, Fairmont and Four Seasons), location in Kaanapali (near the BlackRock), simply the fact that it was a Starwood property, and strong reviews on Tripadvisor (4 to 5 stars) we came into the stay with rather high expectations. Positives: 1) Gym - not crowded, new machines, several TVs, clean 2) Breakfast buffet - fairly priced, wide variety, great service 3) Location and beach - Hotel is nestled up against BlackRock and is the last hotel on Kaanapali Pkwy, so there is a feel of privacy. Walking distance to and proximity to other hotels, several restaurants near the wate, and semi-upscale mall (e.g. Westin and Whaler's Village) 4) Rooms were decent and we were satisfied with the furniture, quality of the bathrooms, etc. 5) Hospitality at check-in. They gave us a lai and checked us in pretty smoothly and quickly. 6) Concierge woman (Lori) was very helpful. Negatiaves: 1) Room location and overall layout of the hotel - If you do make it to the Sheraton, be prepared to navigate through a maze of corridors and depending on your building location, *several* elevators. Imagine this: We were in Bldg. 6, and to get from our room to the concierge, for example, we had to walk one flight of stairs up, walk down a 30-yard corridor, take an elevator up a few floors, walk another 50-75 yards to another elevator, take it down numerous floors, and then walk another 2-3 minutes. Then the same walk on the way back. We'd do this round-trip begrudgingly 4-5 times a day. If not for this, I'd probably rate the Sheraton at 3 out of 5 stars. 2) Cleanliness - We were "upgraded" to a deluxe, which placed us into a first-floor room, which opened up into a semi-private lawn on the ocean. Negatives-- View is partially obstructed by hedges. Millipede and other small bugs constantly coming in and out of the room. 3) Too Big. And this isn't just the maze layout of the hotel, but we felt that b/c of the size, mgmt could not effectively manage the place. Was not a cohesively run resort to improve the overall experience; felt like a bunch of loosely assembled buildings and restaurants combined to form one Sheraton. 4) Starwood Vacation Ownership (aka Starwood's timeshare program) kept leaving vmail daily. Annoying. 5) Internet. If you want to get online, bring your laptop. But who wants to lug their laptop on vacation? Be prepared to spend $0.40 per minute, which is $2 per NYT article you can read -- computers are nice...at least you'll get to use computers with flat panel displays! 6) No Front Lobby. As of mid-October they were renovating their front lobby. So there was no front lobby. Be sure to call them to see if they're done (they said it'd take a "few" weeks). 7) Scarcity of Parking. Yes, they do charge extra for parking, but the other 2 hotels we stayed at during the honeymoon did too. The problem is that at the Sheraton, the lots don't fit the # of rental cars that have to park there, so each night people had to park in fire lanes.