Our final 5 days of vacation were in Maui at the Sheraton. I was really looking forward to checking the property out after having stayed at the Westin 2 years prior. I have never in any of my past travels actually gone through the trouble to ask for a different room. I am typically just happy to be on vacation. =) We had 2 rooms at the Sheraton before we finally landed in Building 6. I really think the rooms need to be re-evaluated as to what their view/description should be. Our first Ocean View was on the second floor and there were multiple plumeria trees growing taller than our balcony. We could only see the beach after standing on one of the chairs on the balcony. I called to explain the issue and they checked into available rooms. They called me back and gave me my new room number in another building and on the top floor (high above the plumeria). We arrived at the new room to find that the view was actually worse. The palm trees were completely obstructing our view of anything (resort, pool, beach) and there was no balcony in this room. This time I went to the desk to talk to them in person and explain that if I was going to receive a garden view room, I would like to at least have my rate adjusted to the garden view rate. We ended up speaking with the evening manager and getting upgraded to building 6. I was a little upset that we were not offered the upgrade prior to spending an hour dragging our luggage around that maze because of our SPG gold status. There was no acknowledgment of our SPG status at check in. Speaking of the Maze... =) I don't know who designed that property but they should have to stay in building 6 just for punishment. It took at least 3 elevators to get anywhere. There were people wondering around holding these little maps they give you at check in. Everyone was lost. It takes a day or two just to figure out what floor or elevator you are supposed to be on to get where you want to go. If it weren't for the snafu on the first day, the resort probably would have been an average stay. The rooms are nice enough though there is only wi-fi in selected public spaces and the pool. The bathrooms were large and clean though they seemed to stop at the tub when they renovated. There is great snorkeling from the beach (great for those leery of snorkeling from a ship in the open ocean). Most of the staff were great. Food prices were typically out of control. We ate in Lahaina quite a bit. They were changing out the lounge chairs around the pool while we were there. The new ones are much nicer and have a cushion. We did have a difficult time finding two chairs together. Lots of people tossing towels on them and then going to the beach. We saw at least 20 chairs in the immediate area that had no one come back to claim the towels. We will be returning to Maui but will not stay at the Sheraton. We found the Westin to be much more accommodating and easier to get around.