We just returned from our honeymoon in Maui, Oct 6th, 2006. Our stay at the Sheraton was was a little less luxurious then we expected. Our first night as honeymooners in Hawaii was spent is separate beds! We did not receive our proper room. 2 double beds sounds cozy for newly weds, sure, but not after a 12 hour flight and no sleep. So we started with a very nice view of the front gardens, but then we were moved to a lovely view of the rear parking lot and tennis courts to obtain the proper king size bed. (if you use a travel agent, they will use the guaranteed bedding excuse...) So, with that, DO NOT book a Mountain View room, its not an upgrade. The standard Garden Views are much better. Besides the rooms being very average, the food was also. Restaurants were just OK at best. All of the great places in Maui to dine, the 2 restaurants here do not even compare! That and hotel charges for everything.... I mean EVERYTHING. The coffee, newspapers, the safe in your room.... 18.00 per day, which is not included in the cost of your room?!?! I understand Hawaii is expensive, but that is why you stay at a Sheraton, correct? Hospitality? They charge you gratuity on top of your gratuities! Also, if you would like a nice glass of wine as an evening cocktail.... better do it before 7pm or bring your own. The bars and lounges outside close at 7?! Black Rock is very nice to have, but it draws large crowds to your "home" beach. With that, we found the Sheraton to be a nice hotel, but average resort. The grounds were very nice, pool was great, bartenders outside were awesome.... but the rooms, front desk service and overall value fell short. I know this contradicts most of the reviews posted, but we honestly were not impressed for the almost 400.00 per night honeymoon stay. Go down to the Hyatt! We spent our last 3 nights there and it was fabulous. Everything! Restaurants are wonderful, shopping area.... lobby is beautiful! If your planning a very special trip, the Hyatt is the place to stay. You cant avoid cost in Hawaii, so its worth it.