My family and I just returned (7/25) from our trip to Maui where we stayed 10 nights at the Sheraton. We have 2 young children and wanted to find a calm beach and a hotel with a water slide. After much research, we chose to stay at the Sheraton because of the protected beach and the advertised "stay at one, play at all" privileges that would have enabled us to use the water slide at the Westin. My son was quite excited to use the water slide and we tried to use it as soon as we arrived. However, we were terribly disappointed to learn that we were not allowed to use the pool facilities despite receiving a brochure at check-in that described the privileges. When I showed management the brochure, they said it was given to us in error and that the privileges had ended the month prior. They explained we still had the privilege of making room charges at Westins restaurants  imagine that  we could still do everything that entailed getting another buck out of us. I booked the hotel 6 months in advance and complained that I should have been notified of the change so that I could move my reservations over to the Westin. The best they could do was to apologize and credit our account each day for the daily room charge. Yes, it was nice that they gave us a credit, but tell that to my son. The worse part about the whole circumstance is that they allowed the Westin guests to use the Sheraton pool. It really made us feel like second-class guests. It sure was something to sit around the pool and listen to other Sheraton guests complain about the same treatment. We stayed in a deluxe ocean-view room at the top of black rock. The three elevator rides to the beach were not bothersome as you never had to wait for the elevators, and the walk through the corridors offered some good views of the grounds and ocean. Our room was a good-sized room with a great view off the balcony. I would say the room quality was only average, and the carpet could have used a good cleaning. Our toilet started leaking from the floor and they fixed it promptly; however, it threw off the maid and our room was never cleaned that day even after we called to let them know. We really loved the beach at this resort; although it was hard to find available chairs and umbrellas to rent. Snorkeling was awesome and we always saw the turtles. The sand is nice and no rocks or shells to hurt your feet. The grounds were maintained very nicely and the kids enjoyed the fishpond. It was very nice that the hotel was walking distance to Whalers Village as we had many good meals at the restaurants there. I do not recommend eating at the Sheraton, unless you are too tired to do anything else. The food is only mediocre for the money you spend. If you have a car, drive everywhere else to eat. I highly recommend going to the Hyatt for their Luau. The entertainment and food was outstanding and the service was beyond expectations. Blue Hawaiian Helicopters also gets kudos for the first class ride we took to see the waterfalls. In summary, our trip to Hawaii was the best vacation we have had, we just wont be staying at a Starwood property again. They just dont deliver on what they advertise.