This was our sixth visit staying at the Sheraton Maui, once before the tear down and remodel ten or so years ago and five time since. I am SPG Gold but no room upgrade - we booked Oceanview and got it. We were in building 4 and feel that - short of a suite - it's the best location in the resort. You're convenient to the pool and ocean, and a quick walk to the parking lot past the tennis courts. Thanks to an earlier reviewer for the tip that first day's valet is complimentary. Take advantage of it, particularly if you're just coming in from a Mainland flight. The room is unbelievably small. We didn't care because we weren't there much, but they are tiny! Greeting and check-in were great, Lei greetings and helpful staff. The room has an open fridge and, other than the obligatory $5 bottles of water, was free of high priced food traps. WiFi didn't work well but we could get a limited signal; room had a wired connection that worked about 75% of the time. We came here from Kauai, and immediately noticed the change in the staff and the guests - no eye contact and very little interaction that we didn't initiate. If you're from Southern California, you'll be very much at home here. If you talked to a fellow guest about where they were from, it was almost always Marin, Oakland, Orange, Riverside, or LA county. Ditto the other comments about guests getting up at the crack of dawn to secure a shaded pool chair. We were out at the pool around 9 or so and managed to find a spot but the choices were very limited after this. We knew better than to eat at the hotel's restuarants since no food was included in our package (we had a convertable car packaged with the room). Since our flight left late, we checked with Dollar about how much more we would have to pay for a couple hours that weren't included in the room package. First hour was $25 (acceptible), 61 minutes or longer less than a day is $76 plus all the airport charges (not acceptible). No budging on this, so we checked our bags early and traded Dollar for Hertz ($42 for 3 hours of a car, but just not giving any money to Dollar was worth it). We knew where the fitness center was, but it's tough to locate for new guests (2 or 3 elevator rides) and it is thankfully open 24 hours. The equipment is in bad need of repair and looks horrible. The elliptical machine's electronics and resistance didn't work at all. Hello Sheraton, if you're going to charge us a "resort fee" and tell us that it includes this, how about popping for some maintenance? As others have said, the Timeshare ("Sheraton Vacations") were located where you were forced to walk by their desk to go anywhere from building 4. Although they weren't obnoxious other than the fake smile and "Aloha" when you walk by, come on, Sheraton. Give us a break from this junk. There were two luaus going on both nights and we could see as much as any guest (more than we wanted to see) from our room. The Sheraton had always had a great fireworks show, and that was one of the reasons for staying there over the 4th (because of our past experience). We were disappointed to find that they discontinued this, starting this year. Lahaina had a great show that was visible after a walk down the beach. The coolest side trip we took was with Kahi Sindiong - he operates Ekahi Hawaiian Canoes at the end of the walkway (the other end of Kaanapali Beach away from the Sheraton). He charged us $50 a couple for to paddle along in an authentic Hawaiian outrigger racing canoe, complete with Hawaiian sea-turtles and great scenery. Find him if you can, you won't regret it. Best food on Maui is still Mama's Fish House. It's an hour ride from the Sheraton and worth every mile. They have lunch and dinner - we made it to one of each. There is a Roy's up the road to the left and in Kihei / Wailea that would be second choices to Mamas. Also great food and service at Ruth's Chris in Wailea, Good experience at Lelanis, so-so exeperience at Kimos in Lahaina, poor experience at Rusty Harpoon, and a bad experience at Bubba Gumps. Our flight was much later than the checkout, and the hotel offered us 1 pm checkout and access to the fitness center facilities after that (showers and towels are already there). No recognition of SPG Elite status. Bottom line, this is likely to be our final stay at The Sheraton Maui. Sad, because the property is in a great location and is well maintained. Fix the fitness center, train the staff, dump the Timeshare scum, and recognize your loyal guests. You've just lost one of them.