We stayed at the Lahaina inn for 3 nights. It was an interesting experience but it is definitely not a place for everybody - you will either love it or hate it. For myself, I would have chosen another accommodation option if I were to do it again. I will try to be as objective as possible and here are some pointers: Pros: 1. I think Debbi is friendly and helpful. On the day of check-in she actually tried to carry our luggage to our rooms even though we had 3 guys in our group! 2. I was under the impression that it will have no TV, but I was pleasantly suprised that there was a TV in the community room with all the cable channels you need. They even provide high-speed internet access (you have to bring your own laptop). My group hangs out mostly in the community room, chatting, making tea, watching TV, checking email and looking at photos we took. There are other guests coming into the community room occasionally and they are all very nice and friendly people. I think it is the best part of the whole experience. We stayed in 2 different places after this and I missed the community room. 3. It is in the heart of the Lahaina town, with all the restaurants, shops and galleries you need. We eat and walk around town until 9pm without needing to think about time. You really don't get that if you stay in Kihei. Cons: 1. My friends and my husband both experienced ant problems. My husband found many ants inside his computer bag during our stay and he was very upset. My friend also found ants in her candy that she had in her bag. 2. I loved antiques but I totally forgot about the scent it brings. The inn has a cinnamon-like smell that usually comes from older houses and furniture but personally I am not fond of. My friends didn't seem to have a problem with it though. You should test yourself first by going to a real antique store or an older house and see if you can stand that smell before booking the hotel. 3. I also find the room a bit small and I wish the bed was a bit more comfy. The mattress does feel like it is from the 70s or earlier, which you could say it goes with the theme. I wish they could consider switching to modern day mattress so you can get the modern comfort even though it is fitted in an antique bed frame.