We booked this hotel primarily because they offered a two bedroom suite. My husband and I and our niece wanted a nice, relaxing room to enjoy after a long hard day of cleaning out our deceased family-member's home. We were tired, and possibly not dressed-up by any means, but we should not have been treated badly by the fellas at valet parking. The valet made a disparaging comment to our niece, to the effect, "are you staying here?" She told him that she was, and he laughed at her. Please! Could this get any worse? Yes. I went to check in and, of course, we were told that there was some kind of "mess up" with our room. The check-in clerk walked back and forth to the back room for a good 20 minutes trying to .... who knows. Meanwhile, there were at least 4 other guests being checked in, with no problems by another clerk. One of the groups checked into a two bedroom suite...just like the one we had booked. After another trip by our clerk to the back room to talk to a manager, he said that he had our room. Well, not exactly. He found two rooms that were adjoining. I asked him twice .. were we going to get these two rooms for the same price as the two bedroom suite. We were assured that we would. We were disappointed but too tired to put up a fuss. Our room was very nice; big and very nicely decorated (even tho our bathroom door would not close). Our niece was next door and a janitor had to come and unlock the doors so we could have adjoining rooms. Our niece's room had a broken light fixture and, after we had gone to bed, she found out that the television did not work in her bedroom. We received our bill under our door the next morning and we checked-out early to return to get back to our tedious work. A couple of days later, I checked my credit card bill....and guess what? We had been double charged by the hotel. What a surprise. I called the finance department and I spoke with a very apologetic woman who assured me that the charge would be reversed and was surprised that this had happened. She was very professional and actually did what she said she would do. So, I give two stars to this hotel. One star for the lady in the accounting department and one star for the room we finally got.