What a mess is about all I can say. I do have some good to say. The location is great, the rooms are beautiful and the valet/bell hops are outstanding. By the way their wi-fi valet and gym cost you $20 a day in a resort fee. Now onto the bad I booked my room on http://Booking.com Three nights in a suite. Before I left for vacation I called the hotel to double check my reservation. They had no record of it. A couple of calls later to http://Booking.com and they were able to give me hotel confirmation numbers. Three confirmation numbers in fact. Upon getting to the Westin, it came as no surprise that they could not find my reservation under my name. They checked the confirmation numbers and found two rooms for the first night. I explained to Sara O. at the front desk I only wanted one room for three nights. She told me it was all fixed and she had put a bunch of notes in the record so that i wouldn't have any problems. The next morning I received under my door a bill showing me checked out. Another visit to the front desk where I was assured everything was OK. Later that afternoon I got a call from the shift manager Miguel asking me why I had two rooms reserved? I was left explaining myself to Miguel. Miguel apologized profusely telling me he was going to personally make sure everything would be OK for the rest of my stay. The very next morning I had another bill under my door showing me checked out. This time I choose to ignore it. Later that same day upon returning from a day out and about in Napa we get to our room. Arms laden with the day's treasures. Yep you got it,the room key didn't work. My wife agree's to go back down stairs to get a new key (the third one in three days). Once we get in the room there is a message from Miguel telling me how everything is OK and my room key should work. I thought I would call him to let him know what ever he did didn't work. I was on hold for 6 minutes hearing their on hold message about out "intuitive" their service is. By this time I am beyond pissed. Problems I understand. They were great at sincerer apologies. They pretty much sucked at fixing the problems I was having. Doretta Welch from http://Booking.com was no help either. She offered me an apology and told me she understood. Well Doretta, no you don't understand and I don't accept yours, Miguel's or Sara O's apology.