It is a nice new hotel. A bit lower quality materials compared to other Westins I stayed but fine until they wear out.. The hotel staff is not up to my expectations for a westin. The main issue seems to be managers do not understand yet what a good quality service their customers expect from them. Once the managers understand, they will be able to educate their staff but I do not think that that is happening. Now, staff is saying that they are sorry and that they are a new hotel but you do not see and effort to fix anything you happen to bump into. They have a weird policy valet only parking with a completely empty garage. If you do not want to leave your car to valet, you need to park on the city street where there is no security. But, the garage does not have any security either :-) gates are always open. Some specifics They have heated pool and jacuzzi. They pitched so well that my kid had to have it. So, we went but jacuzzi jets were not working,.Without us calling anybody, somebody came by, then a manager, then the maintenace person. Each of them had almost had the same words: Ohh! You could not work the jets? Let me give try. I told myself that there is no magic in this, you just turn a dial. It is not about me not knowing how to do it, it is just not working. They all came and they all went back. They couldn't/didn't fix it. But, did not come back and say why. My guess that it was not working for whatever reason, they knew that from the begining but did not have the face to tell to us since they are over selling it even while we were checking in. We ordered of the breakfast items two days in a row. Second day, it was fairly bad, no consistency. They have a nice restaurant. I checked out the menu and wanted to have dinner there. I mentioned to the host that my kid would not able to eats and if they can find something simple to eat. The answer was no. I asked if they can bring something from the other restaurant's menu. The answer was an arrogent no. I finally indciated that I want to have dinner there but my kid is paying he bill and need to work it out :-) Then, the host suddenly changed the tone and said they could prepare some pasta or make a meal size outof some smaller plates they have. Too arrogent for a restaurant that has only a few people for thw whole night - hotel was also near empty due to Christmas time. I ended up going to a nice country frensh restaurant in downton napa - Angele and liked it. On the day of check out, we had breakfast and charged to my room. I went to checkout counter and told them that I have an additional breakfast since the last night's bill I gave to them. The person did n even listen and said that I was done. I said I had breakfast that is not on the bill and I would like them to put that on the bill and reprint. She called the restaurant and I could see both of them talking on and waiter saw me waiting. I got the bell boy bring down our belongings with me - which is another 5-10 minutes. My bill still not ready and the girl at hte counter put the blame at the restaurant that they have not put the charge in so I just walked to the restaurant which was a few steps and asked what happened. She started to come up excuses that the others already checked me out so she could not put the meal on, etc., blaming the other staff. I asked her why should I care about these excuses and blames? I asked her to just do it, which surprisingly took less than a minute. The girl at the check out counter said that they are a new hotel and they are sorry. I reminded her that it is not about being a new hotel, and that she did not even listen to what I told her about adding my breakfast to the bill and she ignored my comment my request and said I am done. She just smiled back. There are other less important irritaing things such as hot water taking really long time (>5 minutes), changing channels on TV is full 2 seconds and you cannot zip channels through quickly, missing pillow cover, etc. But the main issue is that managers and staff do not understand they are in service business. Some arrogance which is very unjustified for a Westin motel :-), especially while hotel is practically deserted, and no effort in trying to keep their customer happy. I think somebody miseducated them that they are Westin that they are better than other hotels in the area, that they know it all via good training on what to tell the customer without thinking or listening first... It will take some time for the behaviors to change since most had the same attitude. I was explaining someof my unhappiness to the bell boy while walking out, he was feeling very sorry. He asked for my contact information so that they could follow up and make it up to me. I had to tell him that he knows my room number and the hotel has all the contact information they need (my address, my phone, my cell phone) and I can not figure out why I had to explain these type of things. Maybe, everybody working there is new to the hotel business, from staff to managers.