My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin Napa in September with a free night earned as part of the SPG program (just had to pay the resort fee that covers parking and wifi). My experience here was comparatively terrible probably because I had just stayed at some great SPG properties down in southern California (US Grant in San Diego and St. Regis Monarch Beach), but I don't think my expectations were out of line since the regular prices for these properties are comparable. We tried to check in at 3pm (pretty standard), but were told to come back in an hour as the room was still being cleaned. That's fine - we checked out the Oxbow market right down the street and had a great time and ate some really delicious treats. About 4:30, it started drizzling so we walked back to the hotel, the room was still not ready. We sat around for a bit but decided to take another room (not the same room type) since it was raining and we just wanted to settle in. By the time we got to our room it was already after 5pm. The room was nice enough - clean, large, kitchenette, separate bedroom. The two stars are for the room. Sadly, we only had a view of the parking lot of the hotel next door. In the morning, I checked the statement for our stay and it turns out they had charged us ~$90 extra. I called the front desk to settle this. They said it would be taken care of, and would deposit 2000 extra points in my SPG account for all the trouble (late check-in, error with the statement, room type not what I was supposed to get). None of this was done--my credit card statement still showed the extra charge, and my SPG account were not updated with the points. I called two weeks later and they had me leave a voicemail for someone who supposedly takes care of this stuff. I did. A week later, it still wasn't taken care of, and no one had returned my call. On my third try calling the hotel (three weeks later), I finally had someone work through it with me on the phone. The charge has been updated on my credit card, but the points still have not posted. I've wasted more time and energy on this hotel than on any other travel arrangements I've ever made, even internationally. I wasn't able to enjoy my experience during my stay OR even to try to think of any part of it fondly. Though it was just a free night that was used up, I still feel cheated. There's no way I would ever pay regular price for a night here! I might as well try to find a cheap motel to stay in, or stay at River Terrace Inn next doors (free continental breakfast, DVDs to rent out, check-in easy and on-time). In summary: it's not worth the price tag! But definitely stop by Oxbow Market next doors!