We just stayed at the Westin Verasa. Overall I was not excited about the stay there. When I originally called to book, the hotel forwarded me to corporate for the booking. The lady I spoke with seemed not to be 100% there and gave me a different list of potential room views than someone I had talked to a few days before directly at the hotel. I requested a rivew view and top (third) floor room. My checkin experience was probably the worst way to start a vacation. This is when I learned I got nothing I requested even though I did so way in advance. The lady who was handling my checkin seemed really confused and/or out of it. To top it off, they had charged me for two rooms (for just me and me husband). It was a big headache to get the second room charge reversed as it was prepaid. We had two other couples travelling with us. One got a "river view" which was more of a view if you only looked way around the corner. And they also had a clear shot of a neighbor's balcony. Our view was essentially a wall (but looking around we could see part of the pool - so it was deemed a "pool view"). We also had a closeup view of our neighbor's balcony. Honestly, I don't require an awesome view....it just would have been good to have expectations managed rather then selling it as "review views" and (the non-existent) "vineyard views" by corporate. The bed was VERY COMFORTABLE. We had a one-bedroom suite. The sofa bed did not have any sheets (unacceptable in my book). What's the point of having a sofa bed if it's not ready? The bathroom was nice - loved the double-headed shower. But at night, it felt as though the hotel either shut off or altered the overall room temperatures. It seemed you had to reduce the temp to the mid sixties just for it to stay comfortable. The common areas for hanging out were good. Plenty of space outside in the courtyards and the wine bar. The hotel location was good. It was nice to stroll to Model Bakery each morning and get a World's Best English Muffin. But if I had to do it again, I would not stay at the Westin Verasa. I have stayed at Westins before that are much much much nicer than this one. I expected more; and would happily pay more expensive B&B prices to be further up in near St Helena, etc. to be closer to the action of the good wineries and restaurants.