Short Version: Room: Not clean at check-in Pool: Freezing Hot Tub: Warm at best Room: Nice to have a kitchenette Tv: Not functional, even after a maintenance visit Service: Staff needs more training We booked a night at the Westin Verasa to enjoy swimming in the hot Napa sun, order room service, and watch an On Demand movie. We almost struck out on all 3 accounts. The pool was extremely cold and the hot tub was was probably 75-80 degrees at the most. The flat screen television in our room was broken; it kept freezing in mid-program. A maintenance worker came and replaced a computer chip in the tv. We asked him to activate the On Demand system and he instead instructed us on the proper use of the remote control. We asked him to check to make sure it was working. Once he confirmed that there was no On Demand service, he made a call and then informed us that the On Demand system was not working hotel-wide. We returned from dinner, switched on our "fixed" tv, and found that it was still not funcional. We were moved to a new room at 8:15PM. En route to the new room, another bell hop asked why we were moving. After we told him the tv didn't work, he said "That sucks". We were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite. It was a good thing the new room was a suite, because only 1 of the 2 televisions was working. The tv in the bedroom was totally dead... so much for watching tv from the comfort of a Heavenly Bed. After we were finally settled for the night I called room service and ordered 2 desserts from the dessert menu from the hotel bar. The woman that answered the room service line took the order without hesitation. About 5 minutes later she called our room confused and asked where I had seen mention of the desserts I'd ordered. After correcting my pronunciation of the hotel restaurant, the woman confirmed my order. There were at least 2 other instances of the staff's lack of training. In both of the other cases the staff guessed at the responses to our questions rather than checking with someone to make sure they were correct. This may be pretty typical stuff for a new hotel, but we figured that the Westin would have offered pretty intensive training and brought in some well trained staff from other hotels. We were disappointed. Next time we'll probably stay at the River Terrace Inn. It is less expensive, has similar decor and some better amenities (including spa tubs), less pretense, and far better service.