Upon arriving at the hotel, front receptionist Manuela asks how many people from reservation have arrived. When we told her the first time that all guest on reservation had arrived she asked the ages of everyone. She then asked who was staying in what room, we as guest where not sure yet who would room with who. Manuela then says that if we did not know and we put certain people in a room we would be charged extra ( makes no sense as to why). She then asked for the ages once more (even though we had already told her clearly that all five guest where present) and who was presently in the hotel a second time. We told her again that everyone in the reservation was here, all 5. The next step after signing the hotel contract was taking I.d. Photos. She did not call Nancy, one of the guest in the reservation. When we asked Manuela why she wasn't taking Nancy's photo, she replied because she was not in the hotel yet. We again then told her that all guest where present. She then gave a arrogant look as to tell us she knew what she was doing. Then she said,"poreso, Dile que venga, Tengo que tomar su foto". Too add, she was not welcoming, she did not offer us any champagne as the other guest where asked, I myself had to ask for three glasses. Later during our stay we also find out we needed the I. D. Cards to consume; Manuela also forgot to give us our I. D. Passes, making our family waste time having to go and pick them up. What was supposed to be a relaxing experience has been ruined. On a side note we also cannot believe How rude the employees are here. Instead of getting The the I. D. card I needed they make you feel stupid for not having one. When it wasn't even our mistake to begin with. It is also unacceptable to be given cheap plastic cups for beer consumption, for all this hotel promises, they lack attention to detail and well cooked food. Also, staff kept asking to go into to room to "check if phone is working", another day one asked if he could come in to use the phone. For all this hotel makes itself out to be, it's completely inaccurate. Food is also overpriced and over cooked in most cases.