My husband and I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Azul Fives (Feb 16-23). I must preface this review by indicating that I have never felt inclined to write a review for tripadvisor in the past. Moreover, I have always had a health sceptism about negative reviews on this site. Surely, the people writing the reviews must be too picky. I have never viewed myself as such. I also know that the management will likely respond to this post with the standard response that seems typical when there are negative reviews of the hotel - i.e. that it is apologetic for our experience and that it is apologetic with respect to our concenrs. In anticipation of that response, I would like to point out that our concerns were brought to the attention of management while we were on our trip and our concerns were not addressed. In my view, that speaks for itself and an apology or explanation now is too little, too late. In the interests of fairness I would like to point out that there were issues that we encountered that are not attributable to management and I have done my best to point this out when that is the case. The first issue is the food. The food is mediocre, at best. it is not gourmet experience, as stipulated in the marketing materials. On many occasions our food was inedible. For example, the steak we ordered was so full of fat that we could barely take two bites out of it. It was often cold, bland and tasteless. Azzero was okay but not the five star experience it is made out to be. Breakfast at Flavours was fine, but just fine. Sea Olive too, was also just okay. This is unacceptable for a hotel that makes the gourmet inclusive a centre piece of its marketing. With these types of expectations, one will surely be disappointed. The next issue was the service. We were treated very badly by at least two staff members. We were lied to in an effort to get more money for the resort. I will not delineate particulars here but suffice it to say, this left a very bad taste in our mouth. I must add, that this was the case, notwithstanding the fact that Azul Fives has many hard working, lovely people who do their best. It was confirmed to us by management that the hotel is understaffed and this is reflected by the slow service in the restaurants and the spotty/inconsistent quality of the service. The rooms are one of the positive aspects of the resort. We had a large suite and it was very nice. That being said, I could not use the jacuzzi as every time I turned it on brown water would come out. This was reported to the management but nothing was done about it. So too were our concerns about the staff members set out above. NOTHING was done to rectify or discuss this situation with us. As we were checking out, we were asked if we received a basket from the management to apologize for the inconvenience. We were told we had not. All we head in response is "that's too bad". This is not quality service. Finally, I want to add that it was confirmed for us by a high ranking member of the Azul team that Azul Fives is at the very bottom of the Karisma chain and we were questioned as to why we did not go to El Dorado. This was very disheartening to hear having spent a good amount of money on the trip. In conclusion, this is a 3 star hotel at the moment. If you have a choice, go elsewhere. As I say, were it not for my concern that others would experience the same treatment we received, I would not be writing this.