We spent 6 nights at the Azul Fives in early January 2012 with our 2 small children. We chose the Azul Fives because it advertised itself as so child and baby friendly. We did not find this to be the case. I'll start wih the good-- 1. The resort grounds are beautiful. The grounds are very well maintained, and the pools are beautiful. 2. The suites are beautiful. We had a one bedrom condo and it was very very nice. Huge soaking tub, nice modern kitchen, large couch to lounge on. Sadly, that's it for the good. And now the bad-- 1. The service was awful. The waits in the restaurants were ridiculous, I was so glad I did not do all-inclusive and spend my vacation waiting in lines and for service. After two meals in the hotel, we abandoned it and drove into Playa or cooked in our suite for our meals. 2. The food was awful. We tried almost all of the restaurants and I'm sorry to say the food was very subpar--bland and poor quality. Absolutely not worth the all-inclusive prices. Sorry, but using Cheez-whiz on nachos is just not acceptable at a 5 star resort in Mexico! I ordered tiramisu in the Mediterranean restaurant and it was absolutely not tiramisu. It was a tasteless gelatinous mess. Even though we paid for our meals at the restaurants (extortionate prices at that), we were not offered chips and salsa or bread with our meals. We saw waiters bringing these out for the all-inclusive people, but somehow we were second class citizens even though we were PAYING for our food. 3. The hotel overpromised and underdelivered. We chose it because we had read it was baby friendly. They advertise on their website that you don't need to travel with baby equipment -- they have everything. Well, they had nothing! We asked for a high chair for our room b/c we had a kitchen and planned to at least have breakfasts there. We were told no. We were never offered any other baby equipment for our room as advertised. The website said there have a welcome gift bag for kids on arrival. Our son was offered a bottle of water and no more. Everything was just slightly less than how they advertised it. 4. We had a full kitchen that was advertised as "fully equipped" yet had no silverware or utensils. We had cups, bowls, cutting board, pots and pans, but not a single spoon, fork, or knife. We asked if they could be provided, we were told no, though they did finally bring us spoons and forks, but no knives. We had to swipe one from the restaurant. 5. Finally, we were on the ground floor and had a pipe on our "lawn" that leaked sewage. We complained about this repeatedly yet never had anyone come and check it out. The first day we were there our 1 year old promptly stuck his finger in it and put it in his mouth. Despite repeatedly going to the front desk about this, no one ever did anything and we were unable to use the outside at all. 6. Oh and as others have said, the pools were cold. Pretty much not usable at all. The beach is rocky, and not nearly as nice as the beach in Playa. I would definitely not stay here again, and would not recommend others to go here. They just miss the mark.