We stayed at Azul Fives from Jan 1-11th. My husband and I have traveled to Mexico a number of times and I have never written a bad review on any Resortexcept this one! We would NEVER NEVER return to this resort. We booked Azul Fives last minute and I also should have listened to the bad reviews. Any good reviews on this hotel are from travelers who have never stayed at an actual 5 star resort, or a 4 or maybe even a 3. Azul Fives can not be rated as a 5. So here we Go. Upon arrival we were immediately disappointed with the drive up to the resort. Nothing spectacular at all. No security into or out of resort and immediately beside the Lobby are trailers and barking dogs. The lobby itself is small and nothing grand at all. Looks like a travel lodge lobby of a hotel. Check in went smoothly. Instead of an arm bracelet they give you an i.d card with your pictures on it. We were traveling with our 3 year old and she thought that was pretty cool. Well it was not cool at all. EVERYTIME you order a drink or go to a restaurant you have to show them this stupid card. So ladies when youre in the pool ordering a drink, you better tuck that card somewhere in your bikini. Or, get out of the pool, get the card, get back in and show your stupid i.d. After check in they took us to our 1 bedroom suite. The room was nice and large, but the kitchen was useless because there are no cutlery, plates, and dishes of any kind. Also our kitchen looked like it had never been cleaned with greasy fingerprints all over the stainless steel door. We also had moldy food under the sink near the garbage can. Our room location was in Villa 1 right behind the check in desk. So we could hear dogs barking and the view outside our room was of the main road and parking lot. Also across from the gym and the main buffet Flavors. We were always woken early to workers bringing there carts through and also from other kids screaming on their way to the buffet. We found the food was good and the service was always great when we ate at all restaurants. We could always find something for our 3 year old to eat. We did not like the layout of the resort though. The buffet was on one end of the resort, and the other 3 restaurants were on the far far other side of the resort. And when I say far, I mean a good 10 min walk from our Villa. This resort is not an ocean front resort at all. None of the rooms can you even see the ocean. There are 3 pools in-between all the villas with 3 swim up bars. Plenty of chairs around those pools, but good luck getting any in the sun. Also, if you would like a drink on your long walk to the beach you will have to get into the pools and order your drink. ALL the bars in this resort are swim up bars. So if you stand on the very edge of the bar and yell across, you may get a drink, but dont forget your card! When you finally get to the main pool, good luck trying to find a chair to sit on. This was the smallest pool in the resort. It is an infinity pool and the view from the pool is very nice, looking out to the ocean. We learned you had to get up super early to get a spot by the main pool. And even then good luck. One of the members that hands out the towels reserves all the chairs for guests that have tipped him. There are probably 60 chairs around that small pool. Oh and all the pools are NOT heated. Coldest pools I have ever experienced. Not fun with a 3 year old. They also have NO hot tubs at all on resort. Our daughter would have 2 hot baths a day. The beach was nice, but we could never find a chair. The ocean is not really swimmable. Lots of large rocks and Coral. That never bothered us because we never care to swim in the ocean. If you do like that though, good luck. The only place we found that you can stand and order a drink was off the beach behind the pool. However getting a drink took up to 10-15 min. All the pool and beach servers would line up to get all their orders and then the bartenders would take your order. Half way through our holiday we asked the front desk to move us to another AZUL resort but they would not accommodate us at all. They said to stick it out. Thanks. We contacted our travel agent and tried to switch to The Grand Palladium, (which is AMAZING) for the remainder of our holiday but we could not get a room for the full time. We then asked the Azul Fives to move us to another room location, they did. To Villa 12. This new room was a great location. We never once got our mini bar stocked our whole 9 days. I would stock up on water bottles from around the pool to reserve for the evening time. So my daughter would have water. When we did call to have our water and pop replenished, it took 2 hours for them to come. And they brought us beer No thanks I asked for water. Another half hour and they brought our water. Now the one thing that we were so disappointed about. And that was that there was NO nightly entertainment. Nothing for the kids and NOTHING for the adults. All other resorts we have been to have these Grand outdoor theaters with great entertainment EACH night. Azul Fives had nothing. The sky bar is where we were told they would have entertainment was so small you could never hold the capacity of the resort, and it was DEAD every night. The other thing that drove us crazy was there was no bar to even sit around and have a drink. The only bar you could have a drink was sky bar. This was dark and empty. So we would sit by the beach, then my husband would go all the way up the stairs ( so stupid, terrible layout) get us a drink, bring them down by the beach and we would watch our daughter play on the beach. We did that for a couple of nights, but the stairs and carrying our drinks down just got too much. The resort was dead because people were forced to there rooms with nothing to do, not even an outside bar to gather around and mingle. So lame. The kids club was terrible. Our daughter never wanted to go in there. And the times we did bring her in she wanted to play in the gym area, but you have to pay $5.00 every time for an hour. She would only ever play for 15 min, so it was a waste. So we would have to just tell her no. How fun is denying your child an activity. Also, parents beware that when they say a toy lending library they only have 4 toys to choose from. A walkie-talkie set (that never worked) a book, phone and and a vacuum cleaner. When we did ask to lend these toys, they were never available. So bring your own toys. Also buckets and shovels from the play place were always gone as well. We did meet around 10 other couples on our 9 day trip and we had a blast hanging out with them. ALL the people we talked to did not care for this resort and would never return. They were all disappointed. One couple had a roof top terrace but the Jacuzzi up there is cold water. They dont even have a hot water valve in the plumbing. Another couples room flooded. And we met this wonderful large family celebrating birthdays and anniversaries and they were so disappointed with the lack of buffet choices and how un accommodating the restaurants is with large groups. With just the 3 of us we had no problem getting tables at restaurants, but the wait could be up to 15 min. And the buffet would be empty. This review is mostly negative, I know. I have never been disappointed with a resort. Nor giving a bad review but I always appreciate and honest review so I can plan my holiday. I only hope this helps people, and that the resort changes things. They have lots of work to do to make this a 5 star.