This is a nice property for anyone who wants a vacation where you can lay on the beach in a lounger and sip drinks in style while looking at the ocean. You'll love it! Be warned though that the hotel in not "in' Playa Del Carmen, as advertised, but a 10 - 15 minute drive from town. Longer if you hit rush hour. I had counted on walking to the many restaurants available on 5th ave in Playa. Due to the location, this isn't possible. If you don't have a rental car, count on a 15 - 20 dollar taxi ride, each way, to get to town. I only tried two of the 5 or 6 restaurants, but the meals were so over priced that I couldn't enjoy them. Paying about $60 bucks for a buffet that would be a great meal if it was $20, makes it hard to walk away satisfied. Fortunately, the waiter was kind, and only charged us for 3, meals instead of the 5 of us, or it would have been much worse. This wouldn't be an issue I had opted for the all inclusive plan. While the property is ocean front, the rooms are not. There is a nice view of the pools, but the ocean is 500 meters through the jungle away from the closest room. The beach is not the soft sand that Playa Del Carmen is known for. You must be in town for this. At The Azul Fives, it's coarser, with lots of rocks and shell fragments. It is still better than Mexican west coast sand though. The water is too rocky to be considered safe for swimming right in front of the hotel. You'll have to walk 5-10 minutes up the beach if you want to swim. The programming staff did a great job of keeping people involved, with beach volleyball, soccer, and night shows. They were the high lite of the resort. The housekeeping staff did a pretty good, but not great job. Asking for anything above and beyond the usual was a challenge. Asked for extra towels, got extra blankets instead. After two weeks the TV still hadn't been fixed. We had a two bedroom with full kitchen, advertised to sleep 6. Great for 4, but the other two had to sleep on a terrible pull out couch. We asked for a cot instead, but that was something the hotel wasn't able to accommodate. the room was "surface Clean', but after a few weeks there you really noticed the areas that were missed. If this resort could be picked up, and moved to a location right in Playa del Carmen, I would be happy to return, but for me, the distance from town is too great to make for a good vacation.