My family of four with two daughters age 7 and 8 came in on Dec 22nd and we're leaving tomorrow morning (29th). The property (the rooms and pools) are very nice in appearance. We asked for a room with a good view, but apparently the only view is of the pools that meander through the middle of the villas. We were in the villa closest to the beach and our room overlooks what would be the ocean at any other "beachfront" property we've stayed at, but there are trees blocking the view of the ocean. I would estimate the beach is about a thousand feet from our villa, so there is basically no appreciable view of the ocean. Oh, and if you're looking for a nice beach, keep looking. The beach itself is rocky with crushed shells making up a good percentage of it. It isn't comfortable to walk on. It isn't like the beach at Playa del Carmen at all. The width of the property's beachfront area is pretty narrow; I'd estimate it to be about 250 feet. We kept running out of hot water on our first two days and contacted the concierge and maintenance was dispatched. The next morning they replaced the hot water heater to our room. After that, we smelled a kerosene odor every time we turned on the water. There was also a putrid odor emanating from the drains in the sinks, tub and shower. We finally plugged up all the drains and put a wet washcloth over the drain in the shower. That helped a little, but not completely. Again, the room is very nice to look at, but there was a light fixture over the dining table that was made up of dangly plastic pieces surrounding the lightbulb. Every time the A/C unit came on the fixture clanked together. Whoever decided that was a good idea should be forced to sleep in the room with it making noise all night. It appears the property must have sat for quite some time before the opening this past fall because the paint on the rails on the balcony is flecking off in multiple locations. The place was pretty dead, but the service was pretty lame. For the amount of people staying at the property we were expecting more. My wife and I stayed at El Dorado Maroma this past July to celebrate her 40th birthday and were so looking forward to this trip, but it has been quite disappointing. My recommendation to the owners is to bring the Maroma staff down here to train this group. Also, after having experienced the Gourmet Inclusive experience at Maroma, we were looking forward to a repeat of the culinary delights we had there. That would not be the case here. If they could duplicate the food offerings found at Maroma it would have made the experience a little better, but we found our best meals were in Playa del Carmen on Fifth Avenue. We'll go back to El Dorado Maroma, we won't be back to Azul Fives. Feliz Ano Neuvo!