Having just spent the previous two nights at the W on Stuart Street, my wife and I were very disappointed with our stay at the Lenox on 10/17 and 10/18. Checked into our room early which was nice but the room size was ridiculously small. Asked about an upgrade and they said they didn't have anything available; not blaming the hotel for me booking a small room via Expedia though. The hotel itself is in a great location for Back Bay and is gorgeous in that Fairmont kind of way. The issue I had with my stay was both the room itself and the staff I interacted with. Upon asking for an upgrade the gal at the front desk seemed to take pleasure in telling me that my room size is what I get for booking thru Expedia; inferring that had I booked directly they might be more courteous. First night's sleep was impossible; the air conditioning was mandatory b/c the room was very stuffy and small but the vent rattled all night and we couldn't sleep. There was some type of compressor behind the wall also that cycled on and off and was very loud, sounded like an air compressor! Lastly, the small fridge in the room would cycle on and off as well and was loud...absolutely impossible to sleep. When I asked about this the next morning at the front desk I was told that they would have somone take a look and see what they could do. The gal I spoke with I think was named Ashley or something and she (along with door/bag guy Peter) was very nice...definite bright spot of our stay. Returned to hotel later in afternoon and checked with front desk about our room as instructed, unfortunately, it was the gal from the previous day who wouldn't upgrade my room. She told me that the hotel was old and all the vents rattle so there is nothing they can do about it...but she did move us to another room for that night. This room was just as bad and had the same problems as the first; I got maybe 4 hours sleep in two nights stay at this hotel. I could not wait to check out and leave; I will never stay at the Lenox again and I advise anyone else who wants a good night's sleep to avoid it as well. Incredibly disappointed since I purposely chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews; my stay at the W the previous couple of nights was much better. I won't be back.