We used to live in Boston and remember the Lenox as a gracious, grand hotel. So this was out first choice for lodging on a return holiday. The hotel itself was perfectly pleasant, albeit a bit dated in decor. You certainly can't beat the location or the lovely views from the upper floors. The main reason for the low rating, however, was the surprisingly rude service. We are not picky or entitled people, but three specific events upset us enough to complain directly to the hotel: 1. On check in, the hotel insisted that the bell hop bring up our luggage, although we offered to do it ourselves since it contained items the children needed fairly quickly, ie: diapers(!). It took 30 minutes, despite an additional phone call, to receive the bags. To make matters worse, as he was leaving the room, the bell hop actually paused at the open door and counted the tip before exiting. Somehow this seemed astonishingly indiscreet. 2. We typically saw at least 3-4 uniformed staff around the doors, but they never seemed to be actually working. We did, however, overhear several discussion about dates, cars, and levels of drunkennous - all harmless but not necessarily appropriate on a Saturday morning in front of small kids. And to be specific, none of the uniformed "doormen" ever actually opened the door for us. 3. As we were checking out, we pulled the rental car up to the front, where the valet offered to hold the car while we went up to the room -and wait for the mandatory bell hop to retrieve the bags. The process took roughly 20 minutes. Imagine our surprise when we went back to the car to load the bags, and were told by the valet that "since we left the car with him for more than 10 minutes, he was now authorized to charge us $18 for the daily parking fee." We protested the unfairness, and he "changed his mind" but it left us wondering just what the intended purpose of the entire exchange was. Overall, the events left us feeling like the Lenox employees were more interested in tips and money than providing excellent service. Given the number of positive reviews on this site, we are inclined to think our experience may have been isolated. On the other hand, there are so many other competitive, grand, gracious hotels in Boston, I doubt we will be back.