I am really unsure if I would stay at this property again if given the chance. First I will start off with the positives. 1.Mostly everyone was very friendly 2. You can not find a better location in my opinion. We were directly across from Quincy Market/ Fanueil Hall and the haymarket. Also very close to the North End/ Little Italy (if you like cannolis you must try Mike's Pastries in North End), and the aquarium (did a whale watch here but we did not see anything.. money wasted b/c we had to return home the next day and could not use the vouchers) 3. I must not be a light sleeper b/c the haymarket was right below us and yes they are loud early in the am but we only noticed it on Sat and we are on vacation to get up and sight see/not sleep in, so we didn't mind. I really didn't notice too many other sounds but you are in the city and yes, there are police cars and emergency vehicles. 4. We paid for connecting rooms (one w/ 2 doubles which had a great view and a small balcony for one person) and one room w/ a king. All rooms were very well appointed although 1 very small towel rack, which I thought was absurd.. We had no where to hang our towels. The rooms were very clean and had everything that one might need. (except for places to hang towels. .there was one very small rack but you can't hang 4 towels on that when there are 4 people in a room) 5. I called a few months ahead for a reservation and chose to do the AAA Advanced Purchase rate which could not be cancelled or changed. Closer to the date I realized that the price had lowered drastically. When I called and spoke w/ someone at the front desk to see if I could get any sort of credit I was repeatedly told NO. However, I later phoned Garth in reservations and he was more than happy to accommodate me. Although I could not get a refund, he was very pleasant about issuing me a 'credit ' to use in the hotel. With parking being $42/day we were able to apply some of the credit here. Now, for the bad points 1. I had noticed repeated reviews on TA commenting on the A/C not working. When we arrived the a/c in the one room was fine but we noticed it was very warm in the connecting room. The temp was set at 68 and it was 78 in the room... not too uncomfortable but it was getting warmer by the minute. We notified someone at the desk and were told that is 'how the unit operates' and that we should simply turn it off, wait and turn it back on again.. WE did this and it worked for about an hour and then stopped working again. We called the front desk again and they sent someone up immediately. He looked at the unit and cleaned out 'black water' from the tube, hoping that would help. He was extremely helpful and friendly. We went out but when we returned, it was even hotter. That evening we had to get up almost every hour to 'reset' the thermostat. When we told the morning staff at the front desk, we were again told "that is how the unit works." They sent another engineer to our room who told us that we MUST keep the unit set on 68 and it will keep the room at 68. We explained that was way too cold for us. Although we were hoping to keep it around 74 we were forced to keep it at 68. Reluctantly we set it at 68 just to have it eventually creep back up to 80. Again, back down to the front desk to complain. It got to the point where we got the feeling they were tired of hearing our complaints. We heard "I'm sorry." but that was it. During the third day the same thing happened again, at which point they sent the engineer back who had been there the first day. He said there was definitely problems with the compressor but it could not be fixed until Monday, the day we were checking out. The problem continued all 4 days that we were at the hotel. Finally the manager did offer to move us but we had a connecting room b/c my parents have medical issues and they were in the other room so we couldn't move. I don't fault the hotel for this b/c they did offer to move us but I am upset and a little unnerved that they refused to believe there was an issue and we were treated like it was no big deal until the engineer himself agreed that there definitely was a problem w/ the compressor. At this point the manager did offer to refund one night. We greatly appreciate that but it was very annoying being told multiple stories by the front desk staff just so we would stop complaining. It was obvious they had no idea what they were talking about. 2. Another huge annoyance- the room keys provided worked the first time we entered the room but not after that. We had problems with the keys not working EVERY time thereafter. We would attempt to enter the room just to find the key not working. At that point, I would once again head to the front desk to get another key made, to bring it up and find that key didn't work either. Finally one of the gentlemen at the desk came up with us and realized that we were right and none of the keys were working. Although this seems like a minor problem it gets very annoying to have to get keys reprogrammed 4+ times a day. 3. When we had the multiple problems w/ the a/c and the key cards one of the gals at the front desk was very apologetic. She expressed how sorry she was and wanted to offer us a free breakfast on one of the days. She said that our letter offering such would be put under our door that evening. We awoke on Sunday and nothing. Same with Monday-nothing. Yes, we could have asked for it but she was not on duty when we realized that she had made an empty promise. 4. Parking $42/day and they park you on an open lot next to the haymarket. At least we could see our car but at that cost I would hope it would have been in a garage somewhere. Wifi- $9.95/day. My son needed this to finish an online course so he had to go to a fast food restaurant to use the free Boston Wifi. Overall this very upscale hotel basically has the location going for it. Mostly everyone was pleasant but I eventually felt like I was being a huge inconvenience b/c I expected our keys and a/c to work. We were in room 615 and were told the a/c would be fixed on Mon so hopefully for future travelers the hotel will take care of it.