First the Pro's. The location is excellent, outside you are a short walk away from restaurants and key sites, we left the hotel and had no issues finding the freedom trail which is a bit of history any newcomer to Boston shouldn't miss. We loved that there are several restaurants nearby so you're not wandering confused, and hotel itself is decorated beautifully, even the rooms. The Con's. We only stayed two nights, but found it rather uncomfortable. The fire alarm went off twice, once during a downpour, and the other time right before we headed to bed, I think around 10-11ish. The message on the alarm said to take the fire exit and walk down, but then a live person came on and told us to stay where we were while they figured out what the cause of the alarm was. I don't know about anyone else, but I've always been taught that when a fire alarm goes off, you leave the building. It was disappointing, so much so that people were just standing in the hallways confused. In addition, the first morning there, We stopped off at the front desk to grab a map. The receptionist was helping someone in front of me, which we understand, but then a group came in to check in, and rather than help us, she finished up helping her customer and turned to the new check-ins. I don't know about service but we waited about 5 - 10 mins. Finally we got so annoyed, I had to step in and tell her that we had been waiting before them. For a morning where only one person was at the front desk to help and only one person was in line, I figure she wouldn't think we were standing at the front desk for fun. Lastly, the wireless internet which was working for us for about an hour decided to cut off, the maintenance person came up, and unplugged and replugged a few wires and when that didn't work they told us to call tech support. Tech support couldn't figure out what was wrong so no wireless. They didn't charge us for the wireless, but when we look for a hotel one of the requirements is wireless. We had a 3rd day's stay but rather than rebook here, we went elsewhere. We will not be staying here again.