Stayed at Millenium Boston for 3 nights for training. Had not stayed in any hotel in Boston before but have travelled extensively to other major metropolitan cities in Europe and Asia. The hotel was still doing construction around the entrance to the lobby but inside the hotel the construction was pretty much done. Was put in a room on the 3rd floor very close to the elevators and a restaurant/bar. While the room was pretty spacious for a city, soundproof is something that they did not have. My first and last night there I was awakened only after being asleep for 2 hours due to some noise outside, and stayed awake until around 4am. Throughout the time I was awake I could hear the sound of the vacuum cleaner (someone must be cleaning up the restaurant upon closing), of door closing / opening of adjacent rooms as well as of the elevators. While they put a nice 40" or 42" flat screen TV in the room, It did not appear they have any digital cable service as the picture was crappy. Also the TV volume was preset and the only way you could either turn it up or down would be to call someone. I can understand them locking the volume so you cannot turn it up beyond a certain point but to turn it down?? The bathroom was lovely, spacious and clean. That was probably the thing I liked the most about the hotel. They also provided good quality amenities, including a 1875W hair dryer (some places I know only provide 1500W). The shower head was really nice, it was removable and its height was adjustable. The only thing is, the shower head was located on one of the longer sides of the tub (had not seen such arrangement before). Nice area, lots of nice little places to eat and shop nearby. Short walk to downtown / financial district areas. Overall was a nice hotel but there are some areas they could have included in their renovation, such as putting better soundproof and oh btw the room could also use more lighting! Pretty dark in the room with only 1 light right by the door, 1 desk light and 2 other smaller lights on the nightstands.