We booked this hotel because of the free parking and the location right in the city, we thought it was amazing, great deco, very pretty, but the more we stay the more we felt bad.............We ask about internet, is 15 usd plus tax, but if you upgrade to a presidential club, or what ever is free, not even at the lobby is free, we thought if we go out of the hotel we could get the free internet from the Hyatt next door, ja, ja, ja, ja, ja, ja, didn't try it, but it probably happenes. We try to go work out at the gym, no my friends is not FREE, they charge you!!!! first hotel they charge for the use of the Gym, that I know from around the globe!!!! But wait, if you are in the presidential club, you have it included................ We were afraid to look at their staff they might charge us for a smile!!! You want bottle of water from the room, is a charge directl to your room, twice the price from the pharmacy across the street. (This happenes in most hotels, so I guess is okay). But maybe in the presidential club you get a bottle of water for free.............. We order roomservice, they brought two soups and a pasta, very nicely set, and us like good Mexicans, we tip the waiter, with out looking that they added a 20% extra to the bill, we paid 65 usd for that light dinner............. It seem to me that they give you a good price of the room, but once you are there, they try to get the most money our of you from somewhere!!! Not happy with that, my friend that lives in Wisconsin and that stayed also there to meet with us got a call just last week from the sales manager asking "how was her stay and if she/he could help her with another stay in the future".......... that is the attitude, I smile be nice, and get MORE out of you!!!! No one really took the time to explain what was the presidential clbu thing they so much like us to join....... I think it was like 30 usd a day extra, you get a nicer or higher room, internet, gym and probably some other things............ if you don't have that, YOU ARE NOBODY, in that hotel!!!!