I went to Chicago for a birthday get away and to be pampered just a bit. The problems started with checking in. When we got there they promptly asked for a credit card to put a security deposit on the room. Stupid me I give them one and it promptly doesn't go through. I asked how much she was trying to put on the card and she says $800. Stunned I tell the desk clerk but its only a $400+ bill for the weekend. Wrong they had the wrong rates in the computer, thank goodness we had our confirmation from their website because they had pushed the price up from $139 a night to $169. We got that straightened out and I can say that we were pleased with our room. Because of the location of the hotel we had to catch a cab everywhere. Not a big deal, but that does add up. The doormen were GREAT. They did a much better job of taking care of our needs and all they did was called for a taxi each time we left and gave them the address of where we were going. We had massages down at the spa. It was an OK spa, but nothing to write home about. They had no whirlpool and the sauna was over heated. Again, I've paid much less for services and they were much better than what the Fairmont had to offer. Our real trouble started when it was time to check out. I gave them more than half of the bill in cash. I wanted to put the rest on a Visa gift card I had received. They couldn't get the card to work. They at first thought it was their system, but their IT person was no where to be found. I was then told that they would send me an email and we could take care of the balance in a day or two, but they would not put the balance on my best friends charge card. Well two days letter she calls me smoking hot because they had put the balance on her card. It took one whole day for me to get them straightened out. They never were able to use the Visa gift card. They then proceeded to act as if they were doing me a big favor by reversing my friends credit card charges and sending me a fax to show that the charges had indeed been reversed. I sent a message to their customer service, and I have had no response. I will be writing to corporate. Oh and the business man that was there with a group of 60 mentioned breakfast. That was horrible and over priced. $22 gets you 2 eggs, 3 cold silver dollar pancakes, 2 dried up sausage links and a handful of greasy under cooked hashbrowns.