Up For a Cubs weekend --we usually stay wherever Priceline can put us for $75 or so. That usually means the Hyatt, Drake, Wyndham Chicago, Burnham, Palmer House or Hilton Chicago. Since it was our anniversary and I was able to get a deluxe-view king for about $50 more under Fairmont's Friends and Family promotion (you need an employee id code to get rate--widely available on web)and since Fairmont is generally considered to be a Premium brand a cut above those listed above, we went for it. Pros = Beautiful facility. Our room's view was a knockout, Milennium Park. a slice of the lake, Field Museum and Soldier Field! Bathroom was cool--separate marble shower with huge "rain" showerhead and one of those big round backlit magnifying mirrors that lets you see zits and blackheads at about 10x. Room was also very clean and quiet. Cons = Poor A/C --it was a hot humid weekend. Though the a/c was set on high cool and 64* -- the room never got below 73* I know that is a fine temperature for most--but I cannot sleep unless temp is below 70. I've come to believe that a lot of hotels have some sort of non publicized low end governor and they decide how cool your room will be allowed to get. I want it my way and at a Premium hotel--should be able to get it. I reported it the first morning after the first night and they promised to send an engineer up.--We were out all day so I've no idea if anyone looked at it as they weren't considerate enough to leave me a message. At any rate the second night was the same as the first---hot and humid! First night we went to see "Jersey Boys" (great, highlight of the trip!) and returned to our room at about 10:30 and decided to order up a snack (hotel directory advises 24hr in room dining) after studying extensive menu and making our selections we called to place our order only to be informed "in room dining has closed for the night" !! Here we are in Chicago at a supposed world class upscale hotel and we couldn't get any room service at 10:45 PM !!! I guarantee you I could have scared up a cheeseburger or club sandwich or something at the Holiday Inn in the little Indiana city I live in. Geeez. Location --most reviews call the location good. It is unquestionably in a good, but business oriented neighborhood--other than the CVS across the street, it is about 3 city blocks to any shopping/dining/entertainment venues- (dining choices are severely limited at the Fairmont) so for my purposes, the location is average to poor. Concierge service: I sought the advice of the concierge on two separate minor matters---but each time the concierge desk was overwhelmed and people were waiting 3-4 deep, not how I wanted to spend my time--so I did without their counsel. Was the extra $50 or so per night worth it for the view and the bathroom? IMHO hela no! Won't be back.