My wife & I stayed at the Fairmont for 3 nights. The staff(except the front desk & weekend manager) were nice, especially the concierge & bell-hops. Our room was a little worn down & the a/c would not keep the room cool. The hallways were dirty & stained on our floor(33rd). We enjoyed ourselves anyway, not letting the accommodations dictate whether we had a good time or not. Things went downhill upon checkout. We booked a rate that included a $50.00 dollar room credit for any charges used in the bar, restaurant or mini-bar for each night staying there. We even made a special effort to visit the front desk to make sure we followed their rules the first night. They conveniently "forgot" to credit any of the room charges per THEIR promotion upon auto checkout. I went to the front desk & I had to explain the promotion to them. I had printed out the info from the Fairmont website before hand. The front desk clerk & then weekend manager at first said that you had to spend exactly $50.00 dollars for it to be applied. After I explained to her how absurd that would be she then proceed to rudely tell me it only applied per night, i.e. from check in to midnight was one night. Which made it impossible to have breakfast & dinner on the same day or breakfast on the day of checkout. It took 20 minutes to get it even partly right. They seemed to be perturbed that we would question their billing. The worst part of the ordeal was the attitude of the Manager on duty that at first refused to even credit any charges and then still left over $60.00 that should have been credited back. It was not the money that made us mad(we had 2 dinners elsewhere that each cost $250.00+ that weekend), it was the rudeness & ineptness of the manager that made me dig my heels in. I feel it was fraud to offer the promotion & not follow thru. For some reason the manager tried to set up her own rules & not follow the corporate policies. I will have a hard time staying at another Fairmont ever again. The hotel is a 2 1/2 star(maybe) but the front desk & manager turned it into a one star. They should sell their Bentley and invest in customer relations classes