Other reviews cover things pretty well. Like most boutique hotels they pretend to be something they are not and market to those who do not know the difference. You will see high prices on their website. Do not pay nice hotel rates for this place. You can and will get bargain rates via discount bid sites. For the price we paid  isnt bad. But had I paid the rate on their website, I would have checked out immediately. Overall the hotel is OK but there is much missing in the details and a few very low points. First of all  the shower had black mold in every corner and between many tiles. One corner was really bad. Youd have to be blind not to see this. I could even smell it. That is just inexcusable. Two, hot water is an issue in the mornings. They say its because everyone is using it. Well yeah  youre a hotel and people tend to shower in the morning. No hot water. What is this? My grandmas house with her 1940s boiler built for two? Grandmas house is free. One of most peoples positive points is one I cannot agree with and thats Showtime. This guy is just plain annoying. He pretends to be your buddy but hes full of BS with his hand out. Cant walk by this guy without him trying for a tip. I call it a beggar  others seem to find it entertaining. I preferred the other doormen. Which brings me to the hotels plus side; the staff were all nice to deal with. It appears this hotel has an array of room qualities so experiences differ. What I see is lots of missing details that make this a 2 start Supr * dressed up as a boutique hotel but with glaring faults such as bed skirt that doest fir the bed, chipboard closet door, mold in shower  its not competition for the choices you have in the standard rates on their website. Not at all. If they cleaned up the mold and addressed the hot water I would up my rating. The mold thing is really disgusting though and you have to wonder how its possible to overlook this and what else is overlooked. Location is good. Lots in the immediate area. Staff overall were pleasant. Parking is overpriced but thats Chicago. Showtime is just a beggar is disguise and he isnt fooling me. Seems to fool others  he is missing half the time as he chases people down the street for tips. That folksy BS rap doesnt work on or for me. Other doormen were normal and helpful. Common areas quite nice. Actual room looked kind of like the pictures but not really.