Just Google "Nicky O" (as in Nicky Hilton) to read up on why Hotel Blake has had so many bad reviews on TA lately. We stayed there as part of a wedding group with a block of over 30 rooms, and many in our group had stayed at the Blake previously due to its proximity to the bride and groom's place. Other than that, no one had much good to say about the hotel except that the rooms are spacious. The rooms are, in fact, quite spacious. There's no disputing that. But they're also in much disrepair. We had two TP roll holders in our bathroom which were pulled off the wall and laid on the counter. The knobs to the TV armoir were also loose, and the TV itself was a big cathode tube thing circa 1998 with only about 20 channels and HBO. Add to this that we didn't have a dresser in our room; though under the TV, where a mini-bar or drawers *could* have been, was a big empty cavern. All the rooms are different, though I only saw one room with a dresser at all. And definitely no mini-bars. During our four days there, we had our room made up twice and we never received fresh towels, despite calling repeatedly. I did call once and ask for hangers due to the lack of dresser drawers, and fortunately got those. Wifi is available, which is a plus, but it doesn't always work. If you need help, there is a number to call, but you will be informed that they don't support the Blake anymore. I was on the hunt for an ethernet cable and randomly found an unplugged Wifi router under my nightstand. We invited others to come soak up our Wifi. Many people have noted that there is no breakfast offered. This is a huge confusion. The restaurant in the lobby, The Custom House, is not affiliated with the hotel, but yet there's a sign in the elevator which says you can get breakfast there. The Custom House isn't even open for breakfast! Anyway, I guess the structure changed when Ms. Hilton purchased the place and things still haven't been addressed with it. There was a convention in town when we got there and they had donuts and coffee for those folks on the second floor. Despite having over 30 rooms, we had no breakfast, so I'm guessing one of the convention folks set that up themselves. I heard many people ask the front desk about the breakfast and were told to go to Starbucks across the street, which is hilarious, given that Orange is around the corner and awesome. I even overheard one guy saying that when he booked with Expedia it specifically said "breakfast included", at which point the desk clerk got pissy with him and said Expedia was wrong. We all noted that the front desk staff are stressed out because things are so crazy and management simply seems to be avoiding the problems. The most frustrating thing about the front desk is, however, that they don't answer the phone! In fact, it seems that they avoid the phone altogether. Many people compared notes on calling from inside and outside the place just to see if they could get someone! Like I said though, I managed to get someone on the phone to give me hangers and they actually showed up. The upshot is that the bell men are nice and very attentive, but let's face it, they work on tips. The downer is that they don't have hotel umbrellas. So if it's raining in Chicago, and you ain't got, prepare to go buy one or catch cold. To sum up: This is a nice property in a good location which is rapidly falling apart due to owner neglect. For the amount of money they charge, you can do better. It's a shame.