Arriving at the Swissotel I was excited. It's location is prime and beautiful (other than the major construction taking place next door - but I could see past that). You drive up and ask for valet, to which you are pointed in the direction of the TIGHTEST drive WAY underground to the garage. There are no signs directing you and nobody there to tell you where to park or drop your keys. We had to walk up to a window where a woman was busy paying more attention to her computer than any guests arriving in this confined sub-basement garage. She tells us to park right where we were and we left our luggage with the bellman who came out. We arrived at 11 and check-in is at 3. We knew that but were told our rooms (2 of them) would probably be ready when we arrived. Not the case, but that was ok. Once you get up to the lobby you quickly enter a construction zone within the Swissotel. A strange registration area where there is no real line, just people standing all over the place trying to figure out if they are in line or not was difficult to navigate. We were assured that our luggage would be safe and that when we returned at 3 it would meet us in our rooms. (Valet - $55 per night) We returned at 3 and were given our rooms. Lakeview rooms were actually complete views of the wall of construction next door. They are going to need to re-name those rooms because there will not be a lake view until you are well above the 20th floor. Our luggage was lost and they called our rooms asking us to describe our bags because they never tagged them, only "threw them in a room with hundreds of others". After 2 deliveries and about 45 minutes, we finally had our bags. The TV's were flatscreen and about half the channels wouldn't come in and the other 40% were snowy. The only channels that came through clear were the ABC, NBC, CBS and about 2 others. Beds were great (although our friends room did not have sheets on their bed). Very comfortable rooms. We set our room temp at 70 (about 80 outside during the day) and the room was still humid and hot through the night. The hotel was very loud. We could hear people using showers, toilets and talking in the hallways. You could also hear people outside and we were on the 19th and 20th floors. Wi-fi is available for $10 for 24 hours. Although when our friends tried to get it, they sent up an IT person who after about 30 minutes of trying to figure it out, told them that our whole side of the hotel would be unable to get wi-fi. It's hard to believe that a hotel that big and these days still charges for wi-fi... considering how much you have to pay to stay there! Woke up the next morning to a shower that was between cooler than luke-warm and cold. An hour later it was still the same way and never warmed up. Was the same for our friends on a different floor. The breakfast was the shining star of this terrible hotel. An amazing breakfast buffet ($26) was the best part of the stay. Very European and freash! I would walk to this hotel, from a different one, just to have the breakfast again. We were told that to get our car from valet would be about a 30 minute wait. We were then sent to the garage to pick up the car again and squeeze our way through the twisty turny skinny tunnel to get out. We have a normal size SUV and it was TIGHT! I would not stay here again. It's too bad because it is in a great location.