Arrival: Long wait time. Room type not honored for 1st night and was told not guaranteed I would get double beds for my 7-night stay. Also, told that I didn't reserve double-beds, but then showed the rep the printout I had. Rep also said if my daughter comes and stays for two nights (reason why I requested 2 beds, my rate would be increased from $159 to $200-something because they would lose money by giving me 2 beds if I stayed at the quoted $159. After standing in line for quite a while to check in, I brought my two suitcases up to the 20th floor. My room keys did not work. I then saw a worker on the floor, and the worker opened the door after I showed him my key room number. The room was occupied with somebody else's belongings, so the worker locked the door and I then had to lug my suitcases back to the lobby, stand in line again, and talk to the manager. The gal who issued my room keys had written the incorrect room number on my card, not to mention that she was also very rude to me when I checked in. The first night, I was in a room with a king-sized bed. The safe did not work, so I kept my valuables in my colleagues room on 6th floor (I was on 20th floor). Second and subsequent nights, my safe did not work. Somebody came to work on it twice. Said he would have to have an engineer look at it. Never left me a message that the engineer could not fix it. I called front desk. They told me the safe door was on back order and they could not get me a safe from another room (even though I was staying 7 nights). Major inconvenience. I was told I could keep my money, jewelry and netbook at the front desk. That was unacceptable as I was not going to run from the 28th floor to the front desk every time I needed one of those items, nor was I going to run to the 6th floor to my colleagues room. I left the netbook unlocked in hopes that nobody would remove it from my room. I kept my money and jewelry under the bed mattress. Not acceptable for my stay. Every time I pressed the service desk button on the phone, somebody would answer; and while we were talking, the phone would keep ringing, and a second person would answer. Once, I even had a third person answer while there were two others on the line. Unbelievable. It got to the point that I wouldn't even explain why I was calling to the first person, I just simply waited for the second person to answer, assuming the first person would eventually hang up. Group had a Karoake and Comedy Sportz night in the hotel. There was a cash bar. A beer or glass of wine was $9/$10. Everyone left because of the terrible price of drinks. Hotel bar had $5 beer. When I received my bill, there was a bottle of wine charged to my room from the mini-bar. I took photos of the contents of the fridge as proof that I did not touch the mini-bar. Along with all of this frustration, I was not offered a free night's stay. I think the hotel should have at least offered some compensation for all of this frustration.