The best thing about this hotel is the view. The views from our room were truly spectactular. The location is also convenient. Other than that, it is an average property and experience to me. I booked into the Swissotel for a conference I was attending at the Fairmont. The Fairmont was full when we booked so Swissotel was the alternate. There were two other adults in my party and my 6 month old daughter. I called the hotel ahead of time and requested a room with two double beds to comfortably accomodate my party. When we arrived at the hotel, late Saturday night, there was one person at reception. We had to wait about 15 mins before we were served. Upon being served, we were told that there were no rooms with double beds available only kings. I told the receptionist that I had called in advance with my special requests. After some back and forth, she tells me there is a double room available after all but that it will need to be cleaned and that it will be about 45 mins to an hour before it would be ready. We agree to wait as we really have no choice. Some 15 mins later, someone claiming to be the manager comes over to us and tells us there are no double rooms and the only thing he can do is give us a king room with a rollaway and switch us to a double the next day. No explanation as to what happened to the double room they were supposed to be making ready for us. Tired and exasperated and needing to get our 6 month old to bed, we complete the transaction and head up. Once in the room, it takes 2 phone calls and more back and forth before the rollaway bed is brought up. We are told that it will cost us an extra $50.00 a night to have the rollaway (smh at this point!). Nothing of the sort was mentioned at reception. We were told that there would be an increase in the room rate because of the third person in the room but nothing about a charge for the use of rollaway. Random charge being added perhaps?? Throughout the whole ordeal at check in, no apologies from the lady at reception for getting our reservation wrong, no courtesies, no smiles, she was downright cold and indifferent notwithstanding that we were standing unfront of her with a very sleepy baby. And that cold and indifferent face was the first we encountered on entering the hotel...well it set the tone for the rest of our stay. With the exception of the room service attendants and the very kind lady who made up our room everyday, the staff of the hotel, especially the front desk and the concierge was unfriendly and most unhelpful! For the last couple of days of our stay we moved over to the Fairmont and it was like a breathe of fresh air. Like night and day in terms of quality of service, attitude and standard of hotel. In terms of amenities, our room was nothing special. The view was great and the room including the bathroom was spacious but the shower stall and bathtub were tiny and outdated. We had room service a few times and also had breakfast at Geneva. Nothing special and expensive. I could have dealt with the issues with our room if were afforded a professional and courteous manner. But the attitude of the front office lady and the "manager" left alot to be desired and there are just too many hotel rooms in Chicago to subject oneself to poor service and incompetence. It goes without saying that I will stay at the Swissotel in future even if you paid me and will not recommend them to anyone.