We checked into the Swissotel on June 30, 2008 without any issues. We were upgraded (with our Swiss Club Gold, get online for free use of gym/ pool otherwise $50 charge) to a corner room. We had a great view of Navy Pier and the Taste of Chicago. The front desk staff was never very helpful when we had any requests for simple things. When does the shuttle leave for O'hare? How much is the shuttle? Why is the cleaning staff telling us they are out of coffee for the rooms? Can we borrow a screwdriver to fix our daughter's Gameboy? All of these were answered by blank stares and major confusion. On July 4th, we were checking out. I needed to print out our boarding passes. The business center was closed due to the holiday. I went to the front desk to ask to have 5 minutes of access to the "Executive Level" business center to print our passes. At this point the only place open with internet access. I was told "no, it is an access only room". Huh? I explained what was going on and they could charge us whatever, we needed to print these passes. So the hunt for the key to the business office began. Now most normal people would have saved the hassle and sent us up to the Executive Floor. After 20 mins of not finding anyone with a key, guess where I ended up...the Executive Floor to print our boarding passes, totally silly. Just not a great overall feel from the front desk or the concierge. The rooms were nice, clean and updated. The beds super comfortable. BE ADVISED!!! There is major construction going on right behind the hotel at the new development AQUA. Non-stop from sun up to sun down. Drilling, pounding, ect. Did not bother us as we were pretty far away. We could really only hear in our bathroom and in lobby of hotel. However, we were never advised of this. Several other hotels also have major construction going on around them, so not a huge deal, no dust, which would have been a bummer. Overall, our room was super cheap on Expedia. Would we stay again, if we could get the same rate. Would I pay over $199 a night, most likely not. You can get better customer service elsewhere for much less. If you dont mind the attitude of dealing with a rude staff, go for it. Location cannot be beat.