I rely heavily on what other people say about a hotel, thus, I'm writing this review. My hotel stay came about through a priceline bid. We paid $147 (without taxes) per night; Saturday arrival, Sunday departure. Our goal was to Christmas shop; first weekend of December stay. First and foremost, the location is terrible. "Close to" means quite a hike. Just to get to Michigan Avenue was several blocks. Then, you are at the END of Michigan Avenue. To get to the good stores you have another hike. To get to State Street to see the original Macy's and more shopping, it was an even further hike. I'm 37 years old and when I crawled into bed that evening I ached all over, but mostly my feet were killing me. My friend felt the same way; the next day our hips ached from all the walking. (By the end of the day we did start paying for taxi rides; we were miserable.) Secondly, the hotel is rated a four star and I didn't get why. It was simply a very average room. And, by the way, if you move anything in the refrigerator, you will be charged for it. The products have sensors on them. We put a piece of cheesecake in the refrigerator and had to move the items around to make it fit. The next morning we had over $60 in minibar charges that we had to dispute. Not much of a dispute; they took them off the bill without questioning us...but it was still ridiculous. Food is beyond expensive. Two decaf coffees, one bagel with cream cheese, and a small blueberry muffin at the "bar" in the lobby cost $18. Staff was very, very professional; however, where is the smile? Where is the kindness? Even asking the concierge was like talking to a drill sargeant. I just want nice! I did ask for a room upgrade...a "lake view." I was told it was $30 more. I declined. My friend's room was also handicap. Her toilet was very high...and she's short. It was very awkward for her. Then, the toilet seat cover didn't fit the toilet bowl shape. Also awkward. Just would have been nice if she had been told so she had the option of declining such a room. Our biggest problem with this hotel truly came down to the location. We agreed that we would not stay at the Swissotel again. Our feet couldn't take it again. Don't forget a swimsuit if you stay, you'll need it for the hottub on the 42nd floor. Your body will ache from walking.