Recently stayed her for 3 days for business conferences. I called in a few hours before check in time to see if any rooms were available for check-in, the operator connected me to the reservations desk. The woman who answered was rude and standoffish going on and on that you could obsolutely not check in until 3:00. So I called again, this time got the front desk, they did say if a room was available before 3:00 you could check in. Got to hotel, rooms weren't ready yet. Feasible since there were 3 large groups meeting there. Finally got a corner room. Looked ok. 1. Bathroom looked like it came out of the early 1990's with round circular lightbulbs going around the mirror. Shower was very tight and small. Mold growing in between tile. Fellow coworker had leaky shower head and door. I had a leaky showerhead.Toliet made funny noises after being flushed. Took forever to find hairdryer. In case you are looking for it's in a white bag in the coat closet hanging off the bathrobe. Overall bathroom needs a complete remodel. 2. Bed-= absolutely awful. Nowadays most hotels have nice comfortable beds. Unless you like really firm beds, this bed is not for those who are used to luxury pillowtops. The mattress was old and hard. Could not fall asleep on. Actually got a backache from it for 2 days. 3. TV and Internet connection: slow, they do have wireless. Wireless is free but to activate it and link your computer to it there is an fee of $10. TV has something to be desired. Even if you are waking up in the morning or winding down in the evening, the TV connection was bad due to use of sattelite. Co-worker had a snowy picture on all channels. Not much to choose from in the channel selection. 4. Exercise room: There is an extra charge per day per person to use the gym. Pool is free. 5. Parking: Unless you can expense for business, leave the car or rental car at home or airport. Overnight parking costs $45. That is absolutely crazy. Stick to walking or taking the cab, "El" or metra if you need to get around. 6. Elevators: Slow This hotel is definitely not a top hotel. For $219 a night it is lacking in comfort and amenities. Check out different hotels in the city. This one deserves a pass! Wouldn't never stay here for casual or business again.