First of all, let me say that the location, although "out of the way" in some manner, is rather a luxury. It is within walking distance, if you are fit to walk, to most of the attractions in the city including the mediocre and overrated "mall type" Navy Pier. The river is directly in front of the hotel and the view of the Navy Pier is wonderful, if you are lucky enough to get a room there. Now on the side of the service and staff, there is a real "snobbish" attitude that is probably related to the fact that the Swedish-German progeny of Europe work at the hotel, except as luggage handlers, toilet cleaners and car parkers. With this said, they were very rude and utilitarian, not even asking me if I needed help with my luggage, I had 8 bags in total and I had to come back twice to get them up to the room while being stared at by the "robotic like" security thugs. The hotel has no charm, the lackluster and practical design might move fans of Gropius but it is severely lacking in warmth or charm. It is CLEAN though, I must give them that. Upon entering the hallway to the rooms, the decor changes from the mild pragmatic blandness of the lobby, to a cozy, down home 'flowers and stripes pattern' that really works well after a day of hard sight seeing. The room is very clean, not too large and the plus is the bathroom, which boasts one of the best and roomiest showers I have ever had the pleasure of using. The neat rock tiles and cleanliness add to the dark color, there is even a large bath to use, although I did not take the opportunity because I was paranoid of getting a fungal infection at the time. The downturn is in the parking fee, which is something like $35-$65 a night and is absurd, considering my car was lost for a few hours in the dingy cement style basement. So, in all, I would definitely stay here again, even though the service stinks, the restaurant is for rich patrons with money to blow and the people are snobs, the rooms make up for it. The cheaper place to park is on Michigan Ave by the Art Institute in one of the city run underground parking chambers, it is only about 12 blocks away if you are up for it.