I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for 3 nights: August 31st-September 3rd. I booked my room via Priceline.COM and got a decent rate. I think the hotel overall is good, not great. I have stayed at many nice hotels in this class before. I had also stayed at the Swissotel Boston several years ago and this was a much different experience from a service point of view. This is the only Swissotel in the US now as the Boston one I believe is now a Hyatt. The hotel seemed understaffed at the front desk as there was only one agent when I checked in. At anytime in my stay I only saw at most, 2 agents and many times there was a line. I thought that the concierge staff was OK, certainly not too pleasant, but adequate. I got an early check-in by calling the hotel the morning of my arrival. I was happy to be able to check my stuff in at 9AM vs. 3PM. Granted, they put me in a room by the elevator on the 33rd floor but I wasn't about to complain. Quite honestly there wasn't a lot of noise outside my door and I was not in the room a lot of the time. Regarding the room itself though, there was a problem with my minibar, the refrigerator didn't work. The internet access/guest services/movie selection didn't work either. Of course I called downstairs and was put on endless hold due to them not being staffed sufficiently. I hung up and just dealt with it, I didn't want the hassle when I am on my way outside to enjoy the beautiful weather I had while I was there. So the issue never got resolved and I am sure the next guest had to deal with it. I had a note slipped under my door early Friday morning telling me that they were working on the guest services/movie thing and that they hoped to have it back working that night. Also, that the water in the hotel would be turned off from 9:30AM-11:30AM. I took an early shower that morning. The view from my room was really nice for the most part, but I wasn't going to be sitting in my room staring out the window either. The location on Wacker Drive is fine in that you can walk a couple blocks up to Michigan Avenue. It's a block away from the Hyatt which I have also stayed at and isn't as nice as the Swissotel but at least its better staffed. It's two blocks from Millenium Park which is very nice. There are a couple of fountains in Millenium Park designed for kids to play in that is nice if you are staying here during the warmer months. Perhaps my room was the only one that didn't have a working refrigrator/minibar. I would say if the company is paying for it, the hotel is fine. However, if you are doing this for a special Chicago experience, look elsewhere. There are better hotels and better locations to be at in Chicago.