Trouble in this hotel began when I entered the room and found it to be a room designed for disabled people and next to the elevator bank. I went straight back to reception and got a new room so up I went again. It turned out to be one of the odd-shaped but ok corner rooms, the design being a result of the triangular shapre of the building. Again, elevators could be heard. From talking to other guests, I concluded that rooms ending with numbers xx1, xx2, xxx19 and xx20 should be avoided unless you enjoy listening to elevators going up and down! The worst experience during my five night stay was breakfast. The lower-level restaurant called Geneva is run-down, both the carpet and the chairs need cleaning, not to mention the color design dating back approx. 20 years. The worst were the clorox-like smell on that floor and the level of service provided by the staff. One morning, the order of scrambled egg and bacon turned out to be fried eggs and sausage, one other morning, the french toast showed up as two slices of french toast on a bare dish, all the extras were just missing. What a sight! The staff is not helpful and sometimes hardly able to understand even a simple English sentence. Back in the room, the cleaning staff never made it there before 4pm in the afternoon, not very exciting when you have to spend a rainy weekend in the windy city! And due to the lack of a sign, you cannot indicate to the cleaning staff early in the day that the room is ready. Upon checkout, I was told that the printer was offline and no receipt could be printed, but was promised to get a pdf file per email asap. As one could expect, nothing happened and only after writing to the GM could I finally get the invoice I needed for the expense reporting. Alltogether, this seems to be a somewhat run-down place, far from its old glory and catering to a two- to three-star crowd of tourists, conference attendees and, at least over the weekend, the wedding croud. No reason to return to this place, there are better places more or less just around the corner. Sad to write this as a previous key customer of Swissotel, a chain which seems to be at the end of its lifecycle.