While the rooms are quite nice, I was dismayed by the snotty service I received at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was there for five nights, attending a conference, and was staying at a different hotel than my boss, who had the business' credit card. When I attempted to check in, I stated that I wished to drop off my luggage in the room and to freshen up, and that I could provide the credit card used to reserve the room in an hour, when my boss would be there for us to go to dinner. I didn't want a hold placed on one of my personal cards. At first, they were not going to allow me to check in. They didn't give me any option either. I persisted, and ended up having to give the front desk one of my personal checks in order to receive the room key. I then realized they were going to place a hold on my account anyway, which was fine as I had the funds and was simply wanting to get checked in. Even though I had about $1500 in my account, there was an error with the hotel's communication with my bank. I was told that my check wasn't any good. As far as the hotel clerk was concerned, I could just walk away, have a seat (with all my luggage), and wait. I asked if I could use her phone to call my bank. When my bank informed me that I had the funds, I asked my bank representative to give this information to the clerk. She did so. When they ended their conversation, however, this clerk asked her manager (right in front of me !) how they could trust that it was indeed my bank that I'd called !! She said I could have just called some friend. I was flabbergasted. Thankfully, the manager permitted me to check in, and they held my check. An hour later, when my boss arrived for dinner, I produced the credit card and asked for my check back. I was told that the clerk who had assisted me was on dinner break and that I'd have to come back later. My boss took over the conversation and asked why that should matter. Ten minutes later, I had my check. So, while the rooms are very nice, I will never stay at a Swissotel again, in any city.