The hotel has a Michigan Avenue address, but its main axis runs east-west along 11th St. This means only two rooms per floor, at the eastern end, face Grant Park and the lake, the rest face either north or south, looking out at tall buildings. All rooms are of the same size, or very close to it, and they are of modest size, especially by American standards. Ours had a standard (and comfortable) double bed, which left enough space for reasonable comfort, but nothing more. We took a lake-facing room. We paid a substantial premium for this, but the outlook was very nice, indeed. However, we were on the 9th/top floor, and I would think at anything on the 6th or below, the more limited outlook would not justify the cost. Further, these rooms face Michigan Avenue, which is a very busy city street - on the 9th floor, traffic noise was quite intrusive; below that, it would be progressively worse. There is a valet parking service, for which the daily charge is $24 (plus tax). I thought this was quite a hit, but it turned out to be reasonable in comparison with other nearby sites, of which there are many; in fact, I didn't find one cheaper. The parking used is adjacent to the hotel, just metres away, but there is no self-parking and the hotel will not allow you to access your car while it's parked there. If you want to do so, they have to bring the car to the door. The hotel's location, directly opposite Grant Park and about a mile south of downtown, is really good, certainly at this price. The #3 bus runs past the door, and it will take you north to the Magnificent Mile in about 5 minutes. We were very pleased with the location. But we had several irritating problems. When we arrived, the room had no lighting at all except for two low-powered bedside lamps - it soon got too dark! We asked for a floor lamp and that was duly delivered, with the comment that it should have already been there - did no-one notice this? Next, because of the number and location of electrical outlets, we found the microwave would not work unless the fridge was unplugged, and vice versa. We complained about this, and a man duly arrived with sundry electric cables and, eventually, got everything to work. Again, sloppy. Finally, there was the wifi, or lack of it. Wifi is supposed to be available in all rooms, but would not work in our room (although, when I tried my laptop in the lobby, that worked fine). We stayed for 3 days and, still, when we left - no room wifi. Annoyingly, the reception staff always tried to deflect this issue to their service provider (their first proposal was that I, a guest, should contact this provider) without, I believe, making the slightest effort to fix the problem. On checkout, they conceded "there might be a problem on the 9th floor", still attributing it to their ISP. I doubt this situation will ever change so, if wifi room connection is important to you, I recommend you test the room offered before committing to it. We enjoyed the location, the room was comfortable, and the rate for this location was not bad. But........irritating problems!