We booked a Saturday night stay for the Mag Mile Lights Fest...got a *great* rate thru Travel Ticker. The location could not have been more perfect as we could see Water Tower Place from our room., so we were about a half block from Michigan Avenue. We booked a regular room, not a suite, so we had the setup where you walk down a few stairs after entering the room to the area where the bed is. The bed had the "pillow menu" which I thought was a quaint touch, and the bathroom had the metallic orange wallpaper, which ummm..no.. The bathroom and mini-bar are at the top of the stairs. Our room had a king sized bed and a recliner chair in it. We were happy & surprised that we were able to get into our room late in the morning, well before the offical check in time. We had also prerequested the "walking tour" kit and it was delivered shortly after we checked in. We also received a phone call from the desk to ask how everything was, which I thought was a nice touch. The room felt a little cold to me, though, so we cranked up the heat and headed off for our day's adventure. When we got back to the room...hours later...it was still freezing, so we called the desk and they said they would send someone up to check it out. We headed off to the rooftop bar for a drink. It was very pleasant,, as it is on the top floor of the hotel, and you get an excellent view of the city all lit up at night. It would be even better during the summer months, as it was just a bit too cold to actually sit outside, so we just stayed indoors. When we headed back down to our room, the maintenance guy was still there working on the heat, and the room was *still* cold. He told us that the heating system in our room was deifnitely not working & offered to relocate us to the room right next door. He said that our heat should *probably* start working soon, but that the room next door had heat NOW, and the room next door had all of the same amenities as our room did, and he would help us move our luggage to the next door room. We did peak into the room before we moved everything and it did look the same and it did feel warmer. It was something of a hassle to move all of our stuff, but we went ahead and moved it. Only after we were in the new room did we realize that the room was not identical to the first one. First of all, it was at the end of the hall, so the second room was quite a bit smaller than the first one we had. Also, the comfortable reclining chair that my husband just loved sitting in was not in the second room. (There was just a small ottoman, sorry not the same). The work desk was about half the size of the one in our first room. We were rather disappointed, as after walking around the city all day, that recliner chair had looked quite comfortable. We saw the maintenance guy in the hall and asked if the heat was now okay in our first room, and he said that it was, and we decided to haul all of our things back to the first room. I was told that the heat was going to work all night, and I had to believe that it would. Thankfully, we didn't have a lot of stuff to move. And even better, the heat actually did work all night. We also had quite a bit of noise from people running up and down the halls during the night-- I know that the hotel can't do much about that, but just an FYI for light sleepers. Also, there is some kind of construction going on right next door to the hotel, which is quite loud. Overall, the location of the hotel is great, and some of the amenities are very nice, too. However, you do expect that the heat in your hotel room will work, especially in Chicago in November! Also, I would have really liked if the hotel offered some kind of complimentary breakfast, even a continental breakfast would have been greatly appreciated. (There was a coffee maker in the room, but it was kind of odd, as it only brewed one cup of coffee at at ime?). I did fill out the hotel survey and got a very nice letter from the hotel management rep, but again, heat is just something you expect to come standard, not to have to pay extra to get.