We stayed here for a wedding we were attending in Chicago. I called the day before and then the morning of our arrival date to arrange early check-in. We arrived at 2:30pm for a 3pm check-in time and were told that our room was not ready. Our friends, who were also in town for the wedding, checked in 2 minutes after us and were given a room immediately. They had not called for early check in. Seems a little peculiar... We went to get into our room and found that the key didn't work. We took the elevator down 11 floors (elevators took forever in this hotel), got another key and returned to find that this key did not work either. We called from the hallway phone to have someone send up a another key. We later realized that it wasn't the keys that kept malfunctioning, it was the electronic key contraption on the door. EVERY time we tried to get into the room all weekend it took at least 5 minutes and putting the key in and out of the hole 20-30 times. Several times throughout the weekend we had to have security come up and use a special key to let us in. At one point my husband called the front desk to be let into the room yet again and the front desk was quite short with him and said someone would be up in 10 minutes because they were busy. The staff member he spoke with also said "Have your ID ready or we won't open the door". I understand security procedures, but there are better ways to treat your guests... The room had older decor and a tv that was very old (small with no flat screen). We did not watch much tv, but were surprised that it was so outdated. Our friends said that the tv in their room only showed half of the picture and the other half was back. Our other friends who were getting married told us that they had made welcome bags that the hotel was supposed to hand out upon guests arrival. We never received a bag and when I called to inquire about it, the management made excuses about why the bags were not handed out (they couldn't find the wedding guest list, they couldn't read the hand writing on the labels, they were too busy to focus on welcome bags at the time of check-in). Overall, I would NOT stay in this hotel again and I would not recommend it to my friends or fellow travelers.