We stayed for a three days over a weekend. The front desk staff were consistently professional, but cleaning staff was very uneven. Upon arrival, we noticed the room hadn't been completely serviced which was an indicator of our experience for the next three days. The first time the room was serviced, they provided no soap or shampoo. When we asked for some, we received (6) towels. The next day, we had some leftovers from a restaurant that we did not finish, so we threw them in the garbage. The cleaning staff did not empty the trash when they serviced the room, so we were left with two day old food in our trash can. Gross. The t.v. was from the late 1980's, so we were enjoying ESPN highlights in something akin to cave drawings. If you go, you will need the ice bucket to keep anything from the minibar cold. Don't let the refrigerator coils on the back of the unit fool you...according to staff, this is NOT a refrigerator, but service staff is careful to replace all of the items everyday so that all of the beverages are cold and fresh. From our experience with the service staff and my husband's warm beer, this is highly unlikely. The bed was fine. My husband liked the feather bed and slept well. However, the walls are extremely thin and we were promptly awakened at 6am every morning by our neighbors screaming kids. Not a feature. A surprising asset is the hotel restaurant - Fornetto Mei. I had the Gold Coast salad with mixed greens, raspberries, granny smith apples and champagne vinaigrette and a really nice beef carpaccio with fresh arugula, slivered almonds and the beef was so, so tender, thin and delicious. My husband had their pizza d'asti with hand made fennel sausage, pancetta and prosciutto. The crust was really light with nice, crispy air pockets and the sauce was simple and delicious. We didn't have a lot of expectations for this place, so we didn't bother ordering wine, but I wish we had...it was a wonderful surprise. The location is great, which just means it's a quick escape from the mediocre experience of this hotel and on to the great city of Chicago.