My partner and I have traveled to Chicago on business dozens of times over the years and continue to visit every couple of months to visit family and friends. We stay at a different hotel each time to experience the differences in location, ammenities, decorating styles and skyline views. We recently stayed at The Whitehall Hotel on E. Deleware Place and were shocked at the rooms. We knew it was a 1920's boutique hotel and had heard favorable comments from friends who had stayed there in the past so were eager to see what we would find. We stayed two nights checking in on Saturday left on Monday morning. This hotel is listed as a four star hotel and is priced as such. Shockingly, the rooms had not been decorated (or redecorated) in at least 15 to 20-years or longer. With all of the competition from new, hip hotels with current room furnishings and flat screen TVs, the Whitehall rooms were so outdated and worn, we wondered what was wrong with the management and hotel. There is a huge difference between good traditional furnishings and worn, outdated furniture. Our room was on the side of the hotel looking at a solid wall of the building next door. I have not seen an armoir in a hotel room in a number of years now that TV manufacturers have introduced flat screen TVs but there was barely one foot of space between the beat up armoir with the large outdated TV and the foot of the bed. Very tight and inconvenient for two adults to try to maneuver in the small room. The upholstered furniture was so thread bare that the stuffing was exposed. The plaster ceiling in the bathroom was crumbling and falling apart in two places from obvious water damage from what we assumed was the room above. Again, we were shocked based on the hotel's reputation and price. The hotel was fully booked on Saturday night but they moved us to a larger and different room on another floor on Sunday night when they had less guests in the hotel. That room, while still well outdated in its decorating and furnishing, didn't have the stuffing coming through the chair seat material nor ceilings falling in. I must admit though that the beds and pillows in both rooms were absolutely heavenly and I could have stayed in the pillow soft beds for days! Both beds had pillow mattress tops, thick downy comforters and large downy soft pillows. Both my partner and I admitted that we had two of the best nights of sleep we've both had in a long time by sinking into the beds. Almost forgot, the hotel has a very comfortable panelled lounge with deep couches and chairs which was perfect for curling up and reading the Sunday newspaper along with the complimentary coffee served in this room. If the hotel would update the rooms and ditch the armoirs for flat screen TV's, the rooms would be roomier and far more appealing. With all of the other similarily priced but currently decorated and updated hotels in the Michigan Avenue area, I would need to see major changes to the rooms before I'd recommend The Whitehall Hotel to my friends.