First of all, let me just say that the location of the hotel is great, especially if you want to shop on Michigan Avenue/Rush Street. When I arrived to check-in at 5pm on a Friday afternoon, I asked the front desk personnel if it would be possible to get two double beds, or even a King (since I was travelling with a friend.) She looked at my reservation, then looked down her nose at me and said with snotty disdain "Ooh, I see you booked your stay through a third party website. I am sorry, all the kings and double rooms are "committed" for this evening." (She implied that kings/doubles are only available if you book directly with the hotel. Otherwise, you're stuck with a random room that nobody else wants.) When she said that, I found it rather odd that (1) every other king/doubles room was fully occupied at that point in the day, and (2) that every other guest had already checked in for the night, and there was only 1 room left in the entire hotel for me. If the king rooms were already "committed" to some other guest, why did I not have the ability to have them reserve one for ME??? Very suspect, and very strange. As I was waiting for the elevator, someone else came in, and asked for a king bed. The clerk "Yes, sir, we do have a king available for you." I was livid. But I proceeded to my room, and my room keys did not work. After another trip to the lobby to get proper keys, I promptly entered the room to find that it was a very odd-shaped corner room scarely larger than a closet. The foot of the bed (a double bed) was so close to the armoire, I could barely open the cabinet doors. Because of the odd shape, it was hard to find a place to set our luggage without bumping into something else. Furthermore, there was no furniture/drawer space to unpack your luggage if you are planning to stay in the city for more than one night! The furniture was terribly outdated, the table tops on the desk, nightstands, and side table were badly scratched/damaged, the airconditioner ran loudly and sounded like a washing machine in mid-cycle, the alarm clock was faulty, and kept "crackling" audibly all night, the TV cable channels sucked (a majority of the channels were either sports or news) and the walls of the room were paper thin. We could hear every conversation in the next room. The front desk staff didn't seem knowledgeable about the area. When asked where the nearest pharmacy was, she mentioned the Walgreens on Michigan (4 blocks away.) However, there was a Walgreens only about 1.5 blocks away over on Rush. The best was when I left early one morning, the door man was standing there picking his nose, then reached out to grab the door to open it for me. I made sure not to touch that door from that point on. The Whitehall should treat all customers the same...and not give preferential treatment to customers who book their room directly with the hotel vs. a third-party website. If I had to recommend this hotel, I am not convinced I would. It needs major updating, and the staff needs to be schooled on the art of etiquette.