The Whitehall Hotel is Chicago's "only truly independent boutique hotel." What that means for most travelers is irrelevant. And it should be. When one stays at a hotel, three basic criteria should be met: 1) the room is clean 2) the room is quiet and safe 3) everything in the room should be in working order. The Whitehall is clean. But the service is lacking in many ways. The noise from hallway activity and other room doors closing is easily audible in the hotel room. Nothing seemed to be in working order. But, things were promptly fixed. I stayed at the Whitehall four nights and just checked out. I am now across the street at the Four Seasons, as a colleague allowed me to use the business center at the hotel there. They have complimentary computer access. The Whitehall does not. The Four Seasons also has nice little amenities, like complimentary drinks in the lobby, bottled water at the front door, and stuff that makes you truly feel welcome. The staff is friendly and helpful. At the Whitehall, there are no in-room coffee makers but coffee service from 7-10am. There are no ice makers but room service will gladly bring you a full bucket of ice. The staff is friendly, but at some points in my stay of little use. One person in my party who got a room on the ninth floor moved to a room on the 8th floor because the heater/cooler/air vent box had a pinging noise that wouldn't stop. Also, the bathroom smelled like a nursing home. Even the bell captain who came in to assist in her room move put his fingers up to his nose. My room was fine. The furniture is a little worn, but perhaps that is what "boutique hotel" is all about. My clock radio was broken, so that when you went to set the alarm the time kept winding backward. I called the front desk, and a Spanish-speaking housekeeper promply came up to my room and replaced the radio with a new model. She also volunteered to set the clock and the alarm, but she could not understand the Engish directions so I stepped in (I am bilingual). Later, I learned that my phone in the bathroom did not work properly, the cordless desk phone was inoperable, the knob for the bathroom vent was broken and that the colour settings of my television were off and there was no way to fix them. I told the front desk about all of this on Friday at about 10:30am, when a package that had been sent overnight via FedEx from Miami on Thursday morning should have arrived. It was urgent, as my convention sessions were rapidly coming to a midday end, and I needed it. Fast. I waited about 20 minutes for Heather at the front desk to track down the person that takes care of packages that are sent to guests. After 20 minutes, I was told no package was there. Frustrated, I ran back to the Drake, where I was certain things like this didn't happen. But the Drake wanted me to spend about $269 a night plus tax for a room. The Whitehall, with tax, was $160 a night. For that price, this hotel - even with the little things that mean a lot to those that travel extensively noticeably absent - is a true value. It's in the heart of the Gold Coast, literally steps away from the John Hancock Tower and the Magnificent Mile. For the price, you won't be beat. If it's first-class service you are looking for, go elsewhere. Just be sure your electricity is in proper working order. At about 10pm last night the woman in room 1110 came back to find that none of the lights would turn on in her room. Nice, huh? On a post-script, upon checkout an hour ago I was asked if I received the FedEx package that arrived on Friday. I was astonished. NO!!! It seems it came in at about 1pm - just as my convention was ending. The front-desk receptionist said a text message was left on my hotel room phone. OK - this makes no sense. How many hotel room phones have text messaging capabilities? And, if so, shouldn't there be a blinking message-waiting light on the phones - or at least one of the three phones in my room? I don't know when I will be back in Chicago again, but another colleague spent about $40 more to stay at the Hilton Suites. I can at least get HiltonHonors points there and the assurance that I will certainly get what I pay for and that "little something extra" that does not exist at the Whitehall.