Upon booking online, we put in a request that all down bedding be removed from the room due to an allergy. On our way to the hotel about an hour before checking in, we phoned to make sure they got the note. They said they did see that in the computer and that it was all set. Upon checking in, again we confirmed (as there was no mention of it by the staff at this point) and the gentleman at the front desk said "Oh, well, there's a note in the computer but it isn't in a place where we would notice it." Tired from driving since 6AM, all I really wanted was to wash up and take a nap, but now I would have to delay that to wait for housekeeping to come change my bedding. The room smelled like diesel fumes, but I was so tired I figured I was overreacting. After they changed out my bedding I went into the bathroom to wash my face and hands prior to settling in. The hot water never came. Again I called down to the front desk and two of their engineers came in and turned on the water and let it run for about twenty minutes before it was hot. At least it got hot. The shower curtain rod was about to fall off the wall, there was orange and black mildew hanging out with it's soap scum buddies, and the toilet looked like the inside had never seen bleach ever. The pseudo sleep number bed was either too hard or too soft, the AC was either too hot or too cold, and I was choking on the diesel exhaust smell so badly that after my nap I went to a nearby Target for air freshener. Some people like to highlight the proximity to 95, but with that comes the noise. Beautiful view of the parking lot and plenty of drunk people walking up and down the hallways at all hours (since this is such a classy joint). I had to feel bad for the poor bride and groom checking in at the front desk. This is not where I'd want to spend my honeymoon night with my husband. In close proximity to a mall and terrible food choices unless you enjoy fast food and gross chains (i.e. Chilis, Red Lobster) Needless to say if I ever have to stay in this area again, I will risk getting shot and stay in Baltimore proper.