Hotel Stay: February 3rd - 4th, 2007 My friend and I picked the Hotel Monaco because of its appealing website and online package which included champagne, late checkout at 3, free valet and a gift from the spa for the weekend. My friend checked into the room a few hours earlier and I came in later. When I pulled up to the valet, the young man just stood there. I asked him if the valet was open and he said it was. I had to pull my bags out, he didnt even offer to help. After I got my garment bag and suitcase, I came up to him to give the car key and room number; he says "I am not the valet". I had to put everything back into the car, park the car on the side of the street and pull everything out again. I left the key with who ever he was working there and asked him to have the "valet" park the car when he gets back. I went up to the room, everything seemed fine, the bottle of champagne was there, the oil and lotion gift from the spa. We dressed and went out, when we came back and got into bed, we noticed blood drops on both the pillows and on the sheets where the pillows were. I was so disgusted, this was just unbelievable. We called the desk and they sent somebody up almost 20 minutes later! He swapped our sheets out and left with out even apologizing. Sunday morning we called the front desk to speak to management about the sheets and they became very aggravated and rude with us. Apparently there was no manager or any kind of supervisor over the weekend and we had to wait until Monday morning. The young man we spoke to said that they would cover the food, adding that the person that changed the sheets said that it was fresh blood, in a very rude tone. Our checkout was at 3pm because of the package that we booked. From 12 to 1:30, three staff (maids) tried to walk into the room, and after opening the door apologizing and closing it. Two people called up saying that "check out was at 12" and I had to remind them of the package. I finally packed all my things up and went downstairs to check out. Quickly signed the paper and took off. When on the way, I took a closer look at the room bill. Unfortunately they never covered the food, which they had offered and we were charged for the valet. I called the front desk to ask about the charges, the lady that answered snapped back saying that they were aware of the problem we experienced and I should call back on Monday like they told us earlier. I have never in my life been treated like this at any hotel anywhere. I am not sure if this hotel constantly has problems or if we were the lucky ones, but I would never stay there again and never recommend it to anybody I know.