I was in Seattle for my best friends wedding and she had reserved a block of rooms at this hotel. My husband and I checked in Friday night, along with another couple, intending to stay two nights. When we checked in, we were told that our room would be a different price than what we were quoted. I questioned the woman checking us in and she said we needed to have the confirmation number. I printed off the confirmation number and showed it to her. She then told me that the confirmation number was not enough, and that I needed to have the price I was quoted in writing. I did not have time to deal with that right away ( I had to get ready for the rehearsal and grooms dinner.) So, we ran up to our room to get ready. When I opened my hotel room door, the smell of smoke was overpowering. I immediately returned to the front desk because I had definately not booked a smoking room. The woman at the desk told me that my room was not a smoking room, but the floor underneath my room was smoking and it must have drifted up. !?! I asked her what she could do for me, and quickly because I needed to get ready and go. After she debated with a couple other employees I was told I could wait 40 minutes while they cleaned it or check into a room on the 6th floor (no view) which was a downgrade from my 15th floor with a view. I had no other choice than to take the downgrade. I asked to speak with a manager, no one was available. I asked to speak with the person that I had originally booked my room with. I was told I could call the front desk and asked to be connected to her, if she was in. We stayed the night, in the 6th floor room, and the fan in the bathroom was broken! The next day, I reported the broken fan, and again asked to speak with a manager. I was told the manager on duty was on lunch break,but I could leave my cell phone number and they would call me. I never recieved a call. We all checked out after the one night, telling the person at the desk that we were extremely dissatisfied. The staff seemed very uncaring. I asked for directions to the Marriot by the water, they could not give me directions. I asked them to look it up on mapquest for me, they couldn't do that either. I just looked at my bank statement and realized they have charged me for 2 nights! I will have to call and figure this out now. This hotel is a joke, and it is not even nicely decorated. It seems run down and old. The bride had the suite on the top floor, and even that room wasn't amazing. The furniture was marble, but chipped and looked out dated. I would never stay at a Warwick again!