The staff was nice. That's about the only nice thing I can say about this place. The photos of the hotel are very misleading. Standing outside looking at the hotel, you have to wonder if the photo on their website has been doctored at all. The photos of the rooms were obviously taken at a different hotel because the room I was put in, and then moved to another looked NOTHING like the room photos on their website. As someone else said in a previous review about this hotel, don't walk around the room without your shoes and socks on. Definitely not a romantic getaway (unless you're trying to break up with someone.) The sheets had hair on them. I requested a non-smoking room, but you could tell that someone had smoked in it previously. There was no air condtioning or a fan. Big deal, it's Seattle, right? Wrong. It was 90 plus degrees during my stay. The windows do open though, providing little relief. Cable television? Non-existant. I was told that sometimes it comes in, and sometimes it doesn't. What does that mean, really? It's sad when you pay $96 a night and can't even get the local channels (NBC, ABC, CBS.) Go on the internet for your news? There is no internet, unless you want to setup your laptop for dialup. The restaurant downstairs was a dive. Again, the service was great, but as with the rooms, you could tell that management didn't quite care about upgrading anything. Several times during my meal, I could have swore I saw something scurrying across the floor. The waitress seemed embarrassed while attempting to relieve me of my worries. I forgot to mention the lobby. The sofa was very comfortable. In fact, it may have been the nicest thing in the entire hotel. However, don't lean your head back while on the sofa or you'll notice that there is paint peeling off the ceiling in large chunks held together by duct tape in places. Speaking of duct tape, there was actually duct tape holding the carpet together in several places. The room I stayed in had scotch tape holding the wallpaper over this gaping hole. Security risk? Room keys have the room number and hotel name on the key ring. So, don't bring anything valuable, because who knows how often the locks are changed and if previous customers have lost their keys on drinking binges in Pioneer Square. There is no room service. It looked like there was only one person there at all times. If you're hungry, don't eat the food in the vending machine. Both the pretzels and Twix candybar were past their expiration date. At check out, staff was apologetic for the things I told them, but obviously not at fault. While you could sense their understandable frustration through their body language (not quite making eye contact, embarrased look on their face), you got the feeling that they hear about similar guest experiences on a regular basis. It's a shame because it's in a great location. You almost wonder if management is even in it to make money. I never did hear back from them after I sent a letter detailing my disappointments. I highly recommend not staying here. Avoid at all costs.