We booked 5 nights at the Queen Anne Inn through Orbitz, hoping to take advantage of the budget rates and their great location. I can't complain about the locaton--it is nestled in the heart of a fun, eclectic neighborhood with unique shops and restaurants--but I cannot complain enough about the Inn itself. We entered the room and was immediately shocked at the general appearence of the room. Sure, we had made these plans ahead of time knowing that we would be sacrificing some of the amenities of a more expensive hotel for location, but this was god damn ridiculous. This place is not an Inn. It's a very old pre-war apartment building that has been converted into a hotel. We've stayed in old conversions before that are quaint and charming--these owners, however, did not take the time to hide the fact that it used to be residential living for smelly, middle-class hippies Fine--the place didn't look great. Big deal. We went and explored the area and when we returned to take a nice hot shower and relax for the night, we were horrified to discover that the room doesn't have a shower--instead, it has a very large drippy faucet where you'd expect a shower head to be. We went and immediately complained to the front office and were given a stock excuse--something about the age of the building and that sprinklers had been running all day (an obvious lie, the surrounding lawn is an ugly yellow). They later sent a "water engineer" and our bathroom shower was upgraded to a "light mist". What truly put us over the edge was waking up to find ourselves COVERED in itchy, painful, oozing red marks. We're from a metropolitan city--and combined with the small, reddish stains that appeared on the sheets over night--we knew instantly that this establishment is CRAWLING in bed bugs. Most people won't realize this as only a small minority of the population actually exhibits symptoms once bitten, but let me tell you, we have never been bitten more in one night than our stay at the Queen Anne. If there was any doubt about what happened while we were sleeping, it was quickly destroyed when we actually found a live bug behind one of the pillows--and upon picking it up in a tissue, was greeted with a nice splurt of oozing blood. This is not a knock against the staff or the hotel's intentions. It's a decent building, great staff, and amazing location. It just happens to be infested. We explained the situation to the staff and were promptly given a refund for the rest of the stay. If you're at all doubtful about this review, do a search of "bed bugs queen anne seattle" and you'll be shocked.