My son and I decided to celebrate his graduation from High School with a trip to Seattle. We chose the Inn at Queen Anne because of its proximity to the Experience Music Project, The Space Needle and the funky shops and eateries nearby. The hotel was described as "quaint" and the pictures on the hotel website were nice, so we gave it a shot. Upon entering the hotel we were greeted with the carpet in the lobby , filthy and torn. Uh-oh, I thought, not a good sign. The front desk had overbooked and even though we had paid for and confirmed our reservations for late arrival 2 weeks prior, they only had one room left with 2 beds. We took it and hurriedly left our things in the room to go grab a quick bite. Upon returning and getting into bed I noticed that the room had no A/C, the windows would not open and that my son's double bed was clean, however the twin they put me in had hairy sheets and was in a former closet. I am not talking about an old fashioned wall pull-out bed-this was actually a tiny twin bed stuffed in a closet. I went into the kitchenette to put my leftovers in the fridge and the fridge had mold in it and did not work. I went to the desk to complain, was told there was nothing that could be done, so we sucked it up and tried to sleep. I took the sheets of my bed and used my sons blanket, but eventually the closet got so stuffy I jumped into my sons bed that at least had a fan above it. In the morning we experienced plumbing issues with the toilet and shower and bugs in the bathroom. Upon packing up I looked under the bed to make sure we got everything and discovered possessions from someone who had stayed there before we did. The housekeepers did not clean under the beds or change the sheets. We canceled the rest of our stay and decided to leave Seattle and drove to Anacortes where we stayed at the Cap Sante' Inn- which was a palace compared to where we had been the night before. I wrote to the manager of the Queen Anne requesting a refund. I received a letter back saying a refund could not be given, however they gave me a coupon to stay again. As if I would ever use it. The word "Quaint" that Queen Anne uses in their advertising is not the same as "Rundown". My advice to anybody staying there, upon check in go to the room, give it the white glove inspection and make sure everything is in working order before you agree to stay in it. By the way, the Queen Anne had a policy that if you reserve the room they charge your card immediately and will not give a refund without 72 hours advance cancellation. Ridiculous.