I was very disappointed with my stay at this hotel. When I booked I let them know that it was for a Bridal Shower from 6pm-11pm and asked if they had any restrictions, quiet hours, etc. They said "no" and that it would be just fine, so I booked (2) rooms. Upon arriving and checking into our rooms we noticed that we could hear every word said next door...the walls were paper thin! Noise was a definite problem and I would not have booked here if they had been honest with me as I had been with them about the purpose of our stay. They could have done so much to avoid the situation by putting us in a corner or end room as I book (2) suites! I talked to a hotel representative letting her know my disappointment since I had arranged this ahead of time but also my understanding of other guests since the hotel did not plan well and asked it we could be moved, etc. She responded very annoyed and was not open to any resolution besides us going to sleep....it was around 9:50pm on a Saturday night and we had about an hour left of our shower. To make matters worse both rooms that we stayed in were prank called. From 1am-3am the phones would ring and when we would answer it was just hold music. These calls could not have come from guest rooms (we tried calling each other) as the guest room phones did not have a hold button. It got so bad that we had to unplug the phones but needless to say that we did not get any sleep. When I asked at checkout if they had been having any troubles with their phones they said they were working just fine. Granted I have no proof that the hotel made these calls, but it seems very unlikely that both our rooms would have this problem and that hold music would be in the back ground. Also, the next morning at 9:15am a maid banged on our door asking when we were leaving....check out wasn't until 11am. Overall if you want to pay $250 for a place to sleep where there is no customer service what so ever, then this is the hotel for you. Otherwise I recommend staying away and spending your money where you will be taken care of properly.