20 yrs. ago this place was a place you wouldn't let your dog stay overnight, we had checked in, went to our room and checked right out, it was that bad.....then. I was reluctant but they offered a wonderful medical discount (my brother had a day surgery) and they were nearby, they even waived the parking fee and had a free shuttle to all the destinations we wanted to go. As soon as I walked in the ambiance was like home, a great room so warm and friendly just like their staff. All the amenaties (hot tub and pool were delightful). The marble bathroom was an exceptional change, the bedding was classic comfort and the pillows were to die for, my bro. asked me if I could find him a few of those. They say they are still in renovation mode, I can't imagine it getting any better! The price with the discount was a huge plus as we had to travel so far to get there and back, even without a discount it's a killer deal, measures up to any 5 star hotel I've ever been in and they have even more luxurious suites than the simple Dbl. bed we chose, Those prices are the best I have seen in Seattle for such comfort, do check out the virtual tour, I had no idea they offered that online as I was in a hurry to find a place, last minute. I got home, clicked on the virtual tour and it is EXACTLY WHAT YOU VIEW on the tour, no phoney trick to get you there, you get what you see and much more. Don't pass this place by, you will miss out on a great experience. Nice job Cody and staff, you are now my and all my friends &families go to place when we want or need to be in Seattle!! (we even had the space needle as our view OMG, breathtaking at night). The entire staff was amazing, really!!! You will never regret booking with this hotel, I assure you. I just learned, my cousin from California has booked with them the last 2 yrs. for a week at a time and she agrees with everything I have written, she's sorry she didn't do it herself. Looking forward to our next visit, thanks so much John St. Suites, it was a delightful time just hanging around.