I booked two adjoining rooms through Expedia for a weekend in November. My decision was influenced because they had a pool and adjoining rooms. When we got there, the pool was closed due to maintenance.....for the whole weekend. I assume it was due to the comments below where the pool water turned some people's hair green. Not only was the pool closed but I was told they don't guarantee adjoining rooms which we called before we booked on Expedia to ensure we would have rooms that were adjoining.....not just next to each other. Jennifer remembered speaking to me about this and denied telling me we would have adjoining rooms. I would not have booked the room if we could not get adjoining rooms. We had five young kids tired after a long drive (5 hrs) and I just wanted to get checked in. After a long wait and conversations with different front desk staff unsuccessfully trying to come up with an alternative solution, I was told they would let us out of the reservations if Expedia would let us out. So, on the phone with Expedia for an hour we were given the green light to cancel our reservation, however, when they did this while I was on hold, the manager of Quality Inn, Heather Patrick, denied waiving our $80 cancellation fee. Not only would she not listen to my complaint, was rude and unhelpful, I was appalled at her lack of customer service. She blamed everything on Expedia and refused to offer any help whatsoever. She said, "I don't care what my staff did (referring to her manager Jason who told us the hotel would let us out if Expedia would), I'm the General Manager and I'm not letting you out of the cancellation fee because you did not cancel 24hrs in advance." I called the Holiday Inn Express next door and their pool was open and they had adjoining rooms we could get for both nights. I was so disgusted with the staff of this Quality Inn that I didn't care about the fee anymore at this point, I was not staying there! We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express and had a great rest of our vacation. The kids had a great time in the pool all weekend and the staff there knew how to treat their customers. They even apologized for our experience and were embarrassed that hospitality staff would treat anyone such as the way we were treated by Heather and her staff. Oh and Expedia ended up waiving our cancellation fee and booking our room at the Holiday Inn Express for the same price. I would have gladly paid the higher rate......the customer service was well worth it.