I visit Seattle from time to time for business trips; this time thought I would extend my business trip with the family to tour Seattle a bit more. We are currently staying at this hotel and we are very disappointed at the level of service we come to expect from Sheraton. We initially called up registration to ensure there is a refrigerator with a freezer and microwave available in the room, the agent assured us this can be and will be arranged for us. Upon checking in, talking to registration desk to double check on the refrigerator and microwave. We opted not to go with the microwave, as we were not told it would cost $30/night, however, the refrigerator we need, as we require to freeze some of our pre-made baby food. She mentioned the refrigerator will be in our room later tonight and asked in the meantime to freeze our food in the hotel freezer, as even if we get the refrigerator it will take a bit for the freezer to be cold enough. We proceed to give our cooler bag to the bell service to put in the hotel freezer, and talked to registration desk about other things, afterwards we noticed the bag we left with bell desk was still there with no one around, so I waited until a bell attendant returned which was another 15 mins, and asked these needed to be put in the freezer as they cannot be defrosted, he mentioned he will take them to the freezer when he gets the chance, and left it on the floor. I was very agitated by now so I waited in front of him and he looked at me and said he will put them in the freezer shortly. So I said they have already been out here a while, fortunately another bell attendant came and took the bag (which I assume he is taking to the hotel freezer right away but who knows). Later that night our refrigerator did not come so I went to registration and asked when is our refrigerator coming, she mentioned she did not get back to us yet as she found out the mini fridge did not have a freezer. I told her I called ahead to ask and was infromed there is a fridge with a freezer in the room, and now in both cases there seems to be an assumption there is. Why would registration agent and the registration desk both assume there is freezer available but now to find out there isn't, all she can say is she cannot do anything as there is no fridge with freezer, and understands there are cases where customers would require it, that does not help me a bit. We end up having to go to the bell desk everyday asking to take out items from the freezer and put it back in, which may not be bad but bell service is not the greatest to say the least. Very disappointed.