My wife and I were taking a romantic mini-vacation earlier this month. We booked through Hotwire and then phoned 3 times to ensure we got a king bed, which we were assured we would get, however upon arrival were informed that the king bed rooms were all booked for a convention and that we were in a 2 twin bed room, and reminded that when you book through a 3rd party such as Hotwire, your room choice is not guaranteed. We spent the first night in the 2 twin bed room, not so romantic. I went to registration the next morning and again asked for a king bed room, but was reminded that when you book through a 3rd party such as Hotwire, your room choice is not guaranteed. The only king bed room in the hotel was a junior suite and the clerk offered it to us for an additional $50 a night. I agreed and she said they would call our room when the room was ready. They called our room 3 hours after they said they would to say our room was ready and they would drop the key by our old room. Then the bell captain called and said they were too busy, so please stop by the bell desk, not great service in my mind. We got the key from the bell desk and went to "our" new room, only to find that the room was still occupied, and there was a child asleep on the bed!!! We went down to the desk and explained the situation and they gave us the key the actual correct room. They did agree to waive the $50 per night upcharge, but it is unbelievable to me that they would give us the key to someone else's room! The junior suite sucked, it was dated and had no bathtub. The Starwood suite was above us, which had a hardwood floor that someone in high heels started stomping around on at 6:30 every morning, and then someone else was moving furniture or something after midnight one night. All in all, I have to say how completely disappointed and unhappy we were with the staff and the service they provided us. We have used 3rd party booking engines before, and in every instance were treated just like any other guest. The fact that I was reminded on numerous occasions that we booked through a 3rd party service provider was offensive and an obvious mask for the fact that the staff were unwilling and unable to provide anything near good service.