I am disgusted with this place. The hotel admits that it has a security video of a professional thief stealing my bag off its bellhops luggage cart, but it will not compensate me. The wonderful consumer advocate Chris Elliott investigated and confirmed my version of the incident, and you can read his blog about it at his website, [--] for all the details. Now I am just getting the word out to everyone else. So the short version of events is that back in August, the bellhop unloaded my things from the rental car onto a cart, whisked it away, and as it turns out, parked it in the lobby. When the luggage came to the room later, my backpack (including eyeglasses and medicine) was missing. Only after I yelled at the people at the front desk did the hotel review its security tapes and sure enough, a week after we left, it confirmed that a man is seen on the tape stealing my bag. The hotel said he looked like a professional, but the hotel never even bothered to call the police. Meanwhile, the hotels insurance company denied coverage because the bellhop was so stupid as to leave the bag unattended in the lobby, a public space. The only correct response from the hotel should have been, We are so sorry. How can we fix this? Nope. Instead, a month after the incident, I was told that the clerk behind the counter says she offered to move my luggage to a more secure location. That is total nonsense. Why would I possibly refuse such an offer if it ever had been made? The same clerk also said she tried to call my husband on his cell while he was returning the rental car. Of course, there is no cell record of this because she never actually did that. So the director of rooms refunded the first night of our hotel stay when we checked out because the hotel had given me the runaround and treated me so poorly while I was there. The manager later refunded our second night, while specifically denying the hotel was responsible. How could it not be?! And the refund covers only half the value of the bag. Really, really awful hotel.