We spent 4 nights here and were disappointed with just about everything to do with this hotel except the food in the restaurant. The fireplace in our first room did not work. After 2 visits by maintenance people and 3 calls, we were switched to a new room. The fireplace in the second room gave off a strong gas smell. The maintenance person who checked it out told us other guests had reported the same problem in this room but after having used a gas sniffer the staff had decided the smell was from the fake fireplace logs heating up. We have owned a number of gas fireplaces and never had any gas smells from them like this. He also offered to switch us again but we decided to keep the deck door open a bit to provide fresh air rather than go through the bother of switching. The internet access was extremely slow most of the time - more like dial up than high speed. You could watch the various frames paint in the windows when they finally did display. We paid $10 a day for this - not advertised on the web site and usually free at other hotels we've stayed at. The parking is valet only. Again this isn't clear from the web site but the real shocker is a $30 per day charge for the service. There are commercial lots in the area but they are across active railway tracks, don't stay open all night, and have no security so you don't really have any choice. The food in the restaurant is excellent but they constantly play techno music which can get very annoying after a while. The halls were cold and didn't appear to be heated. The art work on the walls looked extremely faded with mostly blue colors left. The furnishings in the room were quite nice and would fit into a 4 star class hotel. However the bathroom sink has a design flaw and doesn't drain well. To address this the hotel provides a card on the sink that starts with " Hello. My name is Sink". That certainly isn't 4 star quality. The view from our room was outstanding - out across to Alki Beach and the Olympics. However the rooms on the other side of the hotel face active railway tracks so are really to be avoided. The trains run all night.