Last night, my wife, Rose and I visited the Fireside Room intending to have drinks and dessert. This has been a two or three times a year, winter and bad weather routine for us for the past 18 years. At least once a year we bring out of town guests. Last night, our experience in your lovely setting was poor in every aspect - shocking to us really - as although we had encountered hiccups in the past, this time something seemed systemically wrong. In no particular order: We were ignored at the hostess station as we stood there surveying the room. There was a hostess standing there but she was more intrigued with what was going on on her computer screen. My guess is we stood there for nearly two minutes without her saying a word to us or lifting her head from the screen. Four suitable tables were open but three of them had dirty dishes sitting on them. We waited awhile longer and then chose one of the tables that was not yet cleared and we consolidated the dishes onto the uncleared tables beside us. Those tables remained uncleared for another ten minutes until another guest (staying with you) came and sat down there - she then partly cleared them herself. The room was cold. There was no live music but there was also no recorded music playing throughout our 45 minute visit except for the last 15 minutes. No water was offered or brought. We ordered desserts. We almost always have one or two drinks each but seeing all the malfunction around us, we chose not to this time. We also noted that my usual order Laphroaig 10 year old was $15 a glass - at least $3 higher then anywhere else in the city. The desserts are fairly priced (kind of a disconnect). Everything was slow for us and for all around us. We heard several customers inquire as to where things were, how much longer, etc. I went to the front desk to get a comment card. None were there. No one came to the front desk to greet me. Three minutes later, the concierge asked me if I had been helped. I asked for a comment card and for your business card. He gave them both to me but did not inquire as to what was on my mind. Huge missed opportunity. Ever since we moved to Seattle, the Sorrento has been a part of our routine. We stayed with you for two nights when we were relocating from California. We have reccommended the Sorrento to a half dozen out of towners and to countless locals looking for a stylish respite.