Dated Hotel. Great Location. Really nice rooms. Functional Lobby. Friendly Staff. Upgraded - without asking. Nice. Would NEVER stay here again though and would not recommend this hotel to anyone who is doing any type of business and wants to connect to the internet in the lobby. It's 1:39am. There is NO ONE connected to the internet in the lobby but me - NO ONE.... At best I am getting 15kb/s. I asked the front desk if it was normal that the connectivity is this slow and she said because the hotel is quite full that the internet is slow - I pointed out that it was past 1am and that I was the only person in the lobby on a computer - in fact at that point there were only 6 people in the lobby and 3 were staff. She didn't suggest that I call tech support. After sitting down for a few moments I got up again went to the front desk and asked if there was a tech support person I could talk too. She told me to use a house phone and ask for tech support. I called and got a person on the phone who explained that the lobby was limited to 128kb/s and that it was shared with everyone in the lobby - I pointed out that I was the only person in the lobby using the internet - she said that the front desk uses it as well....really? wireless at the front desk....?? Anyway I asked if I went to my room and bought the wireless internet - would it work well? She said it would, because it was a different service. Polite - but essentially useless. I can't use the internet in the room because my wife is sleeping in our room and the light of the computer and the sound of the keyboard will disturb her. What kind of company TODAY in Seattle, WA USA cannot have an adequate speed internet in its lobby. Shame on you Westin - where else are you skimping? Although the hotel is adequate - I will NEVER stay here again. There are many other choices in Seattle. Great WIFI is a GIVEN. There is no excuse for this NONE. If tech support had said there was a problem - that would have been frustrating - but completely different story. Apparently this is "normal". That makes the Westin Seattle a dinosaur. At least it will have future value as oil thousands of years from now.