The experience my partner and I had at The Westin was above and beyond horrible! I booked a night for Valentine's day weekend via Hotwire for a great price hoping to have a fun and romantic time in Seattle downtown. However, upon arriving at front desk I was shocked when the guest rep. stated we were assigned TWO FULL size BEDS!!! Are you kidding?! I was aware of the fact that by booking through hotwire you are not guaranteed a king size bed or a double..However, I called a few days before our check in date to request for a king size bed. Also keep in mind that I booked this a little over a month prior to our check in date. On the day of check in about an hour prior to arriving at the Westin, I called again to check what kind of room we were going to be in. Rep clearly assured me that we were assigned ONE KING SIZE bed. So here's what really upset me: The simple fact that I was told one thing AN HOUR prior to arrival and then another when we got there. I totally understand that yes you are not guaranteed anything if booked using a third party website..However, aren't these employees trained well enough to know what they are talking about?!? When we finally got to our room I decided to call and requested to speak with a manager. First I went through a couple people claiming they did not know who their manager was or they didn't have one because they were in the reservations dept (HA, right). I finally spoke to James- one of the managers at the Westin who was very patient w/ me and nice about the whole situation. I definitely expressed my frustration and he explained some things I was not aware of as far as policies and what to expect from booking via websites (e.g. Hotwire, Expedia, etc.) I felt a little bit better after speaking with him- he even sent a bottle of wine later on that night for us. The wine was another issue. (what we thought would take 10 minutes after getting off the phone with him took an hour so we decided to call back and had it delivered at a later time since we had to be elsewhere.) We appreciated the wine..however, I just felt that was the wrong hotel to be in after waiting an hour for it. There was a mini-fridge w/ all kinds of beverages including alcohol in our room. I do not recall seeing a sign anywhere saying there was a sensor nor did the lady who checked us in warned us that my card would be charged if you lift any of the drinks. My partner decided to remove all the beer cans (about $8/ea) so we can store the wine in there instead. There were several cans that were removed and of course WE WERE NOT AWARE we would be charged until I checked my credit card statement today. SO I call today, front desk rep tells me I have to call back tomorrow during business hours and speak with "Accounting." I am already dreading to make this call. I've invested too much time and energy with these people. The only good thing I can say about this place is the location. Yes it's near everything, but there are so many other hotels that can provide BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE, better staff in the area that you should consider. We stayed at the GRAND HYATT in downtown the following evening and we definitely noticed the HUGE difference once arriving there..They had the friendliest staff, (rep who checked us in made us aware of the mini fridge sensor) nicer loby, beautiful room, view, location, BETTER SERVICE!!! so don't waste your time at the WESTIN, i definitely regret my decision because my expectations were not met at all. WESTIN is a 4 start hotel and so is THE GRAND HYATT, so shouldn't the customer service level be the same?? If not, even higher? THE GRAND HYATT definitely stood out w/ us. The WESTIN- not so much. I would never recommend this place, the faculty don't seem to care- it takes 10 rings before someone can pick up your call, guest reps are rude esp. over the phone, It takes an hour to deliver a bottle of wine, lots of noises from the upper level *not sure if it was maintance or what- If you don't want to waste your time explaining errors to management, calling them over and over, writing reviews such as this, don't stay there! BTW this is the first hotel review I've ever written. You can probably tell how bad it was considering I took the time to write this for all of you! Good Luck and enjoy your stay!!!