Without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. A friend and I mistakenly chose to stay here for a conference at the University, and from the moment we arrived, the stay was completely revolting. Upon trying to check in, there were problems with both of our reservations, about which the clerk only laughed. His attitude was that this is what we deserved for daring to stay in this dump. After waiting a good 30 minutes to get our room keys, we entered the wing where our rooms were. We were first greeted by an atrocious and overpowering smell - something along the lines of a mixture of mildew, urine, and some toxic chemical probably used to attempt to clean. The hallways were barely lit. Then we entered our rooms to a slightly less strong stink - no toxic flavor, just mildew and urine. On turning on the light, one of the (at most) 25 watt bulbs was burnt out. Turning on the others gave only slightly more light - a nice dim, dank look complimented the smell nicely. The carpeting was slightly damp - I tried not to think about what I was walking in. The room was a bit chilly when we arrived, so I turned on the "heater/air conditioner", but no matter what knobs I turned where, no heat came out - only cold air - no matter how long I waited. At least I was able to turn mine off; when my friend tried the same with his, he found that it just kept going - so the thing was blowing cold air into his room all night. The bathroom was crap, but ok. It took a good 5 minutes for the shower water to become remotely hot. The walls were dirty, had various stains and marks, and rusty outlines told us where some racks used to hang. I had a good bathroom, it seems, as my friends' toilet didn't flush, he was unable to get more than a tiny stream of water to flow from his faucet, and his bathtub had numerous brown stains throughout. Oh, and he had one less lamp in his room than I did. The bed was uncomfortable at best and there were numerous holes in the sheets/blankets. The pillows were comically thin - I had to stack two to get a reasonable "pillow". And on top of everything, when I figured to myself I could at least do a little work to take my mind off the decrepit surroundings, I found that the wireless signal was too weak to get internet access. I proceeded to walk around the floor, open laptop in hand checking to see if the signal ever improved, but no such luck. The complimentary breakfast: disgusting. I took one bite of the soggy, plastic-wrapped muffin and instantly threw the rest away. There was cereal, but no milk for it. I couldn't make this stuff up if I tried - heed this and all the other awful reviews of this complete embarrassment of an establishment and simply stay away. This heap should be a tourist attraction in and of itself - visit to see the squalor and to laugh at those who stupidly paid money to stay here, but don't spend a cent to stay yourself.