My boyfriend and I spent 160 dollars to stay in what was called "the deluxe suite" for one night. It was "deluxe" because it was poolside, The weather was beautiful, not a cloud in the sky, and yet the pool had no water in it. Soo already a big waste of money. In the room itself, there was: -no internet (internet is promised in each room on their website) -no cable (also promised) -stains on the floors -wallpaper peeling off the walls -inadequate lighting -the heater was behind the curtains- so if you wanted to be warm, you had to risk starting a fire. They'd probably charge you for it too. when we walked into the bathroom we discovered: -the toilet seat was broken off the toilet -the sink and bathroom counter were slanted and coming off the wall -and the water in the bath tub was yellow. Aside from the unsatisfactory quality of the room, -the elevator in the lobby was broken -we were charged for parking (give us a break we just paid 160 dollars for the worst room in history!) -the continental breakfast was non-existent (literally. they say they have one, but they don't.) -The staff often ventured away from the check-in desk in the lobby, so you'd walk in and there would be no one to help you. We arrived to our room late at night, so we didn't have the option to turn around and find a new hotel. We booked through hotels.com, so we called them regarding a refund. They were able to give us 20 percent (better than nothing) and suggested we call the hotel for even more of a refund as that was all they could give us. They patched us through to the hotel manager, who immediately got extremely defensive and rude. My boyfriend mentioned the word "refund" and the man was screaming through the phone. He told us that if we didn't like the room we should have checked out at midnight, and claimed we were weird for wanting to swim in an outdoor pool in mid June, then had the audacity to say that my boyfriend was being rude to HIM. He said he would give us 5% off our next stay (why on earth would we stay there again?!) He wouldn't listen to a word we were saying, and eventually just hung up on us because he didn't want to deal with the complaints.