We arrived and the lady at the desk was extremely short and rude with us. We finally got checked in after she got off the phone. The elevator was so sketchy we were scared to ride in it. (When I say we I mean my parents, sister, husband and 3 month old daughter) We finally get to our 2 rooms and they are DISGUSTING! My sister called front desk to ask the pool hours and they said they were open from 10am to 9pm (In JULY). She then went to the bathroom and there was hair in the tub and the floor. The shower curtain looked like it had spaghetti stains on it. The room was SOOO hot. The A/C was unplugged. The furniture looked like it was pulled out of a dumpster. The blankets were stained and GROSS looking. There was no fitted sheet, only a flat sheet. Called front desk about the messy bathroom and asked for housekeeping to clean it. Housekeeper got to our room and was in the bathroom for MAYBE 3 minutes. Then all of a sudden there was a knock at the door and the Owner/management (An Indian fellow) let himself into our room. He went directly into the bathroom. Then came out YELLING at me, WHILE I am holding my 3 month old baby. Telling me that the bathroom was not dirty and that there is nothing he can do about it. He was completely freaking out. Saying that he can give us a refund because we need to leave. We are causing problems...blah blah blah. My husband and I were so taken back by this we could not believe he was yelling at us like this. I was very irritated at this point that he was treating his PAYING customers this way. SO I started yelling back because he would not let us talk at all. He then KICKED ME OUT. I went and got my parents and sister and he was screaming at them saying we are causing all kinds of problems and said he would call the cops on us if we didn't leave. He stood over us the whole 15 minutes we were there making sure we didn't steal anything and walked behind us the whole way down stairs. It was the most bizarre situation I have ever been in. None of us could believe that we had been treated this way. We did nothing wrong. We asked that our bathroom be cleaned. Is that so wrong? I dont think so. I mean we had just paid over $200 to stay there that night. VERY VERY VERY RUDE PEOPLE!!! I would not wish my worst enemy a stay in this MOTEL!!!!