Okay, I will attempt to proceed calmly on this situation. A friend and I wanted a nice tourist weekend in Seattle. What we got was a bad accommodations and a 30min drive at 1am. We arrived at the hotel at about 10am in the morning and attempted to check in. We were told that we could not check in until 3pm. which we were okay with. We decided to park the car (for a fee) and go out until 3pm. When we got back we were checked in; after the clerk finished arguing with another customer on the telephone. We got settled in our room, age of the hotel aside the cleanliness was very poor and should have prompted us to leave immediately (stupid us). We went out again for the day and returned late about 1am. My friend went to get in his bed and low and behold there was a bed bug on his pillow (have you ever seen a grown man have a hissy fit? not pleasant!). I was able to catch one in one of the plastic cups provided in the room (the little suckers are fast) and we packed up and went to check out. The night clerk begrudgingly confiscated the cup with bug and credited us for our next night stay stating "he was doing us a favor because the manager would not have issued any sort of refund". When I questioned about getting our money back for the current night he said I would have to speak with the manager in the morning he handed me a business card and said "good night". Apparently that was the end of discussion on his part. Everything was booked up nearby so we had to leave town to find a hotel with vacancy. The next morning I called and spoke with the manager who stated that "they take this accusation very seriously and that they had the inspector in right away who said that it was okay and there were no bugs. He then put the phone down (not on hold just on the counter) and began to speak to another customer leaving me with no resolution. When he came back on the line he just repeated the same thing and then stated that "we brought the bugs in with us and tried to blame them". I told him I was very unsatisfied and told him that I would be contacting the credit card company a disputing the charges. He very loudly replied "THAT'S GREAT" and hung up the phone. As a seasoned traveler I was appalled with everything to do with this hotel. Stay here at your own risk! But remember you were warned.