Knowing that this hotel was cheap for the area I expected basically a mostly clean but shabby hotel. Boy was I wrong. I agree with other reviewers that the place is filthy, and even at their current rates, grossly overpriced. We arrived at our room to find a bag of dirty towels outside our room door, and a pile of maybe broken AC units (I can't be sure what they were) stacked beside the door. The room was pretty stinky and dirty, but we figured we wouldn't be there much since we would be out sightseing. No big probems the first night, although, when we went to check out the breakfast offerings they advertised. we found cheap muffins actually cut in half, and a meager amount too. The ironing board we asked for had not been located, but we made do. On the second night however things started to go even worse. My son (4) actually picked a DIRTY NEEDLE from under the TV corner. My husband immediately took it away, and informed the front desk. Imagine for a second that my husband had not intercepted, and feel a shiver run down your spine. While the lady at the desk called the manager, we proceeded to check the room for more hazards since we had 2 small children with us. Upon lifting one of the mattresses, the headboard fell off the wall. We checked the other 2 to see if they were secure, and after feeling confident that our kids would not encounter any other dangers, my husband went back to the front desk to see what the manager had to say. The clerk told us we were offered 10 % off the room. Offended by this offer my husband came back to the room having been told to speak with the manager personally in the morning. We considered leaving, but it was late in the evening, and we were afraid we wouldn't find anywhere to stay. Not to mention the fact that they charge a full nights pay if you don't cancel 48 hours in advance. In the morning the manager would not budge telling my husband we were lucky to get the hotel rate in the first place. Hmmm, $140 for our son to come in contact with a dirty needle! Sounds like a deal right? We went about inquring how we could contest the charges to our credit card, and when we discreetly gave the manager a letter detailing our dissatisfaction, he proceeded to yell and point saying "I offered you 10%, now you get nothing!" and, "I give you $1000 if you get a penny back. How about you? Will you give me $1000?" At this point my husband realized that the conversation had degraded beyond hope, and left. Please, please do not stay here. We now realize it would have been far better to spend a little more on a reliable place.