The email I sent to Vagabond Inn: We stayed at the Vagabond Inn in Seattle, WA at 325 Aurora Ave. 'N' September 9-11, 2005. I realize that we weren't paying for "deluxe" accommodations, and it was a wonder we were able to find any place with vacancy near downtown where we wanted to be located, for the money we were able to spend, but with that said, we probably wont ever stay there again. Next time I will spend the extra money for a nicer, cleaner hotel. I didn't leave the Guest Card in the room, but here are my comments that I wrote in it: How did you enjoy your stay? A-F grading scale: D-F Have you stayed at this hotel before? No Reason for trip: Business & Personal/Pleasure Would you stay at this property again? Not if I have to pay for it. Hotel Appearance - Exterior - A-F: D Hotel Appearance - Interior - A-F: C Hotel Staff - Friendliness: B minus, except for the girl with dark curly hair, she was very nice and helpful. Hotel Staff - Efficiency: same. Although the clerk on shift Sept. 9 around 3 p.m. was friendly checking us in, later when I asked if there was a room with internet service, she seemed "ANNOYED" that she had to even check. I needed it for business purposes, and I did not want to sit in the lobby while guests are checking in and out, trying to work. Guest Room - Cleanliness: C Guest Room - Appearance: B Bathroom - Cleanliness: D Bathroom - Appearance: C Why did the counter in the bathroom slope downward? It was very frustrating trying to get ready each day with our belongings ROLLING off the counter. Most counters are level. Comments: Before I made reservations, I confirmed that the hotel had wireless access. Our room did not. When I called to check on it, the clerk told us that we were put in a room that was too far from the signal. We were unable to use our laptop in the room, which we specifically brought to check finances and move finances so that we were sure to have enough money for our trip. I was also unable to check in on my company at home, or check e-mail in the comfort of our room. Your beds were the MOST UNCOMFORTABLE beds I have EVER slept (or LACK THEREOF) on in my LIFE. They felt like cement blocks. Granted, some people like firm beds, but these were beyond firm. I already have back problems with a slight spine curvature (very painful), and your beds only made it hurt more, plus I was so tired the whole weekend from lack of sleep because of the beds. It's difficult to fit a lot into your schedule in Seattle when you only have 1 full day, and 2 additional days where you have to fit in a 5 hour drive each day to get to and from home. Our 13 year old son kept asking us to go swimming, so when we finally decided that we had time, I called the front desk to ask what time the pool/hot tub closed, however, the clerk said that the "pool was being drained", and not available for guest use. We were all VERY disappointed, especially my son. The towels in the bathroom were dirty. They smelled like 'bleach', but they had black smudges or stains all over them, as well as black hairs stuck in them!!! I would suggest buying some nice new towels for your guests. They also felt like sandpaper. Maybe housekeeping should use fabric softener???? One evening I needed to wash a couple pieces of clothing. Your web site states that "Onsite Laundry Facilites (which is mispelt on your web page)" are available. These 'on-site laundry facilities' were all the way outside, the door took the clerk 5 minutes to unlock (NOT HER FAULT, SHE WAS VERY HELPFUL, BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULD CALL A LOCKSMITH AND INSTALL ONE THAT WORKS), and one washer and one washer was available, in a closet type space, and was extremely dirty. We had to unplug the outside vending machines the whole time that we were using the washer and dryer or it would trip a breaker?!! That is a clear indication that your hotel must not meet electrical code. Your web site, which is how I found you, specifically and CLEARLY states FREE PARKING! But we had to pay $5.00 per night IN ADDITION to our hotel room, which ended up NOT including in-room wireless internet, a pool OR A HOT TUB!! If anything, I would sincerely appreciate the parking fees deducted from our stay. Date of Stay: 9/9/05-9/11/05 I would appreciate a response via email. Thank you.