Like you, we were doing the same thing. Reading reviews, trying to find the most stars for the least money. Pictures helped too. We eventually came upon this hotel. Sweet decor, contemporary themes, and great reviews. So, we booked. Turned out that the packaging was great, but the substance was just tragic. Oh where to start. How about the moment we pulled up and learned that it was mandatory valet parking if we wanted to take advantage of hotel parking (and the advertised discount). Fine, except I hate valet parking. Already in the minuses. Also interesting was a note in the Hotel Max room info book saying you needed to tell them at least 30 minutes before you leave to have access to your car. More minuses. Throughout the weekend, service was solid. Check in was smooth. After that, we realized the great pictures, the great decor, was about the only part of the hotel that can be considered great. The room made some hotel rooms I've stayed in a country like Japan, look like a Shangri-La penthouse. To say it was tiny would be saying The Bieb's kind of popular. Our first thought when we saw the bathroom: airplane, economy class. A basic law of physics is no two objects can occupy the same space. In our bathroom, that meant the throne, and the sink. I think the designers got distracted with trying to prove that law wrong. Just by looking at it, we knew it would be impossible to sit square on it. No shelves or counters to put things on either. Resulted in knocking toothbrushes and other toiletries off the sad excuse for a glass ledge, and into the toilet and garbage. Not done yet. The bed. GREAT to lie down to nap, or relax. HORRIBLE to actually do what its meant for: to sleep in. The stupid thing was concave and we both woke up tired, sore and did I mention tired from keeping ourselves propped up on the sides. No mattress pad (other than this diaper cloth looking thing). Our Saturday morning started with a startle. Horns, shouting and chants. Turns out the owners of the place also own a hotel in San Fran and are Union dissolvers. A local activist group decided it would be just swell to make us answer for it, and wake us up. I know this was not in the control of the hotel management, but in the end, they have to answer to a unpleasant Saturday morning wake up call. Wi-Fi didn't work, room filled with someone else's cigarette smoke, and the valet parking lost our friends' car. Two plus': Location is great. And the Red Fin restaurant is stellar. Great Happy Hour choices, service, sushi, and great desserts. So it wasn't all bad. Just 98% bad. Oh wait, the restaurant doesn't really count. So, 99% sure that I'll not want to stay at this hotel again. And 100% sure to never recommend it.