In early Jan, I decided to spend 2 nights with my husband + 2 kids at Hotel Max because of the "child stays free" promotion plus the hip photos that I've aw on the website. So, I booked it directly through the website and I really regreted that I've made that choice! I do not recommend this hotel for anyone because it is a dirty hotel. We checked in really late (around 1am) that night and the front desk receptionist (guy)'s attitude was rude. He kept on asking if we would like the valet parking service for 25/day and we told him we don't need it (The fact is that we already park the car on the street in front of the hotel for free because it's the weekend) Anyways, the worse part is that when we went inside the room, we found out that the bed was really dirty. It looked fine on the outside but when we tried to pull down the blanket, there were so much vaccum dirt + one old blood stained spot on the bed linen. Because it was late at night and my children were very sleepy, I did not ask for a change of room at that moment. My husband just swiped off all the dirt (vaccum dirt + fur ball) for both beds (we stayed in the "art of two beds") , put the dirty blood stained linen away and then placed our children on bed. Problems arose middle of the night because my 1 year old baby kept on crying due to the uncomfortability of the bed. Then, I discovered that her skin turned red because she was allergic to the dust that we did not completely swiped off. My poor little girl did not sleep for the night and so did I. At 10am, I complained to the front desk and he upgraded us to another bigger room. (His reaction was so normal as if it was just another same complain) Still, the same problem for the other room but the condition seems "better", just a little fur ball + few hair.......... Also, when we took our shower at night, we had to do it quick because there was not enough hot water for 4 of us. It costed me almost US280/2 nights. At first, I thought it was a decent, chic and hip boutique hotel, but in fact, I was cheated by the beatifully designed website. This is just a nightmare for me and my children!!! I would never stayed at this hotel again.