My Husband and I stayed here to use the Park & Stay package as we had a early flight. We knew we wouldn't get a GREAT room, but we thought it would at least be standard and clean. We walked into a disaster! The carpets had stains right as you opened the door. The walls were all marked up. The bathroom door is cracked & you can actually pull it apart just under the door latch on the side, the bathtub had atual pieces missing out of it all over the base of the tub (it looked like someone threw rocks at it hundreds of times). I always check the mattress in EVERY hotel I stay in whether its a Fairmont, Marriott, Hyatt etc. I don't care if its a 5 diamond/star hotel, I check. THIS bed was HORRIBLE! I checked the pillows and they were "fine". Then I pulled back the blankets and I found 3 HUGE stains on the fitted sheet. Each stain was the size of a DVD or bigger. Then I pulled the blanket all the way off and at the foot of the bed, there was 2 "ink" stains!! Black Ink. I called front desk and told them about it, she apologized and sent a housemen up to replace it. He knocked and handed me the sheets and went to walk away. I said "Umm. Can you at least come and take the dirty sheets away and come in and see what the problem is?" so he came in, looked, helped us change the sheets and walked WITH HIS SHOES ON the comforter that he moved to the floor and left. I looked everywhere in that room after that. I found dust and what looked to be mold behind the air conditioner that was full of dirt! Needless to say, we had two big beach towels that we were bringing with us to Florida and we used those to sleep on on the bed! We didn't feel comfortable leaving our car there but we had no choice as it was already paid and too late to find other accommodations. The shuttle was ready to bring us to the airport at 6am BUT, we had just pulled out of the parking lot of the hotel and I realized I forgot all our papers we needed for reservation confirmations and our insurance papers for our car rental at our destination and my Husband said "excuse me we forgot our papers we need to go back"............the driver punched it up the street as if he never heard us when we were directly behind him. I told my husband to forget it because I was already annoyed with the hotel. When we returned from our trip, we called for the shuttle and it took 25 minutes for it to come!!!!!!!!! We had just arrived back from hot Florida and it was freezing cold outside and we had to stand there for what seemed like forever! DON'T STAY HERE! and their breakfast...............is dry bread and cheap coffee. There are plently more options at SeaTac for park and stay. I suggest going elsewhere!