Run from this property like a bat outta hell!! I don't even know where to begin. I usually take all reviews of places I read with a grain of salt. I know sometimes people can be unreasonable in their expectations but am I sooooo sorry that I did not take all the negative reviews on this property into more consideration!Booked two rooms for a four night stay. I knew and I had read before I booked that the property was under renovation. Since I was booking months in advance, I was hoping the renovations would have been finished by the time for my trip and I would be walking into newly renovated and refurbished rooms. Well . . . WRONG!! Got there about a quarter before 3 pm and they guy at the front desk, whom I had seen outside and had taken him to be a maintenance guy, was dressed in the most wrinkled uniform shirt I've seen someone wear - not professional at all. I think it was at this point when I started to worry my worst fears had come true that all the reviews were TRUE about this place. Was told at the front desk that they did not have the list of rooms that were ready to be assigned. I know that check in time for this place is listed as 3 pm but all other hotels I've stayed at have been very accomodating in assigning me a room even a couple of hours before their check-in time. So I decided to wait to be assigned a room and unpack before heading out. Noticed while in the lobby that it was pretty warm. By the time I got back to the front desk, the shifts had changed and there was a different guy there who assured me that the air conditioning was only a problem in the building with the front desk since they were still working on renovations for the restaurant. He told we would have no problems whatsoever once in the rooms. I asked him if the room renovations were complete and he explained that they had decided to wait for the busy summer season to be over before starting on the rooms. I braced myself for the worst at that point. Got the card keys and went into the rooms assigned. With as much objectivity as possible, I have to say that the rooms were very clean. Maybe the carpet was spotted in some places but overall, the rooms and bathrooms were clean and they do have some very nice Bath  Body Works products for the shower. They also have pillow top mattresses which make for very comfy beds and the shower heads are new and good for showering. Then I noticed that the rooms had shear curtains but were missing the heavy sunlight blocking curtains behind. I thought that the side drapes could be moved but those were stationary. How can you assign a room with just shears when at night you can see from the outside into the rooms in the first level and in the morning you can not block the sunlight from coming in? The other room we had been assigned was missing that and the lampshades by the bed side - NO LAMPSHADES!! Besides that, even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room, it truly smelled of smoke in there. Then I noticed that the a/c wasn't kicking in even though I was lowering the thermostat into the 50's. Called the front desk and explained the situation and that I wasn't happy with the rooms I had been assigned. The person at the front desk was quick in re-assigning us to different rooms at which point we had to pack up our bags and go back all the way to the front desk to pick up the new keys. The second rooms were better, they were cooler and the heavy sun-blocking curtain was there. Why these rooms had them and not the others, I don't understand! Headed out to take in some sights and we were back at our rooms by 9:30 pm. The a/c system was not cooling the rooms at that point. I was about to call the front desk when the fire alarm went off. Grabbed the most important items and joined the rest of the guests in exiting the building. A staff person from the front desk was going around asking guests to return to their rooms and that it had been a false fire alarm. I decided to go to the front desk to complain about the malfunctioning a/c. I can only describe the scene as chaos when I got there. There were many guests just screaming and complaining about the whole situation. There was this lady who had mentioned the alarm had gone off two nights before. Another gentleman was demanding to be moved to a different Red Lion. The front desk was getting calls from the rooms complaining about how warm it was and all they were suggesting was for the guests to open the windows to let some of the cool air in. The poor guy at the front desk looked like he was going to lose it any minute and appeared to be on the verge of tears. I finally made my way to the front desk and asked what was going on with the a/c. He said he just did not know. Well, how was he going to handle the situation. He explained that all he could do was call an a/c maintenance guy to look into the situation. I explained I just could not and would not stay at a place without any a/c. He ended up not charging for the rooms for the night and I started to search the internet for another hotel to move to for the rest of my stay. It was a night of tossing and turning because of the warmth. I think at most I got 3 hours of itermittent sleep that night and was just exhausted in the morning. I just could not wait to leave in the morning. Red Lion hotels are supposed to be at least three stars but this one, because of the state that it is in, I can not even classify it as a motel. If you are considering a stay here, do not do so until you confirm that renovations have been completed. Shame on the new owner for not closing the place and completing renovations before opening up for business. I guess the negative reviews will continue on this one throughout the summer season.There might have been some things that I wold have been willing to overlook but the last straw were the problems with the cooling and what seemed might be regular false fire alarms. I can not comment on the breakfast, I did not partake since I just wanted out of there - FAST!!