Beyond Dreadful This hotel is the very embodiment of the downside of Priceline (WAY down). First of all, a couple of weeks prior to our arrival I'd sent two e-mails to the hotel in an attempt to confirm my reservation. They never reponded. I then called on the afternoon of our arrival. I explained that no one had bothered to respond to my e-mails. The clerk had no answer for me. When I asked her to confirm verbally, it took her a while--I heard the shuffling of papers in the background. When she returned to the phone she gave me a very uncertain and tentative verbal confirmation.We arrived quite late--around 11:30 p.m. I had advised the hotel both in my e-mails and verbally that afternoon that this would be the case. When I gave the desk clerk my name, she advised that they did NOT have a reservation for us. She claimed that I'd made the reservation for JUNE 6, not JULY 6--ridiculous, especially when I handed her the Priceline e-mail confirmation for JULY 6. She simply shrugged when she read it. She said they did have a room for us--on the ground floor (a good thing, since there are no elevators). We were completely exhausted after a LONG train ride from Vancouver. We dragged our bags to the assigned room (written on a STICKIE NOTE, I might add!). I inserted the card key into the appropriate door but it would not open. After a couple attempts I then turned the handle to try and enter. This is when we heard a loud male voice: Get out of here or I'll shoot you!. Needless to say we beat a hasty retreat to the front desk. By this time the manager was at the desk with the clerk. It appeared that he'd just awakened. He was unshaven and his shirt wasn't tucked in. He looked like--a slob, that's what he looked like! We told him what had happened and he said that the clerk was newly-hired and had made a mistake (duh!). He then gave us another card key with another STICKIE NOTE room assignment. We demanded that he accompany us. My wife said, If that guy is going to shoot us, you're going down with us. Then, my favorite part of the night: The manager actually CALLED the guy we'd awakened to apologize! We could hear him screaming at the manager--he'd undoubtedly been awakened AGAIN!The second floor room we eventually occupied was truly nasty-looking (dragging our luggage up a flight fo steps was a pleasure, too!). It was cramped, bleak and decrepit. We could practically see the wall paper peeling off. The bed creaked with every tiny movement. My back was aching the next morning. This was one of the most awful hotel experiences I've ever had (and I've had a few of 'em). Enter at your own peril!