Indescribably Incompetent We were one of 15 softball players families that had reservation at this Red Lion Hotel. Our collective experience --the front desk staff has not been trained to deal with the public, housekeeping ran out of towels and sheets, maintenance is not on site, the hotel is located in an undesirable area. Ten families left the hotel after 2 nights. (It would have been sooner if rooms were available). Here is a sample of what some of families experienced:* Requested a 1st floor room with two beds due to having an elderly parent and was given a 2nd floor room. After 2 hours of waiting was given a 1st floor room with a king bed. Took another 4 hours before their room was available. (no elevators)* A guest called from the airport for pick-up. Was told it would be 10 minutes. After waiting an hour they called the hotel and was told to take a taxi. * Rooms were unavailable upon check-in because housekeeping had run out of bed sheets. We were given one bath towel for 4 of us to use. * Four families in our group were locked out each time the hotel room door closed. Maintenance was called (Rafael -- we got to know him well) lives 45 minutes away - maintenance is not on site. On several occasions it took several hours because the front desk said they were never told that someone was locked out. Once Rafael's assistance locked the tool (that is used to open the door) in the room he had just fixed and then was unable to retrieve it because the door wouldn't open with the keycard.* We were standing in line for quarters for the washer (they do not have quarters available at the front desk) and the business travelers in front of us were told that the 3 rooms they had reserved were given away-- sorry, it's not their fault. * The front counter employees are young and are totally lacking in customer service. An employee accused a guest of throwing a keycard at her and threatened to kick her out of the hotel.* One of the father's was solicited by a prostitute at the corner gas station.* A fed-ex package was sent to one of the families that contained his daughter and his passports. He began checking with the front desk at 10:00 a.m. every half hour to see if the package had arrived. Finally he went on-line at noon to check the status of the package and Michele had sign for the package at 9:52 a.m. He went to the front desk and asked if there was a Michele and she said that's me. He said that she signed for the package. She went in the back office and came out with his passports -- the package was opened and their passports were taken out.* It took over 2 hours to check-out due to an incorrect daily charge (yes, we had to pay for this experience). The clerk was unable to correct the amount and asked me to trust them to take care of it tomorrow when the manager was in. Yeah, right!! I called the credit card company from the front desk because the clerk didn't know how to reverse the charge. We had been charged 4 different amounts which total to over $1,000 for a $400 bill. The clerk spoke to the credit card company and had the charges reversed and she promised that the manager would adjust the bill the next day to reflect the correct amount and charge our VISA. Today I checked our VISA account and we've been charged $800 for a $400 bill. The nightmare continues...Many of the families stayed at the Town and Country Extended Stay on Interurban Avenue in Tukwila and said that the staff and management was extremely friendly and made you feel welcome. The accomodations are similar (70's era) but the rooms are big with a refrigerator and stove(it was an apartment conversion). The daily rate was the same. I can honestly say it was a nightmare. Don't let the pictures fool you, be sure to read all the negative comments that guests have written about their experience -- we wished we had before reserving at this Red Lion Hotel.