I checked in and was first told it was a king size room. I had put on hotwire that I had 2 children so therefore should not have been given a king size room. The blond guy working at the desk did not want to change it. However the man working next to him was very nice and changed it for me. We got in late. We have a baby that is almost two and a thirteen year old. When we got into the room the bed on the right side up against the wall next to the window had dirty sheets. When I called down to complain, they said to come down. I asked if someone could bring them up because at this point it was late the baby was crying and my son had went to get something. They were very nice and brought up the sheet. So I had to remake the bed. The next morning there were multiple roaches in the bathroom. When the baby was on the floor next to the light switch and the bed. There is not enough room for an adult to stand there, there was a cigar butt and an old stuffed animal and a dead roach. When the baby was over at the window she somehow messed with the ac. (This was my fault, I know so I dont blame the hotel for the part of the fire alarm going off) She had turned on the heater causing the fire alarm to go off again my fault for letting her touch any buttons. But we went to open the window on the third floor which is right next to the ac unit and the bed and there were no screens. This should be a violation of safety hazards. So when we went down to breakfast, I complained to Eddie who was the only nice person at the hotel. The person the night before who gave us the rooms I thought was nice until the following day. Eddie apologized and said he was embaressed on behalf of the hotel. I really felt like he had empathy and the problems were going to be resolved. He asked how could it be resolved and I told him by getting a refund. He said he would have to ask the manager but he was out. He would however phone him and find out. So we got in around 11 PM Saturday night. When we opened the door we found one bed made, the other bed unmade. My son did have a backpack on the bed but it is unacceptable to have an unmade bed. This was the bed that I had to make the night before. So then I checked and of course the roaches, the old stuffed animal, and the cigar butt was still next to the bed where they were left. I can maybe understand the stuffed animal in case the maid had thought it was ours. There was no screen on the window either. I noticed as we were leaving Sunday that none of the rooms had screens on the windows as I was looking from the outside. So I decided I would say something at check out to the person who was nice the first night and got us the two beds. When I mentioned it to him. His response was why didn't you call Hotwire the first night and make them move you to a new motel? I think this was horrible customer service. First it shows that he had no plans of making things right. Second, it showed he did not care about the customer and getting the customer to come back to the hotel. Now we live in Tampa and spend the night in Orlando frequently to go to Universal. I could not believe that he was that uncaring of his place of business.