Where to start...? First question is- how are there so many good reviews and then when you read the bad reviews they all had the same experience? If you read the good reviews, many of them sound the same and are much too informative- this is called "padding the reviews" by Secrets themselves. If you really want to know what a hotel is like- read the bad reviews. Of course it's not possible to please everyone, but when so many of the bad reviews sound the same, you know there is a problem. I will try to be brief and concise and won't repeat a lot of what the other negative reviews have already discussed. Check-in: no one greeted us, we waited outside in rain, when they finally came, they left our luggage (with our valuables) and said, our things would be "fine". It then took 1 hour for our bags to arrive in our room (which was only two buildings away). We never received a "welcome drink" or towel or even a smile. Our check-in lasted 2 minutes where we got a packet of information thrown at usbut no explanation or discussion on room choices etc... before we were shipped off to timeshare hell. (reviewed by many others so I won't bother) Room Arrival: No special setup for our honeymoon even though we confirmed it prior to arrival. We were told we could call for our "honeymoon champagne" to be delivered, when we called they told us there was an extra charge for a bottle of champagne!! It was 82 degrees when we got in our room- the least they could have done was turn the air down? It NEVER got below 78 degrees our entire stay no matter how many times we complained. As you can imagine, we couldn't sleep,were too hot to use jacuzzi etc... and we got NO apology and NO compensation! For $500 / night,we expected not to be sweating all night long... kind of kills the romance if you can imagine. We paid for a Partial-Ocean View. What a joke! Our view was covered by trees and another building-- absolutely no view- and again, after speaking with management several times, we did not get a room change, compensation or even an apology. Service- in general we were VERY disappointed with the service, especially of the front desk and the "managers" on duty. They were rude and acted like we were being difficult complaining about having no view (even though we paid for one) and sweating to death in our room all week. They were disrespectful and had no concern that they were ruining our honeymoon or that we were incredibly disappointed with our stay. When we asked to leave, they refused to refund us, so we were forced to stay all week and suffer! We would have been happier anywhere else and wish we had left regardless because we have terrible memories from our honeymoon. We felt like the staff never smiled. The only happy go lucky people were the entertainment staff, but it is their job to look happy! We felt that the entertainment was lacking a lot, most of the say and night the resort was very boring. The only bars open past 5pm are in the main lobby building, which has no view or ocean breeze, so you never get to enjoy the beach that you are paying for in the evenings.Best bar at the whole resort is the swing bar, which is the ONLY bar with an ocean view and it is NEVER open at night! Pool bar closes at 5pm and pool closes at 6pm- both were way too early. We tried to make the best of it, but there were other problems all week- BUGS are terrible! I have stayed at other resorts close by and they do not have this problem. It makes being outside unbearable. Twice we ordered room service just so we did not have to go outside to go to dinner and get eaten alive... but even the room service we bad. It took an hour for our order of coffee, juice and water! The juice was warm like it had been sitting out all day and the milk for the coffee never came. We ordered dinner- pizza tasted like cardboard, nachos were covered in disgusting artificial cheese sauce (it's Mexico- I would really like real cheese please!), french fries were cold and rubbery etc... The restaurants were just ok, for sure not gourmet. Service was slow, drink orders were often wrong, portions were tiny. Other, MUCH less expensive resorts in the area have MUCH better food and service. I don't want to go on- I think you get the idea. The main problem for us was that they would not let us check-out, so we were forced to stay and endure what we consider to be a terrible honeymoon. We waited a year to be able to afford this trip, so it was beyond disappointing. Save your money, this place is not worth it!