July 29-Aug 3, we were two couples that arrived to SMB at 1pm and were told our rooms would be ready at 3:30pm, seemed rather long, but we walked to the grill restaurant by the pool. The food at SMB was not good, we gave a try to every restaurant on the property, even our men were disapproving (and they usually are very brave diners) However, the room service was fast and the food was fine, being resourceful, we would pack room service food for the beach since everything else at SMB tasted odd. The landscaping at SMB consists of massive areas of cement (that truly cooks during the day) and dying foliage, though at night, the lighting along the cement is pretty, I would suspect at some time in the future they may change out the extensive cement for more (healthy foliage to bring the temp down on the resort grounds) The pool scene was the heartbeat of this hotel during the day, we are beach people so our experiences with the pool were only in passing yet the music from the pool speakers and the volleyball games could be heard at our rooms (building 14) On trips to our room through the day, we noticed the pool crowd showed signs of thoroughly enjoying the swim up bar usually around 1pm. The crowd here is a mix of young 20 somethings to 60 somethings, lots of mingling, socializing throughout the pool, the atmosphere is not much changed for the second pool since the distance is approx 12 ft. The beach is cleaned every morning at around 8-9 am, the seaweed is raked, glasses picked up etc, the beach is beautiful as it is around most of the Yucatan. The swim out rooms were well appointed, the ac worked perfectly (opening the sliding glass doors will auto off the ac) the bed was comfortable, the decoration was somewhat dark and out of date. The swim outs somehow carry sound, we heard not only the music from the pool area, but also the music and crowd from the entertainment area, the people above us, and anytime there was a chat going on from people in the swim out pool along our building. I had expressed my concerns to the concierge, he offered to contact us later that afternoon, to show us rooms in another building, we did not hear from him, or anyone the rest of the stay. We travelled with long time friends from Mexico City, they did not have a clock radio/Ipod dock in their room as we did. When they requested one, the concierge repeated one sentence to them "Some room just don't have them" they tried to speak to her in Spanish, she refused to communicate other than the one sentence in english, we witnessed this, unbelieving, she must have said "Some rooms just don't have them" 10 times. Another concierge was brought into this discussion, he apologized, and said he would have one put into their room, it never happened. On our last evening we decided to give a second attempt at the outdoor grill or Oceana, we were put on a waiting list, and while waiting we noticed the music battle between an accordionist and violinist against the speaker music, that was enough ,we left, walked down the beach and found another hotel, had a beautiful, romantic and delicious dinner seaside. Overall, SMB is nothing we had hoped for, not as romantic, lush and opulent, not as polite chic or exclusive as advertised, The best part of our trip was finding all this and more at our new favorite just a few doors down.