My husband and I booked a one week stay at Dreams Tulum last November. One week before our departure, our travel agent called to inform us that the resort had been closed by the Mexican government due to structural issues with the building. We were offered a substitution vacation at Secrets Maroma Beach outside of Cancun. Upon check-in we were told that there was not a problem with the building in Tulum, rather some paperwork was not in order. It must have been significantly out of order, as the entire staff from the Tulum resort had been transferred to Secrets Maroma Beach. Secrets sucked. At first we were put in a room in the middle of a huge, noisy wedding party. We requested a different room and were put in an older section of the hotel. It was quieter, but probably not wired to any sort of electrical code. The power would go off several times a day, which was super annoying when either of us were in the shower, as it turned into a slippery black hole. The toilet smelled like raw sewage. The toilet seat did not even cover the porcelain rim of the actual toilet. Though we had a small balcony, it was unusable due to the hordes of mosquitoes infesting it. Our room was stuffy, and by the time we checked out, there was actual mold growing on the walls in elaborate coral reef-like formations. Not all of the restaurants were open, and those that were did not have everything listed on the menus. As a nice woman from Scotland observed, it was definitely not the value proposition. There was an outdoor pavilion which featured incredibly loud nightly shows. We couldn't block out the noise even though we were on the other side of the resort. Finally, the pools were cold, and there was not a functioning hot tub on the premises. We were disappointed that we lost our trip to Tulum. We chose it because we like to be outdoors, and had really enjoyed a stay at Dreams Puerto Vallarta the year before. Secrets was not at all what we were looking for, from loud, drunken 20-somethings to middle-aged swingers who hit indiscriminately on both me and my husband. We never relaxed, and we did not enjoy our stay. We have told all of our friends to steer clear of Secrets. We are trying Dreams again, in Puerto Vallarta this fall.