From the second we walked through the door, our experience at East Houston was my worst hotel experience to date, at a very high price. You can get so so much more for your money else where. As we came into reception we were hit by the smell of dirty mouldy water - i think this was maybe what they were mopping the area with - dirty water, nice. Then we discovered they had totally messed up our booking - these things happen, but it was the way they dealt with it that left us sad and still angry. We'd reserved 4 nights at approx 240 per night - pretty expensive - for a superior queen room. When we arrived they said we had to move to a twin room the next night and another the following night, and didn't understand why that would not be ideal for a couple on a romantic break, the only other option was a tiny double directly off the ground floor lobby with no window where we would again have to move around the hotel. There would be no discount they said! Fine we said, as you cannot fulfil our aggreement, we'll find somewhere else tomorrow and just stay tonight. We had to argue in reception for almost an hour to get them to agree to this and not charge us for 2 nights stay, we actually were charged for 2 nights, and had to deal with the manager for another hour to get the refund the next day. The rooms are teeny tiny, look tired, scuffed and scratched floors, walls and furniture, old toothpaste splattered up the bathroom wall, and very very loud air con. Having glass bathroom walls is ridiculous for sharers - if someone needs the bathroom in the night the light wakes the other person up! TV didn't work and we really did not want to have to spend more of our short holiday speaking with staff there to try and get it sorted [it probably wasn't broken but on the wrong setting - control didn't work with it]. Internet free, but very very slow. Breakfast is served in the basement and would be fine for a budget hotel or hostel, but seriously embarrassing for a so-called boutique hotel. cheap flimsy tiny tables and school chairs. the actual food and drink was fine, but at the price we were paying, very disappointing. So we went around the corner, into the reception of a proper boutique hotel - a famous trendy chain - and were welcomed so nicely, and given a beautiful huge room with floor to ceiling windows on 2 walls AT HALF THE PRICE per night. Only reason I am not naming is because I went back to NY recently and it was fully booked and I want to stay again soon! Sorry. This is the first time I have ever had to write a bad review of anything online, and I am still angry at the huge waste of money. If you get this for a low budget price like $100 a night, it's fine, but do not believe the nice pictures or description on the website - you will be disapointed if you pay boutique hotel prices and expect the service to live up to expectations. This is a BUDGET level of service and decor.