Where do I begin? Following previous reviews, I'll use the number system to make it a little easier on myself! 1. Front desk is ridiculous - a joke. Hilton Honors Check-In? No chance. It took 15 minutes once we reached the desk as "Bob" answered every phone, answered every question asked of him on the phone and at one point, put the phone down, told us to hold on while he went and researched the answer for whoever was on the phone! Hello, we are standing right here - why is the guy on the phone more important? As far as a front desk is concerned, don't ask them anything. They have no answers. Don't have a clue what time any venues or stores around them open or close and no matter what restaurant we asked about, no one knew anything about any of them. Awful. 2. Our room. Being a diamond member, I have to say that most properties treat my husband fairly well. No room upgrade, unless you call a street view an upgrade. It had a chair and ottoman in it that took up literally the whole side of the bed that he sleeps on. Had to rearrange furniture before going to bed so he could get there and heaven forbid he have to get up in the middle of the night - he jammed his toe the first night! No bottled water in the room, and let me tell you, the water in Baltimore is crap. We went downstairs and overheard Bob telling some folks to help themselves to water in the cooler in the "store" to the left of the front desk. We said hey, what's up with that? We didn't get water in our room. He said "are you Honors members?" This was not 10 minutes after we had checked in. We said, well yes, Diamond as a matter of fact. He then said to get some water. We asked if that was a daily thing, and he said no, just on check-in. We usually get water daily at Hiltons, but then we don't stay at Garden Inns very often. The Homewood Suites shares the desk and lobby with the Garden Inn, and the rest of our business group stayed there with not a whole lot more luck. The toilet in the room flushed every 10 or 15 minutes, on its own. As a matter if fact, we thought someone was in the room as we first arrived because it was flushing as we walked in. Told the front desk - "oh, we'll have someone up to fix that right away." Well, 4 days later, it was still a-flushin'. The closet door was jammed and basically, we had to leave it open the whole stay. They were told, but never fixed it. I developed a rash one night while sleeping, and after reading the bedbug concerns....I don't know? 3. Parking is $25/day for in-and-out capabilities, but in truth, you don't need your car if you're just staying in the inner harbor, so save yourself a whopping $3/day and don't get the in-and-out part. Way too expensive for just parking a car with no valet. 4. The breakfast in the morning is actually quite good. They will make eggs to order, which is a nice departure from the "heat lamp" eggs out on display. We asked for wine glasses for our room - no. We asked for plates - no. We asked for silverware - no. We got plastic packets of forks, knives, etc., and styrofoam trays. Give me a break. 5. This property is in a good location, but I would never stay there again should I ever find myself in Baltimore. There is a Hilton down the street, and though it might be a little bit of a walk, I'd probably check that place out. The Garden Inn borders Little Italy, and the smells coming out of those restaurants are incredible! Also, the James Joyce Irish Pub is right across the street with good beers, scotch and wine and the best corned beef and cabbage we've ever had. Vaccaro's is a bakery in Little Italy very worth going to for a late night dessert and cappucino, all a short walk away. The National Aquarium was interesting, but full, and I do mean full, of schoolkids on field trips. I would take it in on a weekend instead, but we didn't know till we got inside! 6. The fitness center is huge - has a contract with the hotel. If you work out, you won't be disappointed. 7. The water taxi is a great way to get around the harbor and is available in the dock area. You pay when you get onboard, get a stamp on your hand, and you can use it all day until 11pm - the cost is $9/pp. 8. All in all, this was a horrible experience. Not on par for Hilton, even a Garden Inn, by any standards. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.