My husband and I checked into the Comfort Suites City Center, 515 South West Street, Indianapolis, IN Thrusday, Sept 30. When we went into the room our first impression was good. I used one of their towels to wipe the draws out then I unpacked our luggage. We went out to eat came back went to bed. We got up the following morning (Friday) got ourselves ready to leave the room, I picked my purse up off the table that sits in between the beds with the lamp, clock and phone on it. I notice a small bug on my purse. I tried to prevent the bug from going into my purse but the little bug moved so quickly my eyes could not follow it. My purse was black and the table was also dark in color. I empted the content of my purse on the bed to make sure the bug was not in my purse. I could not find the bug ,so I put everthing back in my purse and my husband and I left for breakfast and to spend the day with my cousin. We was gone all day. We returned to the hotel it had been a long day so we went to bed. The following morning (Saturday) I woke up with a red spot on my right upper arm by now I am a little concern that maybe there are bed bugs in our room. I went to the bathroom to check my body for other spots, but I did not see any other spots so I was relieved. I checked the beds but I did not see anything. Saturday night after the Circle City Classic game was over we purchased food and headed back to our room. We sat around talked and watched TNT. I turned the lamp on that sat on the table in between the beds. I was sitting on the side of the bed watching TV. My pop was on the table and I reached for the pop and these little bugs was running all over the white brochure and around the top of the table. I put my glases on and the bugs was also on the headboard and the wall that the head board was attached on. My husband and I killed a few of them but they kept coming. We call the front desk , The desk clerk an older white lady came up to investigate. She saw the bugs, and change us from room 211 to room 210. Sunday morning when we went to check out the night desk clerk was no longer there, and according to the day desk clerk and manager on duty Sunday morning the night clerk that gave us the key cards and brought up the cart for us to move from room 211 to room 210 wrote she saw one bug. The manager gave my husband a card and told him to call the General Manager Richard Letko. I showed the night desk clerk the bugs, she saw the bugs with her own eyes. The fact that they lied about their bug problem in the room I stayed in made me believe they knew about the bugs. I do not believe my husband and I are the first to report it. I am not sure if these bugs just come out at night or if I just did not notice them because the wood was dark and maybe because I was gone most of the day. bugs was also on the desk, but nothing like on the table in between the two beds. My family and I have dealt with this hotel chain for years, and this is the first time I have encounter bugs.