As an experienced traveler thats know a lot about different destinations I will never stay at a Hyatt ever again! For our honeymoon we wanted a nice hotel in Maui. Well the Hyatt was the farthest thing from it! We were orginally booked at the Sheraton down the road, however we came across a sale at the Hyatt so decided to rebook there. Upon arriving there was construction everywhere which we were never informed about. If we had know about the construction we would have never stayed. Upon trying to checking in at 11am we were told they no longer had any king beds and we would have a room with two double beds because they are completely sold out. We are a honeymoon couple we did not want to see two beds in our room! I was very unpleased because I had called to recomfirm our reservation in an oceanview room with a king bed each day for three days before our arrival. I was ever willing to wait for a room until check in time to get a king bed, they told us they would not have one so we had no choice but to take this room. The girl at the desk did nothing to make us feel better about having to have two beds. The funny thing about this is they did have king beds because we met people that checked in later that day that got a king bed. Our view of our room was a nice one of the ocean and the sounds of saws and loads of construction. We never even used our balcony or opened the window because that was not what we wanted to hear on my honeymoon in Hawaii! The stay here just went downhill from there. We tried to use the pool the next day and were made to wear wrist bands like we were at a carnival. They advertise there "swim-up" pool bar or should I saw their swim up to the stairs and get out of the pool bar. Its false advertisement. The drinks were outrageously priced and to get towels was a nightmare! We were given four towel cards that allow you to turn in one card for a towel. We were there for 4 days and there was 2 of us, are we suppose to share one towel a day?! Apparently, because when we went to get a towel after our short time at the overcrowded pool the guy working there told us we could only have one unless we had another card which we did not because it was in our room. My husband being the great man he is gave me the towel to walk back to the room and he walked back wet and cold. The next day we decided we would venture out to a beach away from the hotel since the one in front of the hotel is not really a beach. Well after walking 10 minutes to our car I forgot to get towels so we drove around to stop at the front desk for towels. When I asked for towels they told me I could go get them at the pool (at least a 20 minute walk) with my towel card. I asked if they could just give me two for the day so i did not have to walk up to my room to get towel cards and then to the pool to get towels. I would have given them my room number but without hesitation I got a no. I told them to forget it and we would just go buy towels. After a lovely day away from the hotel upon arriving back they had closed the parkign lot in the back of the hotel where we had been parking. Now forced to park in the valet lot but did not have to valet the car. Well after driving around for 30 minutes to find a spot and walking 20 minutes back to our room we decided to order a bottle or champagne. Well like everything else the girl told me they would get it to us when they had time because it was not a rush. Wow now that's some customer service! About an hour later we got our champagne which we couldn't even enjoy on our balcony. It was an awful stay and that isn't even everything that happened. We have stayed at motels with better treatment and less accomodations. After staying here we will never stay at another Hyatt ever! Our entire stay felt like we were inconviencing the employees by being there. The staff is nothing but rude, inconsiderate and non-empathetic. I have worked in hotels, restaurants, car rentals and as a travel agent I know customer service and they could have at any point listened to my fustration and turned my mind about them around. However, we just left there with a terrible taste in my mouth and will never recommend this hotel to anyone. I wish we had stuck with the Sheraton. DON'T STAY HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO HAVE A TERRIBLE TIME!