My wife and two kids travel to Maui every year during the spring break. We have stayed at the Hyatt the last two years. This year we stayed from March 20 through March 28 and encountered many problems. They are listed below. We booked our room and the hotel never disclosed that the pool area reatuarant was under construction. The sound of the jake hammers beginning at 9am was a real treat. The temporary bar set up is a joke. 1. At check in on March 20, the hotel apparently overbooked rooms with two beds and we were given a room with a king bed and sofa sleeper. Survice to say sleeping on sofa sleeper is not the experience you expect, nor was it very comfortable. It was also evident that many other guests were experiencing the same problem as you could hear many guests complaining in the lobby. The room was located in the Regency tower facing the 30 highway, much to noisy as we sleep with the slider open and do not use the a/c. Instead of hearing waves crash on the beach we heard the sounds of cars and mopeds buzzing up and down the 30. We paid $656.00 per night, We expected a quite ocean view room that we could call home for seven days. 2. March 21- The hotel agrees to move us to another room with two beds. We leave other belongings and make the trek to Hana. On our return we find our belongings in our new room with two beds. The only problem was that this room was facing the noisy 30 highway. " Was nobody listening" When we asked to be away from the noisy freeway? Anyway we spend another night in a room that did not meet our expecations. 3. March 22- My wife is so tired of switching rooms she talks with management who reluctantly switches us to the Napilli tower. The room is quite and has two beds. After spending two full days securing a room we notice that the elevators are not working throughout the property and we spend much of our time waiting for elevators and taking the stairs. 4. We try room service on Saturday night March March 22, nobody answers the phone so we call the operator who in turn calls room service for us. Moments later the operator calls us in our room and states that she can not get any one to answer as well. We go down to Spats and ask for a Pizza for take out and they state they do not do take out. I could go on and on and on, but you get the point. Service at this hotel has slipped, the attitude of the employees at the desk and at valet will confirm this, especially if you need a problem resolved. The rooms are in need of a renovation. For $656.00 a night stay at the Grand Wailea or the Sheraton. Ending on a positive the housekeeping staff are hardworking and friendly. They truly embrace the " Spirit of hospitality" MJ and Family- San Diego,CA