I stayed at this resort for 5 days during this December 2007 and I was very, very disappointed with what this property had to offer for the huge nightly rate they are demanding. First of all I got a room for $200 a night from Priceline but after you add up the resort fees and parking you end up with about $250 a day which is NOT worth it. First about the hotel: 1. Perfect staff, very friendly and knowledgeable 2. Room attendant did a great job cleaning the room 3. The hotel is kid friendly 4. You get Internet connection in the room 5. The bed and pillows are ok and they do bring you a roll on bed if you need one Sorry but this is all the good stuff I have and here is the bad: 1. This hotel is old, very old in major need of renovation and upgrading 2. Food at the Swan was mediocre at best and unless is included in your price does not go because you are not getting much for the $25 breakfast charge. It was raining on my table (I was there during the recent storm), thats how old this hotel is. 3. The pool is nice but the water was cold and the beach area in front of the hotel is very, very small 4. The room was nice but dated, with a 19-inch TV and bad reception on most channels. 5. The Italian restaurant they have is very odd with bad furniture and a very expensive wine list (did not try the food) Other then the hotel NOT being worth the money they charge, this is the ugly side of the island. Waillea (not sure about the spelling) is the place you want to be if you want the best of what this island has to offer (golf, hotel, shopping, food, entertainment). Last but not least, this island is for honey mooners and not for single people looking for fun or night life/ because they dont have any. Also, rent a car if you come here because there is no public transportation and I did not see many cabs. Hyatt should be ashamed for having a property in such bad condition carry their name. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more bucks and go to Four seasons or Ritz, otherwise you will share my disappointment. DO NOT STAY HERE! unless the rate you get is $50 or less.