Spent five nights here on honeymoon. Not impressed from beginning to end. The room we had looked like it had been two very small rooms that had had the wall between them knocked out. The lanai was split by a wall, creating two separate areas (kind of odd). Also, the lanai was apparently not included in maid service. The toilet/shower area was separated from the sink area by a door, which was fine, but a shoehorn was required to wedge one's self in to go to the bathroom. The TV made a loud high-pitched noise that would go away only after a couple of good solid whacks on it's side. They are very proud of their beds, but we found them excessively soft and unsupportive. The pool itself was okay, but the poolside chairs were on top of one another, and it was always a mob scene. Drinks ordered poolside took 30 minutes for delivery. And their website advertises a pool bar, but we discovered that that bar is only open from noon to 4:00, at its main purpose is as a service bar for waitresses. And I've seen a lot made about the art here. Yes, there is art all over the hotel, but not in the rooms. We had one small etching to brighten up the sea of 70's-era beige wallpaper. The beach is a mere sliver of sand that is barely big enough for two people to walk on side by side. In the water, there is a very quick drop off, so wading is next to impossible. It's much better up the beach by the Sheraton. Valet parking is almost mandatory on weekend nights due to limited self-parking. We used the service three nights. Of those three times, they lost our keys twice. The woman at the valet desk and the big goofy valet guy, Steve, both implied that it was somehow OUR FAULT. Our experience with room service was only marginally better than our experience with valet parking. We ordered a bottle of wine, but they brought the wrong one. Sent it back and thirty-plus minutes later a manager showed up with the correct one and a pretty contemptible attitude, implying that it was OUR FAULT that they had delivered the wrong thing in the first place. Excuse me, but zinfandel and white zinfandel are two completely different things. Oh, and as if that wasn't bad enough, the wine we got was marked up about 500% above retail. One note about the mandatory resort fee: I don't think the newspaper I got three out of five mornings was worth $15/day. All in all, this place was way too impersonal and the service was sub-par for such a place. Also, Kaanapali is too crowded. If I had it to do again I'd go up the coast to Kapalua.