We've stayed on Maui many times at a variety of places from condos to resort hotels. We have also traveled quite a lot and have experienced many levels of service. We were sorely disappointed with the service at this property, so much so that we changed hotels the night we checked in. I read the TA reviews of this hotel and based on the mostly positive responses decided to stay here. We hadn't stayed at Kaanapali for a number of years and this place has always intrigued me. I was very taken with the "most Hawaiian hotel" marketing. I was pleased to get a good AAA rate of $214/night including breakfast. We arrived about 12:30, 3 hours before check-in time. We were greeted by a bellman who asked if we were checking in when we pulled up to the lobby. No "aloha" or welcome. The lobby is 1960's chic;small with low ceilings and numerous people in various states of attire milling about. We stood in line behind a velvet rope to check in with the one person at the front desk. When it was our turn we were told by the poor overworked young woman that our room wasn't ready yet and we should go get lunch or wander around until we received a call. Fair enough as we were 3 hours early for check-in. We ate lunch, went shopping, talked with one of the concierges and 2 hours later our room still wasn't ready. By the way, the concierge told us that the whole beach was at 60% occupancy. So why wasn't there a room available for us? Maybe they didn't have enough staff? Finally, after checking at about 3:00 we were given a room. We dragged our wheelies over to the partial ocean view room and were unpleasantly surprised to find 2 beds, not a king as requested. We also found that we could see the ocean if we went out on the balcony (this was no lanai) and leaned over. Pretty steamed, I called the front desk and said this would not do. To make a painfully long story short, after being told the only king room available was on the 2nd floor (including any ocean view rooms which we were willing to upgrade to) we ended up asking to talk with the manager on duty. She told us that based on our room request (quiet, away from elevators and ice machine and a king bed) they decided that quiet was more important than the bed size (we had also told them this was our 35th anniversary)! We opted to try the 2nd floor room (which had the possibility of carrying in noise from the people walking by outside) but we had to wait for that to be inspected by whoever at housekeeping. The manager gave us some drink tickets so we sat at the outside bar with our suitcases waiting for the call to tell us the room was ready. We had the possibility of changing to a 4th floor room the next day if this room turned out to be too noisy for us. We finally got into the room sometime after 4:00 and unpacked. It was a basic motel room, nothing fancy with a balcony which actually had more of an ocean view that the 4th floor room. However, once we opened the doors we got to hear our neighbors shouting from the lawn to their roommates so it wasn't too pleasant. Also, the bare chested guy who leaned his gut against the front desk podium wasn't too appealing either. And did I mention that while we were waiting in the lobby I got up from a couch to find my butt was all wet because someone in a wet suit apparently sat there before me (I'm hoping!). Oh, and one of the concierge's cell phone went off while she wasn't near it and that made kind of a racket too. So, most Hawaiian hotel on Maui or whatever they claim? I don't think so. Relaxing? Not at all. Aloha spirit? Couldn't find it. That evening we stopped by the Napili Kai Beach Resort where we last stayed 10 or 11 years ago. We were warmly welcomed by the two front desk people and were told they could help us in just a few minutes while they finished checking in some folks. The mere act of acknowledging our presence was a refreshing difference between this property and the KPH. Because the rates were higher I didn't consider staying here when planning our trip. Luckily, they had available rooms and we ended up switching hotels that night. The rest of our vacation couldn't have been more relaxing. I've learned my lesson - you get what you pay for.