I came on a business trip for work, with colleagues. We're all familiar with the hotels in Maui, but this was my first time staying in this hotel. I was rather excited considering how much it had been hyped up. When I pulled in the first thought in my head was "that's it?". Now I'm a pretty good judge, I know this wasn't gonna be a Sheraton or a Westin. But that doesn't mean for a moderate that I couldn't be impressed in some shape or form. Upon checking in the staff was rather friendly. The rooms were basic, nothing much to them but then again as I mentioned I wasn't expecting the Ritz. I went to turn on the TV to find that the remote wasn't working, I had called the front desk to ask for assistance and the response I got was "Oh, you can get up and change it yourself" and a click. I didn't fly 10 hours so I could get up and change the channel every few seconds. Now granted, I didn't come to the island to watch TV but all I wanted to do before I had to get up and working was relax for half a second. I called back and got another staff member, whom had apologized for the situation when I mentioned. All it needed was a simple battery change, not so difficult right? After that I had shook it off, I opened the fridge to find a nice little welcome amenity, chocolate chip cookies and orange passion juice, great right? I set it up on the cabinet so the cookies wouldn't be so hard to eat later when I came back. Before I made my way out I discovered mold...yes...MOLD! I had requested yet again, and 3 calls to the front desk within an hour is not a good sign! For the situation to be handled accordingly. I had left the room and figured by the time I got back they'd have the time they needed to figure it out. I had appointments and meetings I had to take care of. Upon my return I had found that we had been moved to another room. I went back and packed up only to find a swarm of ants climbing over my cookies. Needless to say, as easy to please as I usually am. This did not impress me!!! They are also in dire need of renovations. My suggestion? Move to the Royal Lahaina, I stayed there on my vacation, LOVED it!