It was our 30th Wedding Anniversary and we had stated at the Ka anapali Beach Hotel on a previous vacation in 2000, but this visit was different. I had contacted the hotel before our trip that we were celebrating our Wedding Anniversary, I also told the Blue Hawaii Tour we were celebrating, our anniversary. We arrived 9PM Hawaii time, traveling from the Mainland our time we were five hours later. When we arrived at the Kaanapali there was no Aloha welcome to our hotel. We were tired from our long trip, and then there was no rooms with a Kingsize bed, only two doubles. The room look like I had arrived at at Motel 6, with the drapes drawn that is where I thought I was at. The room was the original part of the hotel and it looked every day of it built in the 70's. The next day we went down to talk to the Manager about our accomodations, and the only person available was the Assistant Manager. I expressed our disappointment with our room accomodations and that we were celebrating our 30th Wedding anniversary. We were given another room, two days later after another guest had checked out. There is also a courtyard with entertainment nightly, which is beautiful. There are three different places for guest to eat at the hotel. The Tikki Hut which serves grilled hot dogs, hamburgers etc... The mood was not Aloha there either, when I walked up to place an order the help seem bothered by my presents. We also ate at the Mixed Plate with the same attitude, no welcome of Aloha, good morning. no one was friendly and no one greeted you with Aloha. We also ate at the Tikki Terrace and again there was no Aloha. I am speaking from experience as my spouse and I have traveled to Hawaii a dozen times, and have stayed at this hotel twice before and know this is not the Aloha sprit we once knew. I also completed the hotel survey on our accomodations and expereince and turned it into the hotel, and received an apology from the hotel Manager, he was sorry that we didn't have a pleasant expereince , after our arrival home several weeks later. I would not recommend staying at this Hotel to anyone, after this experience, and no one cared we were celebrating our 30th Wedding Anniversary. I am afraid this hotel is losing their Aloha!