I've have stayed in some pretty scary and dirty hotels--so I have experience with the worst--and this is 2nd worst place I've ever stayed. Super-small rooms. Claustrophobic. The world's worst-designed bathroom. In their goal to pack the most into the smallest place, they forgo normal bathroom planning and just crammed it all in. At least the toilets flush and you don't have to squat. The room has 1 bed and 2 nightstands but only 1 1/2 drawers. The cupboard you think might come in handy? It's the electrical panel for the room. Wet towel? Well, you've got three hooks on the wall. Anything else to hang up? Too bad. And the floor mat in front of the bathroom? Not sure when it was last cleaned, but I'm sure my feet got dirty stepping out of the shower. We had to ask to keep our old towels the next day so we had a clean place to wipe our feet before entering the room. Shower is directly next to toilet bowl -- cannot shower without toilet getting wet. No smoking in the hotel and with no window that opens, no way to cheat (So you have to wait for the world's slowest elevator to step outside.) Instead of bar soap, you get a liquid soap dispenser on the wall for your hair & body. Sheets were torn and not clean--had hairs on them. Pillow cases and sheets had some sort of industrial stain that will probably never come out. Bathroom had mildew along most caulk. The entry way is so cramped you cannot open the bathroom and the door to the room at the same time. No room for luggage. Pillows compress too much and if the hotel is full, no extra pillows available. Hotel not near anything worth seeing. It's close to a bus stop, but if you're taking the MRT to most destinations, the wait for the bus and the trip back and forth becomes tiresome. There are 24-hour food stalls 50 feet from the lobby, so that's very handy for eating anytime. If your world-compatible adapter doesn't fit in the outlet, ask for an outlet adapter. It's a $5 SGD refundable deposit. If you have USA-style plugs, you can plug in the top and bottom so you have 2 plugs for 1 adapter. There are tons of Fragrance Hotels. When reading reviews and booking, be sure which Fragrance it is. Hopefully your stay is short (in this hotel) and you only have overnight bags or backpacks because there is no room for anything else. This is by far the leanest accommodations in which I've ever stayed. If you like this area, look for the Value Hotel on Ballestier--it has better reviews. Just say "No" to the Fragrance Hotel - Oasis.