My nephew who lives in London booked this place( that cannot be defined as an hotel) since he wanted me and my family to be close to his appartment. We checked in on the 17th of december. The lady at the desk who checked us in was very kind (Katrina). She asked for the payment for the whole stay in advance. She guaranteed us that since we were private clients our rooms across the road were very nice. We booked for my self, my husbandand and my son (21 months old child) a double room, and a triple for my sister her husband and her daughter. As soon as the rooms were shown to us I was kind of shocked (room number 1 and room number 10). The rooms were dirty and my bathroom was really small and most important without heating. My family and I decided to talk to the lady the morning after since we all were very tired. The 18th of december, we went to Katrina informing her that we were disappointed. She offered another room inside the building where we checked in , but the room that was showed to us was even more dirty that our rooms. At this point Katerina suggested us to pack our lugguge and place it in my sister's room so when we would come back from the city a new room with a bigger and warm bathroom would be given to us. That never happened. We came back and the person at the reception was never informed that our room had to be changed. We decided to take our old room since my son was tired and since no other option was given. As soon as we entered the rooms we immediately realized that it was freezing! The heating this time was not working at all! The gentleman at the recption told us that the maintenance person would come after midnight to fix the problem. We all waited in the lobby since our rooms were too cold. My son since it was so late (past midnight) started crying very loudly in the lobby. The getleman at the desk offered us his electric heater and escorted us to the rooms. We decided to sleep all together in room numer 1 since my room number ten was freezing and we could not use our bathroom in room number ten. The 19th of december after spending a sleepless night we went to the front desk to speak to a manger regarding our problem. Noone was available and we were actually asked to bring back the electrical heater since the reception area was cold!!! At this point we really wanted to be refund and leave. We were asked to pack all our lugguge since later some rooms would become available. Later in the evening they told us that the heating problem was fixed and that we could check in back to our old rooms. I refused to go to room number ten since the bathroom was cold. I was offered room number 3. The shower in this new room was full of mould, dust everywhere. The best thing though is that the heating was not working again after one hour!!! On monday we finally managed to talk to Mr. Perigleous Andreas (manager). My husband and I (after 3 days of packing and unpacking, sleepless nights for how freezing the rooms were) asked for a refund. Mr. Perigleous informed us that no heating problem was reported. He asked us to come back later since he wanted to provide to fix this issue. He said that was his priority! At 05.30 pm we were in the lobby waiting for him to speak to us about the refund. After 40 minutes he walked outside the hotel and received us by the front door. My husband and I found that very odd. He tried remembering our issue since he stated he was very tired since he worked all day. He asked us if we came often to the UK cause next time we could stay for free one night at his hotel!!!! At this point I truly did not want to believe what he said! I replied that we expected to be refund since we could not shower once in our room (we used the entire stay my sister's bathroom in room number one), we froze for two nights infact my son got sick...and that his offer was truly unacceptable! While I was explaining him my point of view he walked away leaving me in the middle of the street, stating I was not being reasanable and that it was not true that the heating was not working since his stuff did not inform him! I did not know what to do. I called the police and they kindly told me that they could not help us. So basically we were robbed and could not be helped by anyone! I truly cannot describe the sense of frustration and disappointment we all felt. This hotel experience ruined completely our stay in London. I worked for ten years in the hotel business and never in my life I faced such a situation. Noone apologized. Noone offered a refund. The cherry on the cake? This morning (21st of december) the water in the shower was cold so we could not use it before getting on the plane. I cannot believe that in a country like England a tourist has no rights. I cannot believe that a filthy place like this 'hotel' can run without being checked by any authority! Never in my life I would suggest such a nightmare 'hotel'!