The Trump International Hotel was a sheer disappointment. This place left a bad taste in my mouth and I'm not sure if I will ever stay at a Trump hotel again. This was the first time, to my knowledge, that I have stayed at a Trump Hotel and I had high expectations. They claim to be a five star establishment and I strongly disagree. If you are in Las Vegas for the sole purpose of business, then maybe it will satisfy you. If you are coming to Vegas for Vegas, then stay away from this place. There is no casino, no night club, and no smoking. TRANSLATION: The place is dead and boring! The room was okay, I would compare it to one of the better hotel chains like the Doubletree or Hilton. In comparison to most high-end Casino/Hotel rooms like the Palazzo, the room accomodations here look like a cheap Motel 6 room. Their standard rooms only come with one king bed, and a very uncomfortable sofa pullout bed. We asked the front desk if we could get an upgraded room with two beds, since I am male and I don't like sleeping with my male friend. Hotwire books you the room without a bed preference. They said the only rooms that had more than one bed were their penthouses and they are reserved. They were really snobby about it too. THIS PLACE IS NOT ON THE STRIP, ALTHOUGH HOTWIRE WILL SELL YOU A ROOM THERE AND SAY ITS ON THE NORTH END OF THE STRIP. IF YOU WANT TO VISIT THE STRIP, EXPECT TO DRIVE, , TAKE A LONG WALK, PAY FOR A CAB, OR ATTEMPT TO GET ON THEIR RIDICULOUS SHUTTLE. There is one pool and one jacuzzi for the entire hotel. The pool/jacuzzi is open from something like 8am-5pm which is utterly ridiculous. The service, from the housekeeping to the front desk, was terrible! There was no bedding for the pull out bed and we had to make repeated phone calls for about 45 minutes (seriously) to get the bedding. This happened at the end of the night when we were ready to sleep. We had to make a few other calls regarding problems with the room and went through the same thing. There is no self parking, therefore forcing you to valet your vehicle and pay every time you get it in or out. The resort fee is crazy! How is this a resort? Maybe because they give you two complimentary bottled waters and they have an expensive spa? There is a complimentary shuttle, which is actually a mini-van, that will transport you to The Wynn or the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. This "shuttle" runs from 9am-midnight. The line is always long and you will never know how long you will have to wait. If the shuttle fills up, you have to wait for the next one. Also, keep in mind, the Forum Shops entrance is all the way at the back of Caesars Palace and the Wynn is not on the strip either. SO ANNOYING! I WILL NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, GO BACK TO THIS HOTEL AGAIN. I visit Las Vegas on a regular basis and I will actually be afraid to use Hotwire again for fear I will get this hotel.