First off, I have NEVER in my life written a hotel review that was this unfavorable. I understand that in the restaurant and hotel industry things happen, having said this what my guest and I experienced at the The Trump Hotel, I feel, needs to be relayed as to not further disappoint future guests expecting not only a five star hotel but five star service. Upon check in we were moved to an extremely noisy room right above an outdoor pool that was playing very, very loud music and crowded by an equally as loud crowd. I am 30 years old, not 60, and I felt as though I was at a frat party. We asked to move which they accommodated. The moved us to another room that was just as noisy. We called the front desk and were told that someone would be right up with not only our bagged but keys to another room that was promised to be much quieter. 45 minutes later, no bags, no keys, we are starving and decide to just go our selves to the new room and wait up there. When we get off the elevator and turned the corner a very upset bellboy shouted, "Well, there you guys are! I have been waiting here for over half an hour!". Well, please excuse us. Anyway, we get settled into our new room which is quite nice. We at this point are starting to regret not having gotten lunch prior to arrival and promptly decided on room service. No menu was to be found. We call the front desk and another 45 minutes later a menu arrives. We decide to go out. I realize I have left a $1000 pair of Chanel shoes in one of the previous rooms. We call the front desk and receive a very poor response. Somewhat like it was my fault I had left the shoes in the first place. To make a long story short with still getting the point across, we called about the shoes at around 4pm and did not have the shoes returned to us until after 10pm. This is after countless phone calls to the management, Orbitz, American Express, the hotel security and housekeeping. Finally a manager named Glenn went to one of the previous rooms and simply knocked on the door and asked the new guests if the shoes were in the room. They were and they were returned to me. Now, why and how housekeeping could have overlooked a pair of shoes sitting right on the first surface once you walk through the front door is beyond me but even more so, how the staff as a whole continuously promised both rooms had been thoroughly checked and there were no shoes was insulting. I felt as though I was being called a liar for about 6 hours. The amount of attitude we experienced was totally out of line. The whole experience was upsetting so we cut our trip short and checked out a night early. When we go to get our car from valet the car pulls up sans our luggage. Nearly half an hour later and frustration having become the default emotion being on the Trump property our bags were finally put in the car and we left. The Trump Hotel was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a hotel. The crowd was definitely not a 5 star crowd. The staff was rude, belittling and and lacked any true care and/or concern for the discomfort we were going though in regards to the missing shoes. The food was poor, it was loud, crowded and all around not a luxury vibe whatsoever. We will not be returning.