The noise and location 'Trumped' other promising features of this hotel My wife and I have been to Vegas 4 times and have stayed at approximately 6-7 different hotels during those trips. This was by far the worst experience of them all. We arrived, checked in and told the front desk it was our anniversary and mentioned that we were worried about what we had read on Trip Advisor regarding the train and helicopter noise. They put us on the 50th floor away from the train track and they told us that although they do get complaints regarding the noise, it's not that bad and we'd be in the best possible place to avoid the noise. So far so good. We went to our room and were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room. As described by other posts here it was very nice inside and had a kitchen, 2 bathrooms, etc. Two issues with the room was that 1) the safe didn't work and 2) there were 5-10 sticky hand prints on the windows as the windows had obviously not been cleaned. So far, we were still happy. We certainly don't expect perfection, the safe and windows can be fixed / cleaned and overall the room seemed nice. I issue started when we went to bed. The constant stream of helicopter fly bys and trains passing were VERY loud. I am hearing impaired and the train even woke me up at 4am. Now, If you are a person who can get woken up by a train in the middle of the night and go back to sleep, this is not a problem but this is not the case for my wife (and others who post on Trip Advisor). We made our first call to the front desk and we were told that they had a quitter room, but they would have to charge us $40 more a night for it. We asked the front desk how often the train goes by and were told "We don't have a train schedule". We called again much later to see if there was anything else they could do (i.e. move us to a different room) and we were told that it wouldn't help, we had the best possible room for sound. So at this point we've called twice, we've basically be told that there is nothing that can be done. We had a mostly sleepless night and decided to see what our other options were elsewhere. We left the hotel at 6:30am and as described on a lot of the other reviews on this site, the walk to the strip when the mall is closed is dirty, dangerous, and down right crummy. There are no side walks between the hotel and the strip and all the surrounding area is under construction. Once we got to the strip, we checked out a few other locations and got the Palazzo for about the same money we were paying at the Trump. As a side comment - we stayed at the Palazzo and while sitting in our room a helicopter flew by our window and we heard nothing. I'm not an engineer, but my guess is that the Palzzo just bought better sound proof glass. When we checked out from the Trump, the manager said he was sorry and then offered up the upgraded room for free (the one that the previous two people said they had to charge us for). It was pretty annoying that we had to say we were checking out early for them to actually address the issue we had. Very inconsistent messaging. Overall, I think the hotel was ok inside, but I don't understand how The Trump management can expect to run a "5 Star" hotel in that terrible location with all the noise and poor accessibility to the Strip. I read a bunch of reviews on Trip Advisor before I went and I thought "whatever, these complaints about the train noise and locations are just outliers written by complainers", but I was very wrong. When we were checking out another couple asked us why we were leaving for another hotel and we mentioned the train noise. The lady in the couple agreed that she had heard the noise and that it woke her up several times, but being woken up a few times a night was ok them. So I guess it comes down to whether you are a light sleeper or not, but I honestly don't think that this is something you should have to think about when you are paying for a 5 Star hotel in Vegas. There are just too many hotels that do it better for the same price.