This place is so full of deceit. They are so nice when you arrive and sign in. They ask you to sign and initial the sign in sheet. Never do they mention that there's a 15 dollars resort fee for each day you stay. I stayed there for 4 nights and I was charged close to 70 dollars extra after taxes and fees. On the day of the check out they give me a bill with the charges. Such dishonest business technique. The resort is a joke. There is no resort. They have a swimming pool which is not very impressive and I never used it b/c it was almost winter. My friends had similar situations happen where they experienced similar deceitful business tactics handed to them. When they complained at their hotel they were able to get the fees waived or they got free breakfast at their REAL RESORT Hotels. When I called and spoke with the Management of TRUMP RIP OFF hotel they told me that I was to blame b/c I didn't read the fine print. They had the audacity to tell me that it wasn't the hotel staff's fault that they didn't tell me about the fee when I checked in. Who really reads all the fine print when you've flown 6 hours to get to Las Vegas and can't wait to go to the hotel room to take a shower? I would've been happy with a sympathetic "I'm Sorry, SIr for the inconvenience but the charges are mandatory" Instead, I got "You should've read your fine print before you signed anything" Is this how TRUMP operates????? I watch his show Apprentice and I consider it one of my favorite reality shows. I always thought TRUMP has some class and sompassion on TV. But his hotel business tactics but even MORE his management staff that deal with fiscal operations is really crappy' for a lack of better word. Oh, another thing...every few hours you can hear the train blowing it's horn for 5-10 minutes as they pass behind the hotel. You can even hear it at the front desk which is on the opposite side of the train tracks. I really didn't even care about the noise but their explanation of why I should pay the resort fee was the worst service response I've received in 10 years of my traveling in 3-5start hotels. NEVER AGAIN TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!