This was so bad, we checked out early and went to the RitzCarlton Lake Las Vegas. It wasn't about the money; the hotel is totally poor. The rooms themselves are nice so it COULD be a multiple star hotel if they even tried. The "connecting" rooms weren't so my husband and I had to split up and each one of us stay with one of the kids... the rooms were so loud when the train came in the morning I woke up earlier than I do for work, and the Trump Kids was the biggest joke imagineable. There were not slippers. There was no kids attache. After calling the concierge about the Trump Kids which was on the reservation but totally ignored, she finally says the "kids pack" is at the front desk (I guess they don't deliver). It was just a $1 coloring book (yeah it said $1on it in big type) for one kid and NOTHING for the other. Anyone with kids knows THAT won't work. I called and she said "Yeah, well hmmm we don't really have anything suitable for a 10 year old" Super. My daughter will understand, I'm sure. That's not all they don't deliver. We ordered food. It never came. Ever. So I called the front desk after almost an hour and she said I'll check on that for you. She never called back. I never saw food. And the Spa. I don't know how it got in the Best Spa's book. There's nothing there. Every spa I went to on this vacation was better. No jacuzzi no cold plunge, no attendant, wow, nothing. Oh, and checking out, the front desk clerk charged us for an upgrade to strip view, which we didn't get so the clerk gets the manager. He was a total snob! When I was explaining how it wasn't a strip view, that my kids were actually viewing the Exotic Museum on the the back road behind the hotel, and that additionally food never arrived and... he interrupted me and said he wasn't here about that; just the concern we had over the room upgrade. Apparently he didn't actually want feedback. And yeah, on top of the resort fee, they want more money for wifi each day. Incredible. I was so glad to move to the Ritz. It was the most awesome experience of the trip. Granted it is about 17 miles from the strip but if you were staying at the Trump you probably aren't heavy into the gambling scene in the first place. The Ritz is also completely non smoking, the rooms and view are gorgeous, and the rates (at least for this time of the year) were comparable and the place is awesome. Kids Club is extrordinary. Their people treat you like... well... humans and oh, their spa? Awesome.