We started our vacation with a 2 nights stay at Trump. We had never stayed there before and were wondering how it would be compared to other hotels on the strip. Upon check in, we were offered upgrade to a much "better" room for additional $50 per night, which we accepted. When we entered the room, there was a terrible stale odor (we will remember it as THEtrump odor - very specific) - probably nobody had been in the room for a while. The bellman confirmed the problem so I called the front desk to request another room. They moved us to another "better" room which had similar odor (much less, though) and we decided to take it (tired of the flight and wasted too much time). The bathroom was nice, but there were a few things broken there. The "kitchen" did not have anything in it - no utensils, only 2 glasses (I guess they wanted to show some class with this :-)??? - but then why advertise as kitchen?). The next day we went out - by the way, there is *nothing* to do in this hotel, very boring - and spent the day in the normal hotels on the strip. When we came back, we found our room not cleaned even though we left the housekeeping light on! There was a message on the voicemail from housekeeping saying that they did not clean the room because we left do not disturb sign on the door! What a [--]! Are they blind of someyhing? I called the housekeeping and explained the situation - they apologized and said that they were sending someone to clean the room right away. Then we were waiting and waiting and waiting... 50 min. (in the mean time, the kids were tired and wanted to go to bed already). Eventually, after nodoby came, I called housekeeping again. The same stupid [--] picked up the phone and started apologizing, saying that somebody was on the way (obviously lying). We waited to 20 more min. and I called back asking for the manager. I was put on hold for 15 min. and eventually talked to someone who presented herself as "manager of housekeeping". She said she was going to find out what's going on and in the mean time send someone to clean the room. Eventually housekeeping lady came (after 30 more min) and was cleaning the room for ~2 hour!!! (very sloooowwww). Upon check out, after being asked who the stay was, I tried to explain the issues again and this time, I was told by the front desk lady not to worry too much and to enjoy the rest of the day :-) (obviously, they do not want to improve) - what a mess! Btw, On the way back, we stayed at Palazzo for much less where the service and hotel were both perfect.