The bad reviews posted before about this property are true. In fact, my experience was worse. The location is terrible. It's about a five minute walk from the hotel to the Strip, but that's not the worst part. The road leading to the hotel, Fashion Show Drive, only has a sidewalk on one side of the street (the other only has a partial sidewalk) and at night the road is dark with heavy traffic. Good luck crossing! LIke I said before, about a five minute walk each way, but if you leave the hotel twice a day, that's 20 minutes walking to and from this place down that crappy road. It would be a BIG problem for the elderly or someone who had trouble walking. The location keeps you away from noise from the Strip but you'll have to deal with a LOUD train whistle. More on that later. Next is the pool area. It's a complete BORE. Just a rectangular pool, small in size, with no hot tubs. Next is the train noise. It is LOUD and very annoying. I had a room on the 56th floor and it sounded very loud. And here's the best part, it comes very early in the morning. Hoo-boy! Other problems with the place include an improperly installed shower door and a screwed up t.v. menu but the biggest problem was there was no housekeeping for the first night of my stay. That's despite the fact that I had called down to the front desk at 3:00 to tell them that the room hadn't been cleaned. I was assured that someone would be up to clean the room within a short time but when I got back around 11:30, the room still hadn't been cleaned. I called the front desk AGAIN and was put on hold for 10 minutes. I went down to talk to the hotel manager and was told that somehow I was to blame for this incredibly bad lapse in basic hotel care because I may have had the Do Not Disturb light turned on (I did not). After requesting they comp me for a night's stay which was denied, the maid finally came up about 15 minutes late. She then took 20 minutes to noisily clean my room and finished up around 12:45. Does this sound like a five star hotel to you? Me neither. The room was cleaned the next two night but I hardly feel privileged that my room was cleaned like it should. If it was a cheap hotel, I wouldn't be so surprised. But this was supposed to be a luxury property. What a joke. One last goody was a bill for $221 showing up on my account. That was explained as "you shouldn't have seen that". Oh great. Some nice things were the jacuzzi in the bathroom and the t.v. built into the mirror, but the negatives of this overpriced dump far out way the few pluses.