I would strongly recommend all travellers to stay away from this hotel. 1. I'm a solo traveller, paid 40 euro / night for a room that was little bigger then the bed in it, most of the furniture was broken in some respect and both the room and bed were dirty. 2. The television had such bad reception that it wasnt worth turning on, in fact it was more entertaining listening to the loud turkish family in the room next door - who often stayed up till the early hours of the morning. 3. I stayed for 3 days and during this time neither the bathroom towels or the linen on my bed was changed. My bed was only made up on the first day and any rubbish (apart from the empty water bottles) was left in the room. 4. The chap working reception during the day is friendly and appeared to be the only person working there capable of smiling or interested in making sure guests enjoyed their stay. The night staff were completely uninterested and prefered to ignore me. 5. The hotel is undergoing renovations, this meant that the hotel resturant on the roof was closed and there was no room (food) service. Breakfast was held in reception and the quality of food was poor and unappetizing - It was that bad that I decided to skip breakfast and eat my morning meal elsewhere. 6. I asked for a morning 7AM wake up call - this never materialized, thank goodness I had my mobile phone with me and set the alarm. 7. My room came with an extra remote control which had 2 different sized batteries (and no battery cover), I still have no idea what this remote is for. 8. My room also had a very distinct smell of stale cigarette smoke and the bathroom was mouldy and smelt of it. 9. My airport transfer to the hotel cost me 39 euro - I had to phone the hotel upon landing and enquire about my transfer as there was nobody waiting for me!!!!!! It cost me another 20 euro to get back to the airport. 10. I went up to the roof (where the resturant is supposed to be) to take some long exposure photos and well lets just say that I was disappointed by the 'view' and gave up getting any decent shots after about 10 minutes. All in all, its perfectly situated, unfortunately this doesnt make up for all the negative aspects. I won't mention the air conditioning is switched off in the bar / breakfast / reception area in the evening and lets not talk about the rude and uninterested bar 'boy'. This entire location is crammed full of hotels so my adivice is to LOOK FOR ANOTHER HOTEL!!!!!!!