My wife and Stopped at this location after taking a 2 week cruise of the Gulf. After Our return we decided to stay a few days in Flordia as well as a stop in Key west for a few days. As we drove into town we stopped at the Parrot Key Resort as it was right of themain drag and located right next to a shopping center. Upon our arrival we went to the Lobby to check for a room. We were told that there were no hotel rooms but there were Suites and Cottages. The Suites Were 249.00 the Cottages were 350 to 500.00 if they were on the water. We asked about a Suite there was one available My Wife also asked if they has internet access. We were told Yes it is included in the rate. We then said sure we would like to stay. After to given the paper work to sign we were avised that the Daily rate of 307.00 a Night and that this would include a resort fee of 25.00 a day. This covers the Internet and Parking. Well After we were commited to our stay we got our key and made entry to our room. Each suite is devided into a hotel room and a Suite. This has one Common entry and then two doors one for each room an A and B. there is also two door bells located outside each door which rings. After making Entry to the Common door we entered our Suite walked up a very long and Narrow flight of steps then we found no elevator access. thus many of these units are not ADA compliant.. On the first floor you will find a Bedroom, Living room, Bathroom and Two Balconys. as well as two nice HD TV's. There is No Work Space, There is No Micro Wave, there is also a second bedroom up a second flight of steps. During our First night of our stay were were suprised with how quiet things were but after several attempts to access the Web there was No Luck. The Next Morning after Passing the several drunks slepping in the bushes on the property as well as the occiasional panhandler I asked for a refund for the resort fee because the web did not work. My Wife and I spent the day in Key West checking out the sights and having a good time in town. At about 1600 we returned back to our room and found that our room had not been cleaned up I contacted the front desk and was advised that we are a resort not a hotel and thus your room will be cleaned between 1630 and 1730. House keeping finally showed up They Did not Vacuum, They did not make the bed, They Just stacked the new towels on the Toilet, I was also again not able to gain any access to the Internet for the rest of our stay. We also got new set of Guests down stairs they Kept Pushing the door bell mulitple time to get their kids to open the door the problem was they kept pushing our door bell not theirs. This was going on from 1745 to 2400. In addition there Kids kept runnig up and down the stairs, slamming doors, jumping on the bed and overall just making enough noise to keep us awake. We called the front desk to please ask them to stop after we spoke to them. The Front desk did nothing. As they said this is a resort not a hotel. We went to check out I asked for a Refund of the Resort Fee they did reduce our rate by 10 percent for the second day based on the internet. But The service here was terrible, The Lack of response is so not right. In Closing I have had better service at a Motel 6, I would not recommend the Parrot Key Resort for any Reason