My girlfriend and I have stayed in villas in Tuscany and simple fishing lodgings in the Florida Keys, along with a whole host of other places each charming in their own special way. Recently, we received a weeks long stay at the Tres Rios as a gift, and to tell you the truth, we would have probably had a better stay at a Motel Six in South Central LA, I kid you not. It may seem I'm being a bit harsh on Tres Rios, however I must admit there were several high points worth mentioning.The room was simple and clean with comfortable beds. Additionally, the wait-staff here is incredible, all pleasant and helpful, and...and that's it. Here's a small taste of our week at Tres Rios. We arrived at the main lobby and were directed to the front desk, and then asked to take a seat where we would be formally greeted by our own "personal concierge." We sat waiting for 45 minutes until our "personal concierge" presented herself. After formal introductions, she told us about various activities packages available to us as guests. Only there was one little thing to gain access to these activities. That one little thing? Do a forty-five minute breakfast, on them (our trip was all inclusive), with one of their reps to let us know all Hacienda Tres Rios has to offer, then, we free to enjoy nirvanah. Now, neither me nor my girlfriend just fell off the back of a turnip truck. We knew the breakfast was a time-share pitch. So we figured we'll sit down with the rep for breakfast tell him no thanks to the time-share pitch, and we're on our way. Not-a-chance! Four and one half hours and two pitchmen later, we left at our wits end. These guys were relentless. We had to actually walk out. The front desk consierge had all the personality of a chair and seemed to be put out by the smallest request, like making arrangements for transportation to the airport , or printing out a boarding pass, to name a few. The activities desk was another area of excellence. If they didn't offer the activity, then they didn't go out of their way to point us in a direction to find it on our own. The ecopark, basically two small streams and a mudhole that's suppose to be a beach. I've seen cleaner back-washes, no exageration. The main beach itself was horrid. If you don't own a timeshare then the shuttle is not available to you, which means a $40.00 USD minimum roundtrip cab ride to the closest town. The food was mediocre at best. Though I must say the local critters begging for food at your table was entertaining. Do yourself a favor, avoid this place like the plague!!!