this has to be the worst place that I have stayed, ever. I arrived with my family August 30th and stayed until September 6th. Upon checking in we were greeted by Marvin who is part of the concierge. All smiles at first. He explained all the "activities" at the resort and told us about all the restaurants on site and gave us the schedule. He then scheduled out Hacienda Tres Rios presentation where we would be informed of all our timeshare benefits. We already own through RCI so I wasn't interested in going but he insisted so we scheduled it. THE ONLY GOO THING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS THE STAFF. Jesus, the bar tender in the sports bar was GREAT and super funny! The pool staff is Amazing, especially Marvilla and Silverio. Marvin told us that there was transportation to their sister hotel Fishermans through out the day but everytime we asked for it, they would say it was booked. When we would pay for our own cab to get there, we were the only ones there. So, who booked the transportation? Also, we paid for the MEXICAN FIESTA on Thursday night and the pick up time was at 5:30pm in the lobby. We waited until 5:50 until my brother decided to ask where the transportation was and we were told the Mexican Fiesta was cancelled. They were very unapologetic for not letting us know in advance and then they said they could not reimburse us but we could get our money applied towards spa services. When we ate at the Mexican restaurant, the food made my brother and husband sick. We cancelled our timeshare presentation because we got food poisoning and Marvin threw a fit. I told him we would reschedule for monday. We still were feeling ill so I offered to come alone to the presentation and Marvin quickly gave me attitude. He said my husband NEEDED to be there and that I could not come alone. I told him that I was going to get a massage and then we can discuss rescheduling and he said" you can forget about the spa services, if you don't go to the presentation." I thought my spa services were for the Mexican FIesta? Well he made it clear to the spa that my services were not to be comped. Also, when I requested transportation to fishermans he told me that they were booked and then hung up on me. I can not believe that they have an individual such as this working with the guests. He was great and all smiles until we cancelled the timeshare presentation and then made our stay a living hell. I wanted to leave early. Not to mention the "beach" is smelly and dark and dirty. Which is why we went to fishermans everyday. Lastly, we made our reservation to stay in the Sunset Lagoon but they told us 3 days before we left that we were going to be moved to Tres Rios. Usually remodeling is scheduled months in advance and not last minute. I am upset that they told us this info only 3 days before we left and that they have no concept of what customer service is. I will never stay here again and I will make it my job to tell everyone NOT to stay at this resort. All that aside, the weight staff was amazing and the website lies, the tips to the waiters are not included with your stay. WHATEVER YOU DO----DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!