Let me start with saying were still staying at the hotel as I write this review. We've been in the Riviera Maya for a couple of weeks now, our last week here. We've been coming to this area for years. Our first introduction to this hotel was through a timeshare we attended. We, as some stated otherwise in their reviews, we did not find the timeshare to be too pressured... and we've been to a few...but it was not 90 min as stated, about 5hrs. I'll break the resort down with the positive first then move on to the negatives. Hotel overall appearance: Clean & Neat Rooms: Spacious rooms and comfortable soft beds. Beach Beds: Lots available and comfortable. Pizza Oven: Good Pizza Sorry that's about it.... Activities: Little to none....very quiet..great if you like to go to bed at 8:00pm. Service: Has been very, very dissapointing...lack of, as other reviews state...feels like your on your own for everything...were not high maintenance by any means but we've been to probably 50 resorts over the years in the Riviera Maya and this by far the worst for service base...sorry but true...if you like to be pampered or even thought of it won't happen here, has an isolated, no one around feeling... Staff Friendliness: Some staff say hi others pass you and clearly don't want to talk, period....no problem...but it does leave you with thinking about the negatives of this resort....."don't ask me" feeling...so sad really... Food: By far the worst even out of the 3 stars we've visited...no variety, very poor setup for buffet service. Management better step up if this hotel is to survive it's critics and listen to what the reviews are telling you...the food is terrible...what little you have is wierd stuff...keep it simple and variety..this might make up for the lack of beach that clearly everyone is in agreeance on... All Inclusive: Well like other reviews, outrageous all inclusive price...they need to re-adjust this due to the terrible food offered....makes sense....again they need something to make up for that lack of beach...you'd think they'd compensate for this by offering something reasonable so you wouldn't really care to nit pick so much...but when all the negatives add up, it's not good, period... Beach: The sand is fine, the water is horrible...my niece got a rash and she just quickly went in and out, bad smell...ya, ya there's not much you can do with nature but you know what there is something your resort should offer to make up for it, lower your all inclusive plan and bring in better food, then maybe people can overlook the fact that you cant swim at your resort, no one swam in the ocean here, we've been here 6 dys...we haven't thats for sure... Small touches: Not that this is critical so much, but in every resort we've ever stayed in our little daughter loves the towel surprises the maids do when we come back to the room...every day she looked and hoped for some little made up surprise etc...nothing not 1 day...it's the small touches that this hotel lacks.... Overall we have been let down....again were not hard to please and go out of our way to find the positives...but really they're overpriced, the swamp part of the water sucks..Food is not that great and they lack organization all over...I think this is an outlet for timeshares and that's about it...Please get it together and save your resort....listen to your reviews instead of masking your return remarks...you need to compensate for what it lacks...this could be, even with the black water, a great resort.....GET ORGANIZED!