First a little background on this trip. We were given a week at a timeshare as a gift from a friend. We added a few extra days and tried out the cabana on the beach approach in Tulum (Hotel Nueva Vida). We LOVED the beach cabana. By comparison going from cabana to the Tres Rios was like checking into a hospital. Don't get me wrong the place is clean and the grounds are beautiful well kept and certainly very new. However, it felt sterile and very much like an institution, not my idea of a vacation resort. Because we were a guest of a timeshare owner we were "marked." As soon as we arrived we were "captives." Herded into a room and forced to wait and go thru three different people who overloaded us with information and wanted decisions. The main one, of course, being when wanted to schedule our personal tour and timeshare pitch! We wanted none of that. Made that clear. But they don't want to hear that of course. The biggest "gottcha" is that you can stay at this place without the all inclusive plan, which is what we booked. We had a car and planned to spend a bit of time in Playa and figured there was no way would would consume $150 a day per person in food--which is what it would cost to upgrade to the AI plan. We did think we would buy a few meals on site... ah... but here is the "gottcha" --the buffet prices: breakfast $30, lunch $40, dinner $50 per person. You gotta be kidding! Oh you could order during the day at the snack bars for like $15 for a hamburger, one of the cheapest things on the menu. (The eyes of the person checking us in actually registered disappointment when we informed her we had a rental car... without that you really would not have much choice!) One of the reasons we like to vacation in this area is because of the beautiful beaches and oceans... forget that at Tres Rios. This is a resort built on what is basically a swamp. Yes it is a pretty area, and yes there are lovely things to see and do here. But you are in the Caribbean, if I want swamp I will vacation in the Everglades! The ocean is not really swimmable, has lots of brown stuff floating in it. Since rivers converge here, there is a distinctive odor that I associate with stagnate water. Yuck The rooms were nice enough, free wireless, nice amenities. After the cabana on the beach we traded for a swamp view room at the Tres Rios. :( The saving grace was that they have some sister resorts where you have privileges--one of those is The Sunset Fisherman in Playa Del Carmen. We went there as soon as we could escape from the check-in hell. We loved the Sunset and immediately began to investigate the possibility of moving to this resort. We checked into the Tres Rios on Saturday and were told we could not be moved until Monday, and then only if there was space available. So we spent the days at the Sunset, and only slept at the Tres Rios. Monday we were told we could switch... but only if we did the Timeshare presentation... so we sighed heavily and endured the two hour ordeal. We moved to the Sunset and enjoyed that property immensely. Bottom line, if you offered me a free vacation at Tres Rios I would run the other direction as fast as I could...