My Aunt and Uncle stayed in this place a few weeks ago when they were visiting from Australia. They had booked this place mainly as they were struggling with their last minute visit. I had arranged to call them on the morning of their first stay at the hotel, I located the hotels website and the number that was offered as their contact line was an discontinued number. Being a little surprised by this I tried to get the number from Yell but given the generic name of the hotel they drew a blank. I then turned to your site hoping you may have contact details, I have never seen such bad reviews for a place. I was quite concerned and worried at this point about my elderly relatives, so set off to get there as soon as I could. I did manage to get in touch with the hotel reception via directory services so I felt slightly better, although the receptionist told me they had no phone in the room they would pass on a message. When I got to the hotel it looked like the entrance to a mini cab office. I even walked past not believing that this could be the correct place. I went in and spoke to the receptionist, to his credit he was very helpful. The place stank of damp and mould and general horribleness, he called across to the other building where my relatives had been put. I had to wait outside as the smell was making me feel so nauseous. They managed to get a message to my Uncle and I went across the road to meet him. I was slightly relived for them when I entered the place they were staying as they had seemingly escaped the smell. The place was totally run down with undecorated plasterboard and looked like a squat, their room was no different and very damp smelling. I have signed up and resisted to trip advisor as I have just had an email from my Aunt telling me that they were assaulted by bedbugs that night and are totally covered in bites and have only just stopped itching after a week. They have had to travel all the way back to Australia with bites on their faces and all over them. I am unbelievably disgusted that my retired relatives had to face this ordeal for coming to visit me in London for two nights.