From the looks of the lobby, this is a lovely hotel in a great location, but I can't say any more about it because despite the fact that we booked our room two months in advance and PAID for it two months in advance, when we arrived we were told that they were overbooked and that they were putting us in another hotel. The only explanation was some convoluted story about their computer system going down, though it was working when we arrived and they had a manual printout of our pre-paid reservation (as did we). They pretended not to be able to speak English as soon as I expressed dismay, though I then heard them speaking good English on the phone a few minutes later. We switched to French and I had to spend a great deal of time and energy getting them to put us up in a decent hotel nearby and refund us the difference in cost between the two hotels. I still doubt we got the real difference in cost because they refunded us the difference between what we paid them and what the other hotel cost on the Internet, and I'm sure that they got a discount on the room, but they would not reveal what they had paid, claiming they did not know what the room was costing them. At first they wanted to put us in hotel Ripa which is rated about 300 places lower than Camilla Savelli on Tripadvisor. When I said I refused to go to another hotel until we could use their computer and read about it on Tripadvisor, they shifted to saying "oh no, we aren't putting you in Ripa, we're putting you in Trilussa Palace." We looked that up to find the rating (about 20 places beneath Savelli) and check the prices. The location is not nearly as nice as Savelli; it's on the main drag and quite far from the part of Trastevere where all the restaurants are. The manager apologized profusely and drove us to the hotel herself, but we are terribly disappointed that we are not staying in the special place we researched and booked in advance, and for no apparent reason. It also seems quite dishonest to be told on arrival that no room is available when we paid for it months ago and plenty of other guests were able to stay in the hotel. I'm not sure why this happened to us and not other guests; we arrived on the late side *6 pm* and are two women traveling together; or maybe there really was a computer glitch. Bottom line: don't pay in advance and email the day before to make sure they still have your room.