I can genuinely say this was the worst hotel I have stayed at in my life. The two man lift is just a death trap that kept stoping between floors, the doors had to be closed by hand. Not the old quaint relec type, but a modern lift that looked like it was made in Russia. We came to Philadelphia to see U2 at the Lincoln financial field on July 14th 2011. We paid $280 for two rooms for us and two friends to stay in after the concert and checked in at 4pm to find the rooms basic, no toilets or plumbing at all in the room, We had to go along the corridor to use a separate bathroom. As this was a big stadium and a sell out show, this hotel was full and most others in the area so we had no choice but to stay here, so we left in a hurry to get to the gig. On returning at about 11.30pm went to our rooms and did the usual bed check around the edge seam only to find hundreds of little bed bugs all around the edge of the mattress. To be fair, they were all dead so I am assuming the rooms have been fumigated in the past. However it is unacceptable to not have vacuumed the rooms and mattress to remove these. Just disgusting. We called reception to complain, but were told they were sold out so could not move us. We had no choice but to use towels to sleep on for the night. Our room and our friends rooms both had this problem. I removed about a dozen of the bugs with tweezers and put them in some tissue in the morning and took them down to reception and was asked to leave them for the manager to deal with. He would not be back until around noon so we were asked to come back. On our return the man who ownes the hotel was very hostile and asked why we had been poking around the mattress and had we brought these bugs to get the room cheaper. He was basically just a vile and nasty man and it was clear from his aggressive attitude he was used to telling his customers to get lost. The only positive on this miserable nights stay was the multi story car park was just across the road and was $10 per night. We parked on the top floor and could see the hotel up close from the outside and this confirmed the hotel was in serious disrepair. The roof was full of holes with pigeons living in the gaps where the wooden frontage has rotted away. They had left serious mess all down the front of the upper floors were we had been put. All in all, I would advice you to stay anywhere but here. Never again even if it was free.