I had looked all over the internet to see if I could find inorrmation on this hotel before I booked my rooms. I found a Frommers website that said this place had been remodeled 2 years ago and had larger than normal rooms. We saw 4 rooms in a 4 day stay. One room had a lock that would only lock if the door was yanked up. We did find lots of dust behind the beds when we pulled them out to plug something in. And they hardly had any plugs that looked safe to use. The head board fell off of the wall it was screwed onto one night. Another antiquated bed fell apart when we pulled it out to plug something in and they also had it up on a 2 X 4 on one side. They had mismatched railings on the narrow stairs that only 1 person could walk up at a time. Of all of the beds we saw, 2 were very saggy. Two beds appeared to be new pillow top mattresses and were good. We had to leave one room at 12:30 A.M. when we realized it would be too hot to sleep in there while the rest of the floor was cool. They control the air down at the desk and the first time we asked for it to be cooler they appeared to turn it up for a few minutes. So, we ended up switching rooms at about 1 A.M. because they would not turn it up enough to allow us to be cool. All of the furniture in all 4 rooms was mismatched and did look like garage sale finds. Any remodeling did look like a doofus did the work. I did see several things that made me wonder how they passed a building inspection. The only thing that I thought looked high quality were the draperies. They must have been new. I also noticed on the 3rd floor that one of the bay windows appeared to be broken out and they had a big sheet over half of the window. That looked really nasty from the street. I also noticed what appeared to be holes in spots on the floor that were covered up by the carpet. It's too bad about this place. I'd rather see someone fix up an old place like this one room at a time. But it would only be worth it if they took the time and money to do it right. I've stayed in old hotels before and they were fun, like a step into the past. But, unfortunately this place was run by a bunch of men who thought that their low standards should suffice.