I should have known better after reading the review that called this "an embarrassment to Penn", but I decided to stay at Penn Tower in March, 2003 because I really wanted to be close to HUP, and figured that something owned by such a fine University could not be so bad. But it absolutely was.The room was in terribly shabby condition. The bed was disgusting in that the cheap yellow "blanket" made out of the velour packaging material was filled with holes and was "crunchy" over large places as if sticky liquids had been poured on and dried over several years.The celings and walls had terrible dark water-damage stains and discolorations.The television, in an attempt to save money, has its feed piped in directly from the hospital. So, while you get a few basic cable channels, you are mainly watching Penn Hospital channels, with content created for its patients. One of the few channels was (I kid you not!) the blue display screen from somoeone's computer that read an error message "Read error on Drive D:" 24 hours a day. You can forget about premium channels or in-room movies.The bathroom is indeed extremely run-down with cracks in the sink, and cracks and discolorations in the tub.Another annoyance is that there are no rooms with queen beds. All have two double beds.In terms of services, there are none. There are only 87 rooms, and they don't offer any room service or have any food available within the hotel building. The drink vending machines on my floor was completely sold out, and when I went all the way down the lobby to use the main vending machine, it was completely sold out too.Overall, the experience at the Penn Tower Hotel is the same as what you'd get at an extremely budget motel that disappointed you. But, the Penn Tower does not charge budget prices, and is usually in at least the $150 range, which is about 5 times more than this hotel is worth. If you would like to be near HUP, the Inn at Penn (a 3 block walk) or the Sheraton University City (about a 6-7 block walk) are much much better bets. I booked through a pre-paid site and paid $453 for my 3 nights there, so I was unable to back out once I saw the condition of the room, but please save yourself the generally grimy experience of staying here.