We stayed here because for some reason everything else in the area was completely sold out. I booked two rooms for my family and friends. We checked in to find one of the rooms (on the 4th floor - they did not look renovated; another reviewer said there was a renovation going on) to find it horribly dirty with cigarette ashes, burned matches and food debris all over; the refrigerator was filthy. We were told there were no other rooms available and that someone would clean it. It didn't help much but we agreed to stay there since we had no choice. The hallways were horribly dirty and the carpets were stained. The bedding had holes and cigarette burns in it. One of the beds didn't have a dust ruffle on it and the box spring was disgustingly grungy. The carpets in the rooms were stained and gross. The windows either did not open or were broken on their tracks. We opened one and had to use a book to prop it open. There were very minimal dishes and utensils (dirty anyway) and no dish soap, no dishwasher. The bathroom was very tiny and run down. But, everything in the area was sold out so we went to our event. We returned late at night (there is no one at the desk from 11 pm till 6 am) and within a few minutes my friend saw 2 cockroaches crawling on the dresser near her items! ewww. We totally freaked out (well, one person didn't) and decided we couldn't stay ... we tried calling around but no one had a room! We finally found a room a few miles away at a Quality Inn which by now looked like the Taj Mahal to us. We had to drag children out late at night in order to switch hotels. I have traveled extensively and on a very low budget when I was younger and I have never been in a *chain* hotel that was this bad...it is hard to believe it is part of a chain, really. I did get our money refunded with ease by calling the property the next day , but really, just stay away no matter what. We paid $105 or so a night, by the way. I never expected the level of creepy crawly horror that I experienced at this place!! Stay Away!!