Just spent 4 nights at the Angsana in Dubai on business and whilst I travel internationally for business on a regular basis, this hotel has to be very very near to the bottom of the list of all time bad hotels. Sure its brand new and is clean and smells fresh, however thats about where the good points end. The furnishings and fittings in the room whilst modern, are very ikea like, with hard uncomfortable lounges and cheap lino floors (which I believe expand and contract making loud noises during the night). The hotel is very difficult to get to (you need to keep doubling back through construction sites until you get to the hotel entrance). In the Dubai traffic it takes a very long time to arrive (as you can't access it directly from Sheik Zayed Road even though thats where it is located. On check in, there were almost a dozen reception staff hanging around the front desk, but even this multitude of staff couldn't seem to manage the check out of 2 guests and my check in. I kept being asked to sit down whilst waiting for service (so after the 4th offer from as many reception staff, I finally agreed). The lift to take me to my room took about 8 minutes to arrive (which I found out later was a good period in the scheme of things - they usually take much longer). My bag took 45 minutes to find its way to my room, it was only due to the ordeal of having struggled to make it there and check in ordeal that I didn't have the energy to phone and complain. In the morning, the lift took 15 minutes (some of them I could see where either resting on floors or stuck) others kept zooming up and down past me but none seeming to want to stop at my floor (which was only half way up the building - I perish the thought of staying anywhere near the top!) On return to my room one day, it hadn't been cleaned at all and my key wouldn't work. So after waiting for a long time for a lift to go up, then down again I was told by the reception staff that I should wait until the key registers. I explained that I know when a key does and doesn't work and this one doesn't work as the light flashed red instead of green. I then took the 15 minute wait for a ride elevator back up to my room. All in all, don't stay here unless you like staying in the middle of a construction zone, in a place that takes you way too long to get to, with inefficient facilities and inefficient staff. Very dissapointing.