I really would not recommend you stay here. Yes, it's convenient for the staion but that is about the only positive I can think of. I arrived and tried to use the automated check in machines ... didn't work. Lady on reception just laughed and said they never work. She told me "we have a problem with our heating" ... yeah a quite major problem it turns out - No heating at all. Quite the understatement. Not fully understanding the state of affairs I took up her offer of an extra duvet, rather than being moved to Kings Cross as I was nervous of being in a different part of London than planned. So off I went to my room having been told the extra duvet was on its way. On the way to the room I passed an apparently kicked in portion of plaster board which made me wonder about the place. The room when entered, was ICY cold - not just a little chilly. There was wind coming in from the window despite it being apparently closed. I wish I'd had a thermometer with me, but it seriously felt as cold in the room as it had outside - bear in mind this is in the middle of this really cold spell in the UK (December 6th 2010). I attempted a bit of the old British spirit of coping and laughing in the face of discomfort, and wrapped myself in the duvet, contemplating what to do. I thought perhaps I could cope when the other duvet arrived. But no, after 20 minutes I went to reception to ask about the duvet - I was told it will be there in a minute ... another 30 minutes ... where is my duvet? This time they said he's upstairs he'll be down in a minute ... and when I said but didn't you say that 1/2 an hour ago they protested "really, he'll be there now". Yet another 30 minutes and finally what happens? Someone barges into my room ... looks shocked and apologises. He'd been told (only just if you believe him and not reception) to come and TAKE the duvet from my room to give it to a guest in a DIFFERENT room!! At this point, I got rather cross (to put it mildly), packed up what little I had unpacked in the igloo-like room, and stomped off to reception. I can think of one more positive thing about this hotel apart from the location and that is that I didn't have to argue much before they called me a taxi to Kings Cross Travelodge. By now it was midnight. So off I went with a rather surly taxi driver (not black cab) to Kings Cross. Kings Cross Travelodge is not perfect by any means (broken lights, grubby etc) but it had warmth and a bed, so thank goodness for that. They also provided a taxi back to the Euston hotel so I could get my bearings ... but that was only because I demanded it. To summarise, I would DEFINITELY not recommend anyone stay in the Euston Travelodge - they have no heating, don't warn you before you travel and don't properly explain the situation. The hotel is freezing and grubby and not well cared for. This totally spoilt my trip to London. Please avoid this hotel, and avoid my mistake of thinking a chain of budget hotels might not be luxurious but at least they'd have warm beds. In fact, I would recommend avoiding Travelodge completely.