I am now sick of the Hotels I will never stay in another one. We stayed in this so called helpful Travel Lodge for four nights this month (Sep) and I was sick of hearing the staff say sorry about that Travel Lodge, just like any other Hotel, is interested in one thing, and one thing only, profit no matter what. I thought you could not get blood out of a stone, but I am sure Travel Lodge knows how. The stay We arrived about one hour before the booking in time. We were told if we book in early we would have to pay an extra 10. At first I said no way I said we will sit here till the booking time of 3pm. Then I realised there was no seating or waiting area, and we could not walk round as we have luggage, so we had to pay the extra 10, this was charged even though the room was ready. That was the start. Day Two We went down for the continental breakfast that was 5.25 each. We paid then looked at what we could choose. There was empty baskets one basket with left over fruit and brown bread and serials. I asked what should be in the empty baskets and was told that chioce had all gone, I asked then for white bread, again I was told it had all gone. I then asked why I was left with left overs and not the same choice as everyone else, I was told because others have had too much. I then asked why they took my money knowing there was nothing left they said "sorry about that" and I asked for my money back. I was then told they can not give refunds in cash only on a card. When I said I have just paid in cash I was told it does not make any difference. "Sorry about that" Day three; We got back from a day out to find our clean towels, or should have been, we opened one out to find a great big brown stain, I will leave that to your own imagination. We herd that saying again sorry about that The last night. We were in bed when we herd someone trying to get in to the room, I shouted what do you want ten minutes after the same thing, so I got out of bed opened the door to find no one around. I got back in bed and ten minutes someone tried to get in again. This time I jumped out of bed and opened the door and found two of the staff trying to get in with a key card. When I asked what was the reason I was told according to their system we should have checked out and the room should be vacant, then again came sorry about that On our departure we handed in the key card and was asked if all was well so we explained and guess what we were told? Sorry about that Even the room we stayed in was hell. The noise was out of this world, the worst you could imagine. The blind would not cover the window to stop people looking in. When the blind was down people could see through the gap straight in to your bed. The toilet seat was loose. I was going to complain, but I just could not risk being told again Sorry about that So in my opinion when you stay at this lodge you do so at your own risk. I have compared this lodge with a homeless person and the aggravation they get. A homeless person could have dirty towels, just like the lodge. A homeless person tries to sleep in the street with lots of noise, just like the lodge. A homeless person will eat scraps for breakfast, just like the lodge. A homeless person will be expected to move on, just like the lodge. The only difference is that the homeless person got for free what we paid a lot of money for. People who say they had a satisfactory stay here are either satisfied with anything or were very, very lucky. If the owners of the Travel Lodge are reading this and do not like it, there is just one thing I can say Sorry about that