Not-so-long ago, this awful hotel was branded a Radission. I am not privvy to when/how/why it became a Hilton branded hotel, but I genuinely believe this was a mistake on Hilton's part. This is by far the most disgusting hilton property I have ever stayed in, and is honestly probably the second worst hotel I have ever visited in my adult life. I was in the hotel for 3 days during an admittedly busy boat show; but you would have never known by the pace or attitude of hotel staff. I have never in my life seen such generally lackluster service throughout a hotel. The desk staff were generally courteous, but simultaneously disinterested and unpleasant. The concierge was one of the more helpful employees, along with one of the bellhops I encountered. That all being said, the rest of the hotel staff and premises are a disaster. Allegedly some renovations were done in the not so distant past, but you would never know except for the random granite counter tops and thresholds. The bathtubs are all old and appear to have been painted; which is peeling. There was an abundance of mildew in the first (bath)room I stayed in - so much so that i had to change rooms. Both rooms were absolutely disgusting. You can see dust CAKED into all switches, fixtures, etc. There is also generally a lingering "goo" on clocks, table tops, etc. Apparently none of the housekeeping staff's vacuums work, because I have never seen such a disgusting amount of hair accumulated in corners, on tile floors, in carpets; and unfortunately on "clean" bedding. This is the kind of hotel that should include a full body condom at check in for your safety - really. Along with a filter in which you can breathe and not inhale pure mold/mildew and dust(mite) remnants. If you want a brilliant show, wait until its sunndy outside and open your curtains. You can see dust floating and reflecting off the sun light for hours to come. If you have the misfortune of valeting your car, prepare yourself for the worst and most unprofessional experience ever. We had to depart/return approximately ten times and never waited less than 10 minutes for the vehicle. You can actually observe as the valets slowly stride around without a care in the world and as if no one, includin them, has anywhere to be. Of course the valet is a third party from the hotel, but i believe the hotel should take responsibility for the valet's behavior on their property. Needless to say, the valet refused to surrender my car during departure and treated me like a thief by saying my valet bill had not been paid, even though we had a paper bill printed moments before showing it was. No apologies were offered, simply rude looks and snide remarks. The only plus this hotel has for it is location - the epitome of downtown Miami. I would still suggest you stay somewhere else, though.