Just to give you a background, i have been a Diamond VIP member with Hilton Honors program for the past 4-5 years. I was very very loyal with Hilton Hotels, and quite frankly 4-5 years ago the the Hilton Honors program was much better, but anyways, thats beside the point. The reason i said that was that the stay i had at this Hilton Hotel in Downtown Miami SINGLE HANDEDLY made me QUIT my Hilton Honors program. i was SOO upset, that i was like fc&* it, i called Marriott and already have 9 night stays with them in the past 3 weeks. So i arrive at this hotel at around 11:30 am, i ask if there is any rooms free, and there was this employee at the Front Desk ( I'm pretty sure his name was Fernando, and he was a short latin male). I asked him if my room was ready, he said that the room was not ready and that i would have to wait. I asked how long, he said he doesnt know. I mentioned to him that im a Diamond VIP member and if they have any other rooms free, i dont mind going into a room other than the one i requested. He said he had to go talk to the manager...5 mins go by, he comes back with a cheesy grin on his face saying " wow sir my manager said they are able to give you a very nice room, but its not ready yet".. its hard to explain, but the way that he said it was just like a sleazy used car salesman trying to sell you a lemon car... Its like he was talking to a little kid.. He took my credit card and wrote down my info to call me as soon as my room is ready, and asked me to sit in the lobby. First of all, its rude to tell your customers what to do, second of all, I SHOULDNT BE THE ONE ASKING HIM TO ( AS A DIAMOND VIP) GIVE ME A BLANK KEY CARD SO I CAN ACCESS THE EXECUTIVE LOUNGE ! He should be giving me access to the lounge so i can sit there while my room gets ready. Anyways, i asked for the blank key so i can access the lounge, i got a diet soda from the lounge and decided to grab lunch. I come back at 1:45, i ask the same guy if my room is ready, he said no ( again with a sleazy grin). I go to the lounge, get some work done, around 4:00pm i was like screw it, I already called the Conrad hotel they had room available, so i decided to go downstairs and ask one more time if my room was ready. I go downstairs, ask a different front desk staff if my room is ready, and i see the same guy ( Fernando i think) sprint from the other side of the desk and telling this staff he'll take care of it. He looks at the screen, types some stuff, and says " oh wow sire the room just opened up, its a magnificent room, my managers must have done something right now in the back, they gave you a beautiful room"... i swear its hard to describe, but he sounded SOOO sleazy, describing how magnificent this room that they were giving me was, and making it sound all my stars were aligned in order for me to get this room... i go to the room, and guess what, just a normal king size bedroom like i had requested. I was fu*&ing furious, I really couldnt care less about the room, he couldve just easily said " sir i apologize but no upgrded rooms are available and we will just give you the king bed as you requested" and i wouldve been fine, but to think im stupid and try to sell it like the entire staff was going ABOVE AND BEYOND, but really, its was just the front desk staff acting sleazy and thinking i was stupid and didnt know that this was the normal room they wouldve given me anyways. And next morning i wake up, kinda running late trying to brew some coffee in my room, there were 5 coffee packs in my room and i swear ALL FIVE WERE DECAF ! i mean like WTF, dont they go through a checklist for every room? make sure 2 packs of reg coffee, 2 packs of decaf .... Its just so unprofessional. I called the front desk at 6:05 to send 2 packs of coffee up to my room, at 6:35 i called them to say forget it, if after 30 mins they cant send 2 packs of coffee to my room, then im over it... Seriously, this hoteel, and the Front Desk staff at this hotel ( specifically that guy Fernando) single handedly made me say goodbye to Hilton forever ( not forever, i have like 600,000 points which i'll use for vacations), but i will never ever PAY to stay at a Hilton ever again in my life.