I recently stayed at the Hilton Miami Downtown. This was a horrible decision on my behalf. When I booked this hotel, I was told that it was close to everything, and it was in a great area. That was all a lie. I chose the Hilton because of the economical price offered at the time of reservation. Unfortunately this was a situation in which you pay for what you get. The hotel room was clean. That was about the only thing the hotel had going for it. The service was horrible. When I booked the hotel, I requested Bay View, two rooms that were connected and early check in. When I got to the hotel before check in. I was told that they were overstaffed and my room wasn't ready. They informed me that they could get me a room that wasn't bay view if I wanted to check into that one earlier. I really didn't want to do that because I had paid for a bay view room. So I waited and went and got something to eat to kill time. When I returned my room was ready about 30 minutes before 4:00. I had more than one room so I wanted them to connect or at least be on the same floor. We ended up getting two rooms on two different floors, and neither were bay view. The shower in my room which was room number 1025 kept cutting on and off. The water would come in and go out. The water pressure was very weak. The incidental fee is ridiculous, the fee is $50 per day per room. Yet, I only paid $50 for my whole stay per room due to the lack of not getting a bay view room. The beach isn't that far away from the hotel but if you have to take a taxi it WILL COST. I spent $100 alone in cab fees just going less than ten miles away back and forth. On the last day I was packing up my things to leave, and I noticed that my clothes were missing. I had went shopping at Aventura Mall and left my clothes in the room because I thought surely they would be safe there....Later I discovered that my clothes, had been stolen. It was a $200 loss for me. I did call security and they did come to my room to check everything out but all the bad memories of this hotel will never be forgotten. PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE.