DONT STAY HERE IF YOU ARE A HARD WORKING PERSON TRYING TO HAVE A GOOD TIME!!!!! THEY RUINED MY WEEKEND AS WELL AS POSSIBLY MY CREDIT! First off, the hotel itself is really nice for the price. I decided to surprise my girlfriend for our 3 year anniversary and take her to Chicago. I booked Springhill suites a week before and after reading all the reviews, i was so excited to get there! I requested an early check in time(which we got A+ there) and also a high floor room. Upon check in, we were told that the highest floor they had was the 5th floor. Keep in mind that i upgraded to the Corner Suite. I figured being in the fall, they tried filling up the first floors first. after we got settled in, we found new friends in the elevator and said that they also booked a week before and got a corner suite on the 18TH FLOOR! I don't know if it was because me and my girlfriend were only 21 and the hotel thought they could put us anywhere just because we were young or what. Also keep in mind that i am a full time college student working 30-35 hours a week just to support my girlfriend and i. Later that night i checked my bank account and THEY CHARGED ME $120 MORE THAN WHAT THEY SAID THERE WERE GOING TO WITHOUT ACKNOWLEDGING IT! i complained at the front desk and they said they took extra out because that if i charged anything to the room, then it would taken out of the extra charge amount and that they would credit my card a couple days after i checked out. I have never heard of this from others hotels. This is where i really lost respect for this hotel. I have a student loan i pay monthly and being that they took the extra $120 out, i spent the weekend calling friends and family seeing if they could loan me the money until Marriot credits my account back. I will never again stay at this hotel or any other hotel owned by marriot because of what they have done to me. I would rather spend my hard earned money in a dump hotel rather than give them the right to try to ruin my young life. If i would have know about this before, i would have chosen somewhere else. PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSEL AND STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!