Unfortunately I did not get a chance to stay at this hotel. The story goes as follows: Me and my girlfriend booked a four nights stay in the beginning of April this year via hotels.com. I even made arrangements via email personally, and everything seemed fine. Until the morning after the cancelation deadline set by Hotels.com: At 7.41am (the deadline was midnight, 7,41 hours before the mail was sent) The hotel sent me an email stating that because of maintenance work taking place, they did not have a room for us, but no problem, they would like to offer us a room at their sister hotel. The trouble was that the sister hotel was in a different part of town, a part that we did not like to stay in. I politely declined the offer and canceled our booking directly with Pantheon Inn via email. Since it was less than 48 hours before our flight to Rome, I promptly booked another hotel of my own, naturally thinking that Pantheon Inn would accept my cancellation. Not so. They fairly quickly rang me and said they had a room after all! I had to tell them that I had canceled via email and that we had to book another hotel, without the possibility to cancel the new reservation. They then said I had to cancel via Hotels.com, something that was anything but straight forward, as we were past the cancellation deadline. Finally I got a cancellation confirmation from Hotels.com, but as this confirmation was not in place until the day before our arrival at Pantheon Inn, the Pantheon Inn chose to fully charge my credit card for the whole stay! I clearly did not accept this and expressed this clearly to the hotel directly via email, and also to Hotels.com, which I must say has been exceptional in their service trying to get Pantheon Inn to listen to reason. Not so, after a month of pestering Hotels.com, and in their turn Venere.com, all that Pantheon Inn could offer was a free 3 day stay at a later opportunity. Trouble is that we will never stay at this hotel, even for "free"! We have fortunatly found our hotel in Rome. It's close by and called the "Albergo del Sole Al Pantheon". An excellent, but slightly pricy, hotel right beside the Pantheon. The holiday turned out to be excellent, despite the crooks at Pantheon Inn.