I travel every week for business and stay at Holiday Inns almost exclusively. While checking in at this hotel, the two clerks on duty decided to have an arguement over room assignments while also trying to activate my room keys. Unfortunately for me, the keys were not properly activated and after arriving at my 7th floor room, via two seperate elevators, I had to go all the way back down again for them to activate the keys properly. Our room temp was set at 76 degress so we immediately turned on the A/C and set it to 70. When we retruned 3 hours later the room was still 74 degrees. The room never di cool off properly using the A/C. We tried to open a window but thye had been locked shut. We also then discovered our remote control was missing eyd when we had a new one brought up the person informed us that housekepign had been looking for a remote for this room but apparently never placed one in the room. After getting the TV situation squared away I went to the business center to check in for my flight. No printer was present in the business center so down to the front desk I went yet again. It's never a good sign at a hotel when you need to interact with the front desk on multiple occasions. I was able to use the front desk computer and was told that management was "working" on getting a new printer. Apparently $150 and a quick visit to Officemax is beyond their capability here. I asked for a manager on duty but there was none and the owner of the hotel doesn't come in until 9am when I'll be long gone. I've stayed at hotels like this in the past and most of the time the poor service can be directly traced back to poor management/ownership. You can't pick who owns and manages a hotel, Holiday Inn is supposed to do that for us and they have obviously failed with this location. While it is very close to Hollywood blvd, it's not worth the aggrevation. Did I mention the hotel pool has been closed for deck painting since January 28th. It's been over two weeks. Avoid this hotel at all costs.