I've made it a point over the last 10 years or so to ONLY stay in Hampton Inn's when I travel because I have never gotten a dirty room or had a bad experience in one. That was until Saturday night when we arrived at this one. Everything looked fine at first, the hotel looked nice, the room seemed clean. I did notice walking into the room that there was some kind of residual splatter on the door, should have been my first clue. I just figured it was a spray from a cleaning bottle that didn't get wiped. We dropped off everything and checked everything over and it looked ok, if a little run down and out dated. The bed was clean, floors were clean, surfaces had been wiped down. The bathroom had the faint odor of pee, like a convenience store bathroom. We went out to eat and came back and settle in. Right afterward my wife came out of the bathroom screaming ROACH, ROACH, ROACH. I thought she was just over reacting to some small bug in the corner, but no, it was a good old fashioned cockroach. I killed it and then got looking under the sink. At all locations where pipes entered the bathroom there were large gaping holes through to the inside wall, very easy access for roaches. And it WAS NOT a water bug, or because it was raining, we were on the third floor. I got looking around the bathroom and that's when I noticed the ceiling falling down in the shower, the mold growing in the caulk all through the shower, the paper peeling on almost every wall, hair stuck to the back of the bathroom door, which looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. I called down to the front desk and told them we had seen a roach, and if I found one other thing wrong we were gone. To which the guy replied, "I guess we need to bug bomb that room." Really? Is this a normal thing at Hampton Inns, to bug bomb rooms? We wound up staying, it wasn't like I had never seen a bug, and it was 11 at night, not a hell hole, just not clean like the other Hampton's I have stayed in. We slept uneasily and skipped the free breakfast, if there are roaches in the rooms what's in the kitchen? I may try a Hampton once more before having to pick another chain, but I WILL NEVER stay at this one again. Skip it, stay at the one over by the mall, I've stayed there and didn't see any roaches, falling down ceilings, peeling wallpaper or hairs on the backs of doors.