I screwed up, the Crown Plaza is totally within their rights in how they handled this situation, but it left a bad taste in my mouth. I was looking for a hotel in Chicago for my Bachelor party in September. I liked the rate, location and reviews of the Crown Plaza Magnificent Mile so I went ahead and booked five rooms with queen beds for 2 nights each. This is where I screwed up. I selected the best rate of $234 a night for the rooms. This was among the first group of rates listed. What I did not realize was that the first group of rates on top the the results page was the non-refundable advanced purchase rate. I completely glanced over this, that is my fault. I've booked quite a few hotel rooms in the past, and have never seen the non-refundable rates listed on top of the search results and with no significant warning posted near them. Nore did not get any sort of warning before I clicked the "book it" button, alerting me that this was a non-refundable purchase. But, my fault I should have double checked and done my due diligence. I panicked when I saw I had just put $2500 on my credit card and called Priority Club to see if there was anyway I could cancel this. I admitted I screwed and said I was willing to re-book the same amount of rooms at the normal rate (which was only $1 more!!) for the same weekend. I made this call about 30 seconds after booking. The Priority Club rep said there was nothing they could do, and I would have to contact the hotel directly. I contacted the hotel directly and talked to Mary in reservations. I explained my problem, acknowledged that it was totally my fault but if there was anything they could do I would greatly appreciate it and that I would re-book the same amount of rooms at the higher available rate. Mary said that there was nothing she could do, and that I would have to contact Priority Club directly. I told her that PC had sent me to her. She said they were wrong and that I would have to call them back. I called Priority Club back and passed along what Mary at the hotel had said. The Priority Cub rep was very understanding and helpful and again said there was nothing she could do and that once the hotel has a non-refundable advanced purchase reservation booked it's totally up to them to cancel it. Which makes sense and I understand. So, I tried Mary in reservations one last time. This time she gave me a huge attitude, said that the Priority Club people lied to me and that she would contact them herself and have them call me. That was five hours ago, no call. So I get it, the hotel got their money out of me upfront and they are totally within their rights to keep it. They are at the whim of people canceling reservations so when someone pays up front they are going to keep that money. But I just hate the way they went about it. kind of misleading website aside, Mary in reservations straight up lied to me twice, once with attitude. I'm a big boy if you want to keep the money I paid and are within your rights to keep it I understand. But don't lie to me and say there is "absolutely nothing you can do" and only Priority Club could cancel the reservation. The funny thing is I 100% plan on making this trip, and will have 20 people coming with me. I was planning on booking 5-10 additional rooms later this month on top of the five I already booked, but I guarantee those additional rooms will not be at this Crown Plaza. In addition I plan on never saying at a Priority Club property again. I screwed up, I get that. But you're in the hospitality industry, you can be a little nicer about it.