OK, I work for over 20 years with the travel industry and select suppliers (airlines, hotels, etc.) for large corporations, hence I look at a property in extreme details. As I am always looking for hotels that I would put a business person in, I was attracted by the location and amenities offered by the hotel. First and foremost there are truly two properties with the same address - The Best Western Shaftesbury Premier (a 70' concrete building) and the Shaftesbury Executive which is also referred to as Hogarth Execuitve Rooms by Shaftesbury (a 4 story townhouse across the street). This is all terribly confusing as the hotel staff seem to treat them as one and the same. As I was arriving around 6am, I purposely booked the night before to make sure I have a room upon arrival. When checking in I was advised that they did not receive the late check-in message and therefore treated it as a now-show. In other words I was charged for the room and they still gave it away to someone else. Things can happen with reservation, however, to make this the customers fault is not acceptable. Despite claiming they were absolutely sold out I was offered another room in the main building (Best Western Shaftesbury). The room was in the basement and had no windows at all - unacceptable. When I advised them I was suddenly moved to a main room in the building...temporarily as they said. After a 26 hour flight I finally took a nap just to be woken by staff, advising me that they now have a room in the Executive building (the townhouse across the street) and that they would be up shortly to move me again. I declined and told them that I would do this in the afternoon after resting. They were apparently not happy with that decision (as they already had a guest for the room they put me in temporarily). All the hotel facilities are in the "old" Best Western building (restaurant, gym, etc.) and the Townhouse has only "executive rooms". Having see both rooms now I can assure you that there is NO difference between the rooms. The common areas are worn and look pretty bad. The rooms on the other hand were recently renovated and look as "good" as the pictures promise. However, the rooms are not maintained well at all. While the carpet in the center of the room is clean, all around the edges there is at least 2 centimeters deep border of dust (see picture). One light switch was broken and could only be turned by using your fingernail. The foot of the microwave was broken and held up with a napkin that was folder numerous times (see picture). The shower-head was covered in Limescale. The heater in the bathroom had rust-marks on the floor. The bathtub had mold (see picture). The window ledge was covered in cigaret buds, coffee utensils, etc. While the main building had cable TV (50+ channels) the executive rooms had only 8. The top of the closet where my luggage was stored was covered in dust (see picture). etc., etc, etc. The short of it is that the hotel rooms are VERY small but nicely furnished, however, the property is very badly maintained and staff is very rude and unwilling to take responsibility for anything.