arrived at hotel @ 9pm 10/18 & was given a room on the 3rd floor. the view was another apartment building across the road with tenants clothes hanging on a line off the balcony. the bed is as hard as a rock, the shower stall was so small with a dirty shower curtain so it was better to bathe w/o it and let the bathroom flood out rather than have it touch my skin and the water in the face basin would back up as soon as you turned on the pipe. the only towel had yellow and brown stains on it and was so rough it could cut your skin. on top of that they gave me a room that was right next to the garbage room. to add insult to injury after putting out the sign that my room needed to be cleaned it wasnt (i stayed for 2 nights) and to add salt to the wound the hotel is situated right across from a mosque so every 1/2 hr on the hour the prayer music would play so loud it was disturbing and this would go on from 6 am until midnight. the hotel is in a really horrible area that is quite run down with a lot of people always loitering around. i definitely wouldnt recommend this hotel as the people at the reception desk are very rude and not helpful at all. to make matters worse when i was leaving the guy was so rude saying that their credit card machine wasnt working so i would have to pay cash. when i said i didnt enough cash and if so why didnt they put up a sign to let people know he just shrugged off my question and told me to go to a atm and pull money off. i told him absolutely not as that would be a cash advance and i was not going to do it. he then asked how much cash i had and when i said only $80 (the cost was 138.00) he said "let me try c/c machine" and lo and behold conveniently it worked. he had the nerve to add a $10 charge for service charge. i couldnt wait to get the hell out of there. TAKE MY ADVICE. DONT CARE IF IT IS A BUDGET HOTEL, SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND STAY SOMEWHERE MORE ACCOMMODATING, CLEAN, SMELL GOOD AND PEOPLE ARE FRIENDLY AND DONT FEEL LIKE THEY ARE DOING YOU A FAVOR AND NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND!!!