how the elegance stoled christmas How the majestic elegance stole Christmas?br/>Do not go! I have never seen so many unhappy people on vacation in my life. Below are a few reasons on why not to go. Resort smelled like sewage Pools beautiful however ice coldShowers leaked several times (no apologies sked to change room was told o? Bathrooms not private (gross) No hot water for a day (the entire resort- I was told when I wanted to change rooms) Electricity did not work in half the room or patio ..Sliding door lock always broke after being repaired twice we gave up.. Food was horribleRoom service cold and always wrong (no apologies) Mosquitoes in room Construction of the resort is terrible and in constant repair (noisy and disruptive)Service was poor to say the leastElegance Club a joke (almost everything promised is a lie)No beach chairsDrinks were horrible Management staff not professional or empathicHotel and gifts shops cannot make change (I could not buy an 18.00 shawl with a 20.00 bill (I was told to go to 3 different locations for change) Did not get to have dinner at any of various restaurants on New Years Eve due to lack of availability Was told at the gift shops and cigar shop (located at the colonial sister resort) that they did not take credit cards on some days and other days the credit card machine was not working or if we used the credit card we would need to pay 18% tax. If we paid cash it would be less. We complained several times and never received an apology.;they simply were overwhelmed with complaints and did not care. We asked to change our room because of the multiple floods, smell, no hot water were told o we will send housekeeping or maintenance ? The lobby and concierge area for the lub members?were always filled with guests with complaints and you would constantly hear other guests complaining at restaurants, pools, beaches. At one point a helicopter was passing overhead and one of the guests yelled help save us from the resort ;which brought big laughs from many many of the guests.