A nightmare from start to end -----Original Message-----To: travel@customercare.expedia.comSent: Sat, 20 Dec 2008 12:18 amSubject: Package to Hotel Majestic Elegance.vacation packages commentMAAL Airline ticket number 0057383984889-890Expedia itinerary number:125462992182Co code:BGP5TBCo 878 12/5/08Co 879 12/12/0Dear Trip advisor:This is our formal complain letter against the Hotel Majestic Elegance in Punta Cana D.R.We arrived at 1 PM. and they told us in reception that our room would be ready at 3pm.Then when we came back at 3PM they said 5pm. The man that acted as reception manager was rude and told us simply that he didn't have a room for us, we were exhausted and this man just didn't care and turned his face away from us I got his name; it is Daniel Fance Perez. After 5pm we went to our room and started placing our things away in drawers and hangers when we noticed the safe didn't work, the air condition was not letting cold air out, the glass door to the garden, was broken and would not lock, the remote for the TV was missing, the hooks to hang the towels outside the showers fell, I went to iron my blouseand the whole plug came out of the wall. For two days we had not cold air in our air conditioned. It took 3 men and 2 days to repair. Because of all the construction around, the mosquitos had a fiesta with us,we asked for Professional Exterminator and all they gave us was two cans of Bay Gone spray that we sprayed every time we left the room. Simply this Hotel Majestic Elegance was no 4 star hotel. everyone I spoke to felt the same. Because of the construction the mosquitos were crazy and because they had to replace the glass door and it took about 20 men to do it we wasted a whole day of sunshine and were massacred by these gigantic mosquitos.There was no entertainment. I got gastroenteritis and had to go to the Majestic Colonial doctor there, and it cost me $300.00. But that is not the issue the issue is you sold us this package which we bought and you got paid instantly and we thought that it was an elegant finished and luxurious room and Hotel and it is nothing like that. We require that some kind of reprimand and responsibility fall either to the hotel or to Expedia that sold us a package to a Hotel Majestic Elegance that was a nightmare. I will personally comment in every travel Internet web what a horrific experience this was. By the way the hotel was almost empty and they would not put us in another room and would not give us a king size bed as we requested from here with Expedia.I think that before placing and advert ise a hotel one of your people should have traveled there and see in person what was going on,the rooms are not finished! We expect some kind of retribution either from Expedia or the Hotel Majestic Elegant with luxurious rooms that have unlocked glass doors, that had to be replaced, no safe that worked, and no air condition.Waiting for your answer,MA