I had very high hopes for the W Hotel...hopes that were immediately dashed upon checking in. Check-in is on the 6th floor is difficult to find. We went to the only desk that was immediately visible from the elevator. After watching two workers have a long and lazy conversation, one of them turned to me and said, "I am the concierge. You don't check-in with me." So, off to another line. The check-in area (to the left of the concierge, initially hidden by a wall) is a poorly designed area not meant to accomodate more than 4 waiting guests total. Groups of incoming guests spilled over the sofas, into the hallways around check-in, anywhere, while waiting an abnormally long amount of time to have their check-in processed. And the check-in guys all needed a good smack in the face, a HARD smack in the face, because they were so rude. Once we finally went to check-in (at Noon), they told us that our room wasn't ready and that "check-in wasn't until 2 pm so come back later". When we asked about being upgraded, as we were there on our anniversary, we were told "the hotel was full last night and futhermore, they did not give free upgrades". We went off to lunch and came back two hours later, only to repeat the 30 minute plus wait to check-in. We had booked a Fabulous Room on the 29th floor and were given the WORST room on the floor, directly across from the elevators. We could hear every word that everyone said as they went to and from the elevators. However, we came to Hong Kong to see the city, not to gawk at the W Hotel, so we could handle it. I liked the butterflies on the lampshades but the overall design and size of the room did not merit the $300 plus we were dropping each night for 4 nights. When I went to the bathroom area I was disgusted to find what looked like mold all over the base of the bathroom walls. I immediately called their "whatever/whenever service" and complained. After four more phone calls, including one from a suprisingly snobbish duty manager, we were moved from our room to a Fabulous Suite, which was large, airy and lovely. Over the next few days we were shocked at the number of cheaply dressed, poor looking people that were hanging out in the lobby. The guests of the hotel in NO WAY matched the image. On the second morning we were there, we were woken up at 5:30 am to a loud (fire?)alarm going off in our bedroom. Someone from maintenance came to check on it an hour later and we never received an apology or anything for having to sit in a room with a screeching alarm for over an hour. On the third morning we were there, I went to the gym, where the music was blaring so loud that I could not even hear my iPod with my headphones on full blast. When I came back to my room my key didn't work. I had to go back to the 6th floor in my sweaty workout clothes and then got the third degree before they would give me another key. "What is your name? What is your date of birth?" No apology for my key randomly locking me out. My husband had the same thing happen to him later that day and they did not ask him one question. The pool is the highlight of the W Hotel and is allegedly the highest pool in Hong Kong. Gorgeous, gorgeous (partially obstructed) views of the bay. The jaqcuzzi was one of the nicest I've ever been in, an infinity pool leading into some black sea rocks. The experience was only ruined by the rude hotel staff, in the form of the towel boy who decided whether to give you a nice, purple W hotel beach towel or a plain, white, often stained towel. Guess which one he tried to give me every time? There is a giant, inflatable butterfly in the pool which is ridiculous. Back in our hotel room, the rest of the stay wasn't so bad. The little chocolates that were brought each evening 'Sunday is for Soak, Monday is for Martini, Tuesday is for Tea, etc" were lovely. The bed was exceedingly comfortable. The Bliss products were replenished daily. We went to the LIVING ROOM for dinner one evening. The food was great although the staff hovered too closely. I think the W Hotel is absolutely gorgeous but dislike its poorly trained, rude staff. If you go there you will be made to feel that you are just a number, nothing special, and you might even get the third degree if your hotel key randomly stops working. The W Hong Kong is quite an experience. Until their staff becomes nicer, it is an experience that should be missed.