We stayed at the Santa Prassede for five nights in April. It was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Upon first arriving, we discovered there is no elevator in the hotel (and no porter) so if you're planning to stay here (which I implore you not to) be prepared to haul your luggage up narrow staircases. The room we stayed in (51--on the fifth floor) was very tiny and main window is actually a door to a roof top balcony. However, it is shared with the room next door so there's not much privacy. The walls are paper thin - that was the only time being on the fifth floor benefited us, we only had one neighbor. The first and last night we were at the hotel we had very noisy neighbors who kept us up past 2am. Not the hotels fault, but if the rooms were better soundproofed it wouldn't have been such a bother. The bathroom was large, but the shower was very small and took 5+ minutes to get hot water. One of the worst parts of the room was the bed. The comforter felt wet/greasy and smelled like cheap men's cologne--like instead of washing it they just sprayed something on it. The bed was tiny and the pillows were uncomfortable chunks of foam. And worst of all, our second to last night there, my husband broke out in hives all over his body. Most likely from the bed. Also, the rooms (or at least the one we were in) required the key to lock from the inside, I found this odd and a potential fire hazard. The hotel provides free breakfast in the basement. Not much there but it's free - instant coffee, croissants, and cereal (something similar to Coco Puffs and Corn Flakes). Don't drink the orange juice - it's brown. The one positive thing about the hotel was that most of the staff were nice or at least polite. The manager, whom we spoke with twice, was very pleasant. The street noise was very minimal due to the "tucked away" location of the hotel--but with all the noise inside the hotel it didn't matter. Make sure you have a good map if you're trying to find the place for the first time! (Although, again, I think you should find a better place!)