From the moment you walk in, there is no one to help you out of the taxi with the bags. You have to drag them up the stairs and push the doors and shout for a help with the bags. I regret deeply for not choosing other competitor's with excellent services. I chose this place for its location--5 min walk to work. Hardwares of the hotel is far impressive. The soft side, people management is by far the worst I have ever seen. No one ever greets you "welcome" or "Good Morning." They use the Concierge as a working office. They seem simply too busy to notice any complaints by customers. The staffs were ever so rude. Made me wonder why they would bother staying in the hospitality industry. I have made many suggestions and provided feedback during my stay for one month. I was trying to constructive. However, I was punished by the staff for complaining. They gave me a dirty look every time they saw me, standing behind the Concierge desk--hoping to threaten me?? I am quite impressed though about how strong the ties were amongst the staffs--clearly they are protecting one another. But this is not a spirit of the hospitality industry. The doorman/ bell boys were never to be seen outside of the door. They stay in a nice cool air-conditioned environment behind the Concierge with Concierge staff gossiping the customers. I was puzzled by how no one seems to manage this hotel at all. But then I realized this hotel is NOT owned by a hotelier, but owned by Capital Land--a property developer in Singapore. The cultures are different here. I said repeatedly to the management in writing, what is the point of spending so much money to impress the customers with the fine linens and impressive bathrooms, when they cannot even provide a simple services? When you need any service, no one is ever around. The only thing worked was the Housekeeping's cleaning services. Nothing ever works around there. The whole hotel makes more sense as a serviced apartments. If you are looking for a five star hotel services, this is NOT the place. My rating of the services were at 1 star only. The rooms, I would rate at 5 star. Nice design, expensive china, etc. But in the end, if you have to live there for a month, you just could not. I remember my stay being very unpleasant (leaving out the small details) and I also have heard from other friends who stayed for one month seeing the same problem. Obviously they never bother fixing any problem that I have written on the comments cards.