I write this review as a warning for any poor soul who might consider staing in this auful hotel. Please don't - for the sake of keeping your mental helth as you won't be able to sleep there. I chose this hotel because of its location, which is really close to Central station and booked 2 nights. I has a really important professional exam on 7th December and arrived in the hotel the day before. Here is my story... 1. I'm not peaky about the view from the window, but mine was facing inner part of the building and when I started undressing I felt that someone was definitely looking at me - it was an old pervert pieking on me from the pathway from one side of the building the the other, which was located right next to my window. I had to close my window blindes properly to get rid of this guy. 2. I started re-reading materials for my exam and noticed that some strange high level (almost an ultrasound) noise was disturbing my thoughts. I turned-off air cond and fridge, but turned out that it came from inside the wall (I think my room was situated close to general air cond system of the building). I turned on my i-pod and coninued my studies. 3. In the evening I tried to get some sleep, but the sound intensified (probably more customers have turned on their air conditioners). I was thinking of getting to reception, but someone was banging the door in the corridor with such force that my bed was shaking with every bang - so I considered I would rather stay in the room till the morning. 4. I was unable to sleep throughout all night and decided to leave this terrible place 1 day earlier. I bought new airplane ticket via internet in the morning and went to the bathroom to take a shower and be gone. In the shower I found a new surprise - a flock of really annoying bugs, which were trying to sit on me whie I was in a shower - so this was one of the quickest shower experiences in my life. 5. I filled out a guest form saying that this was the worst hotel I've ever been (and I've been to 20 countries and around hundred hotels so far) and proceeded to check-out. Since I've booked this hotel with a condition of non-refundable payment I didn't ask for my money (and seriously the only thing I wished at that point is to get out of there). 6. I went to my exam and I was sllepy through all 3 hours of it (since I didn't sleep the night before). It was the 14th and last exam for my professional certification and I was there in a zombie condition - great. 7. On my way to the airport the hotel manager called me and said that the level of noise in their hotel is absolutely normal but that they did find some bugs in a bathroom. So he offered to give me back 1 night's fee and offered me to come and stay in their hotel again - yeah SURE.