We stayed at this "hotel" for one night on an overnight layover. We were just looking for somewhere close, clean and quiet with a shuttle and breakfast. We called on arrival and were told to wait "downstairs" for the shuttle driver. Well, DFW has multiple levels of parking and roadways, but after a while we found the poorly lit location. We waited about 45 minutes and were finally picked up and taken to the hotel. The kid working the desk was nice enough, but not very knowledgeable. We checked in, were given two vouchers for breakfast and then, as we were leaving, he said, by the way, YOU CAN'T USE THE WATER, IT'S CONTAMINATED!!! Apparently, this section of the city had some sort of low water table problem recently. We were told it was ok to use it if we boiled it twice. Well how were we supposed to do that in a hotel room? We headed off to our room only to find that we were given two doubles instead of a Queen bed. So we call the desk and the kid tells us we have to bring the keys back and then he'll give us another room. so, we do and were given a room on the THIRD floor. Why? This place was far from full. The room was small, cramped and musty and, the decor was dated The tv only received a few channels. Disgusted, I got out the laptop to take advantage of the advertised free wireless internet. What a joke! the signal was so weak it barely registered. I called the desk and he told me it would be fixed tomorrow. I never was able to sign on. Apparently, it had been out of service for some time and they just keep lying to people. (I found this out after I called the internet tech support) It's clear they don't spend much to maintain this hotel and they don't care about the customer. The best part of our stay was when we left in the morning. oh, and the breakfast.......my partner said it was ok, but I couldn't eat for worrying about the water quality. I felt we should have been offered a room in a sister hotel or some other kind of compensation, but none was offered. We will never stay here or any other days inn again!!!