Although the Hotel itself is nice, the risk of staying here is not worth it. We arrived at the hotel after dark, we thought it looked nice and it also has a Country Inn & Suites across the parking lot. We were literally there for 45 minutes when our car got broken into. We had gone up to the room and started upacking, my son and his friend went back to the parking lot to get a drink from the cooler in our car. There was glass all over everywhere, car was completely ransacked and several electronic items including our video camera (which was hidden down in the console) were stolen. We had left nothing out in plain view. We called Dallas PD, they took an hour and half to respond. While waiting for the police, we observed the parking lots of both hotels crawling with thugs looking into people's cars, one would even change clothes once in a while from a strategically based bag of clothes sitting behind the dumpster. We stayed close to the front doors of the hotel while waiting. We called the PD back to say there were several people checkiing door handles and looking in cars, the still took forever. When they finally arrived, they informed us that this is not a safe side of town to stay on and that this happens all the time in this parking lot. The next day in daylight, we discovered there was a low-income apartment building right next door to the Country Inn & Suites (across parking lot from Comfort Suites Park Central). This is where all the low-life, degenerate, coackroach thugs were flowing out of. We also observed several obvious hookers (about 2:00 am by this time) flowing in and out the front doors of the Country Inn and Suites. We alerted the hotel clerk of what had happened. He didn't seem surprised. We lost half a day of vacation getting our window replaced and can't replace the electronics. These hotels do not care about their guests, because if they did, they would have better security. Either hire a security company or have fenced in parking. Until this is done, these hotels are showing they could care less about the trap they are setting up for their customers.