My husband and I spent the weekend of New Year's Eve at Lumen both for the holiday and his birthday. As we are familiar with Dallas (he went to college there), we have stayed at many different hotels with different price points. Lumen was one of the more expensive and worst overall experience. We were awakened before 8 a.m. Saturday morning (12/31) by work on the pool-banging, tile saws, men yelling to one another-within 20 feet of our dust-encrusted window. Our inquiries at the front desk along with other folks staying on that side of the building were met with the excuse that management did not know work would be going on and that they could do nothing about it. However, we were assured by management that no work would be done the following holiday and Sunday morning. We ended up purchasing ear plugs from the pharmacy down the street to get a little more sleep that morning due to the noise. After ringing in the new year that night with friends, being the old married couple we are we returned to Lumen at 12:30 to get a full night's sleep free of our two small children and mindful of our plan for reasonably early departure (10 a.m. or so) the next morning. Upon arriving at the hotel, we saw people lingering in the small lobby and outside the front doors. Upon entering, we were advised by other patrons that the key card system was "down" preventing anyone including management from accessing guest rooms. This sorry state of affairs lasted 3 hours with few updates as to progress in opening the doors as the manager was nowhere to be found and would only communicate cryptically thru a poor desk clerk. We got back into our room around 3 a.m., after standing around in the hallway waiting for one solitary gentleman tasked with checking IDs and letting patrons back in. We were promptly awakened New Year's Day at 8 a.m. by pool construction which we had been assured the day before by management would not be taking place. Again, management shrugged and indicated they had no control over the contractor doing the work. All in all my single worst and least enjoyable hotel experience.