We stayed at the Worldquest for 4 nights at the end of August. Everything started great. I was travelling already for 10 days with my wife and 2 twin girls of 4.5 years. We had been in a very fancy and expensive hotel in Miami Beach and in a cruise, and had found the WORLDQUEST after long researches on the internet, because: 1) It had separated rooms for my wife and myself and the Kids and Wasn't expensive 2) Had a full equipped kitchen, so we could save on restaurants 3) Had free internet in the rooms 4) Had a shuttle to Disney 5) Had free breakfast 6) Free Newspaper 7) Free Parking 8) Free Local calls Everything started great as we got upgraded to a 3 bedroom suite, when we ordered a 2 bedroom suite. The Room was in the resort far from the reception, so don't even think going to this hotel without a car! We had a car, so it wasn't a problem for us. When we got in the rooms we were astonished. It was even bigger that I was imagining. Only good comments about the rooms. Now when did it started wrong you asking me. 1) Internet wasn't working in my room. Technician came but couldn't repair it. So had to take my computer in the middle of the night (working with Europe) to work from the lobby where wireless internet was working. 2) Breakfast is served till 9:30!!! We got at the breakfast at 9:25, as one of the kids was'nt feeling well. I noticed when we arrived that the cleaning woman (VERY UNFRIENDLY) were already putting all the buffet back in the fridge and the cupboard. Every time I had to ask the person, where I could fine the milk, tea, coffee, juice ... And with a very negative attitude she was giving me the milk, before rushing to put it back in the fridge. TRAVELLED A LOT, NEVER, BUT NEVER, HAD SO RUDE SERVICE DURING A BREAKFAST. It was like they were telling you: " Breakfast is complimentary, so don't even think of eating too long, too late, too much or get service". 3) Shuttle service: Have been in other disney world hotels, where there was a shuttle service to disney every 15 minutes from morning till night. Very convenient and you don't need a car. HOWVERE AT THE WORLDQUEST there were 3 shuttle services in the morning (every hour) to Disney, and 3 shuttle services at night back. We didn't use it as it wasn't convenient, so used our rented car (thank god I hadn't returned it before, as I was thinking to do) and paid the disney parkings. 4) PHONE BILL RIPP OFF!! I normally never phone from hotels for local calls. But because I had to phone HERTZ RENT A CAR in Miami in order to bring my car back later than presumed and not pay an extra cost of 65$ as they told me , I had to phone them. For an hour I phoned Hertz to Miami, thinking it was a local call and free as promised by the hotel, as it is also in Florida. And as Hertz isn't either the champion of service, I had to phone 7 times (during 1 hour) till I spoke with the right person,and got the promise that I wouldn't be charged by Hertz for returning my car later. Now very happy that I saved myself 65$ , I went to check out the last day from the WORLDQUEST, not believing what would happen next. During the Check out process, that had to be very short as I wasn't expecting to get any extra costs, the receptionist turns to me and says with a big smile " WOW mister, where have you been phoning to?" And she hand me a bill of ....... 210$ of a phone bill (equals to more than 2 nights at the WORLDQUEST) . I ALMOST FAINTED!!! Told her that there must be a mistake as I only phoned Miami (300 km- 220 miles away, very short distance in the USA and still in the same state of Florida) and only for 1 hour. She told me that I shouldn't have used the hotel phone, as only picking up the phone is costing 12.5$/call, before even the minutes accounts( so 7*12.5= 87.5$ for only dialling a number + 2$ a minute for the max 60 minutes I used the phone). Immediately she cut the cost by 50%, to 105$, saying that the phone company they are working with are sometimes miscalculating the bill (smells like a rip off? You tell me). I spoke with the shift responsible, and she promised me that the Hotel Manager wasn't in but that he would definitely contact me by e-mail. Didn't get contacted till today, ONLY the 105$ bill was billed to my credit card. So my saving of 65$ with hertz, costed me 105$ (negotiated from 210$), 1 hour at the phone, and 30 minutes of stress at the front desk of the hotel. Started sweet, ended up SOUR!!! NEVER COMING BACK AGAIN!!!