This is my first review about a hotel, and I feel compelled to write it as a warning to other travelers. My husband and I have stayed at many super 8s in the past, so we booked this place based on our past experiences. We read the reviews, which were decidedly mixed, on other websites besides just Tripadvisor and decided we would chance it; we know everyone has different expectations and we are usually pretty easy going about these types of things. All we want is a clean, safe room to stay for the night. However, this place was niether clean nor safe. Yes, it was cheap, and it's true you get what you pay for, but I think we got a bit less then we paid for. The rooms all open to the outside, TAKE NOTE, and our particular room did NOT LOCK. Also, our room was located in the back of the hotel, but if your room was in the front, you are almost directly on the highway with a lot of noise as a result. The room itself was noticeably dirty, and maybe if you are prepared for that and fine with it then go for it; however, we weren't prepared for it and had expected something decent. The images provided on Tripadvisor and their own website are very misleading - there were no pictures hanging on the walls, the paint was chunked off in huge portions all over, and none of the furniture in the image was actually included in the room. I believe they probably have one model room they use for the photos. The description clearly stated our king bed room would include things such as "a recliner". Instead, there was one bed (with stained sheets...not sure if they had changed them...) a very old and dirty table and a very old office chair that had an abundance of brown stains all over it. The towels were also equally stained (hopefully stained...not just splattered with random yellow and brown spots) We went to call the front desk to ask them about this and the phone was missing many buttons. We were able to get a hold of them and they told us they were in the process of renovating. I honestly do not believe this. Had they been sincerely renovating, they should have put up signs and still made attempts to provide a comfortable stay. We wouldn't have minded the sparseness or simplicity of the room had it even been clean and safe. As far as the area goes, it is directly off of the highway and not really in a nice area. There seemed to be some sort of gathering of rough looking men outside of one of the rooms and there were quite a few shady looking people leaning against the walls and hanging out even late at night when we returned from the concert we had attended. The bottom line was, we did not stay there. We made the mistake of purchasing the advance price which meant no refunds, but we were glad to drive the 3.5 hours back home late that night and lose 50 dollars rather than stay there. If you have children I definitely do not recommend this place. On a lighter note, we had a very nice stay at the super 8 in Grand Prairie, so if you can go a little bit of a distance, it is worth it.