You will read good and bad reviews on the Intercontinental Dallas Hotel just like other hotels. I really like reading reviews on TripAdvisor because it lets me see if managemt respionds to bad reviews by improving service or if they maintain good review trends. If I see all good reviews- I stay. If I see all bad- I avoid. The hard part is when you see good and bad. Anyway, I always read these kind of reviews and then decide if I want to roll the dice or not and sometimes I am lucky, sometimes not. In other words, take this review with a grain of salt. This is a bad review. -Reserved on-line and selected King Premiere room with Bed and Breakfast option for two (which was to include breakfast and drink coupons at bar) -Arrived hotel and checked in. Received hotel key and cheerful "Enjoy your stay". -"Excuse me" I say, "We also should have some coupons for breakfast?" -Clerk checks, apologizes profusely and gives me a card for breakfast for two. I forgot to ask for drink coupons. I must admit I am irritated that I had to point out her lapse. -Room is swell and comfortable. Club floor. Nice and competent Club hostess. All good. -Wake up next day and go to breakfast with my wife. -A few construction men working in the Monte Carlo restaurant and maybe 2 people dining. Hostess asks if we need a menu or buffet. We say buffet and she seats us. -Sit down and present our breakfast voucher card to the waitress. She hustles away and another lady (head waitress??) shows up and says this card is only good for the "cold stuff" on the buffet. I look at the card and she is indeed correct. I say we want the full buffet. Bless her heart she is speechless. About this time an air compressor rev's up to an ear splitting pitch as the workman are working on a wall or something. I am not kidding. -I walk to front desk and say I think I have the wrong card, clerk looks on computer, apologizes profusely, and gives me new card for full buffet. The hot stuff. -I walk back to restaurant, present my card and we are allowed to go to buffet. By this time, I'm not hungry so I drink coffee, read the paper and watch my wife eat. it's good she says so no problems with quality of food. -Get the bill for two full buffets at $38 marked down to zero with, of course, the tip line staring right at me. I tip $10 because it's not the fault of the workers, its the fault of the managers and their inept computer system.