My husband and I were married in downtown Dallas, and as our venue was literally around the corner from Springhill Suites they recommended this hotel to us for getting a block of rooms for our guests. We looked around at hotels in the area and they had the best rates and the rooms seemed nice so we booked 20+ rooms for our guests that weekend. Let me first state the positives of the hotel: the rooms were clean and a decent size. The pool was nice, and the location is excellent for being close to everything downtown. That being said, I have NEVER had a worse experience with a hotel in my life (considering my personality is more on the relaxed, go-with-the-flow side it takes a lot for me to get irked)! We set the block of rooms up several months before the wedding, so I was not anticipating any problems, but when I went to check into the hotel a few days before the wedding they informed me they had overbooked the hotel accidentally and didn't have a room for me. Needless to say I was angry - I am the bride of the wedding for goodness sake! And what is the point in setting up a block of rooms in advance if you are going to bump guests!? They also said that knowing it was my wedding, they meant to keep a room for me and bump guests of mine but they got confused when someone checked in with my last name (well... hello! It's a wedding for goodness sake lol) and they gave the room they were holding for me to my parents. Anyways, I was very upset that I wouldn't be able to stay in the same hotel as my guests. The best they could offer was to book me at a hotel several blocks away that had rooms available. That hotel was more expensive and they tried to tell me that they would only pay for the price difference the first night and the other 2 nights were up to me. I had to argue with the manager for some time for them to agree to pay the price difference for the entire time! I don't think that is unreasonable at all, and was frankly appalled that they were trying to make me pay for their mistake! Then I learned the next day that Springhill had also bumped my in-laws to the hotel down the road and were refusing to pay ANY of the price difference for them! I had to go back to Springhill Suites and argue AGAIN with the manager for them to pay the difference! My final complaint was that we had called ahead about 2 weeks before and asked to book a conference room one night for part of the bachelorette party. Everything seemed fine and then the night of the party we went to get the keys to the room and they said they had no record of us booking it and there was nothing they could do. I had to argue with them again! And finally I asked for the manager - I think by this point he was scared to argue with me again lol! So they let us use the room, but it was way too much hassle! Especially when we had booked it in advance. All in all I think this hotel is ok for someone who is not part of a large party. If you are planning on getting married in the area (we were married in the Starlight Room) and want to book a hotel for you and your guests I would STRONGLY recommend going to a different hotel. This might have been a fluke, but I wouldn't take the chance!