I selected this hotel after reading more positive reviews than negative ones. The building has seen some wear and some things seemed a bit dated. A young man Oscar checked my wife and me in the hotel. He wasn't very friendly but we all have bad days. We got to our room and there were burns on the floor from an iron. It was hot and stuffy in the room and we turned on the air conditioner and it cooled off slowly for about an hour. I bet you can guess where this is going. About 12:45 in the morning I was sweating and tried to adjust the air conditioner to no avail. I called down to the office and no one would answer so I walked down to the front desk and spoke to Christopher. I explained the problem and with a bad attitude he set me up in a new room that was across the hall. I asked if it was ok to leave my stuff in the first room. Its 1 o'clock in the morning. I'm exhausted, he said we prefer you not do that. When I went back to the room with malfunctioning air conditioner my wife was too tired to get up. She can sleep in an 80 degree room. I moved to the new room and checked the air conditioner and when it cooled off I went to sleep. At 3 o'clock in the morning Christopher was at my door asking why I had not vacated the first room. I explained that my wife was asleep in that room. He gave me a dirty look and stated fine and walked off. At this point I was angry for the lack of professionalism and poor customer service. I woke my wife up and we packed our stuff and left the hotel. A very defensive Christopher at the from desk said you will probably want to talk to the manager as if he had been through that before. I called the manager a few hours later. I explained what happened and the front desk manager, who wouldn't tell me anything but his first name, Ricky. He was no help. No apology other than explaining that no hotel allows you to occupy two hotel rooms for the price of one. I wonder if they were planning to rent out the room at 3 o'clock in the morning. Composing my letter to corporate offices about the severe lack of customer service.