We booked a blocked of rooms for out of town guests and ourselves following my husbands 40th birthday. We returned to the hotel and were immediately treated like we were "spring breakers". It was a weekend evening. Typically, guests are up a little later on the weekends. We had two guest that were smokers, so due to the hotel being a non smoking hotel, they went outside. About 4 or 5 of us that were still up decided to follow them in order to keep the hallways quiet. We decided to visit outside. Within 19 minutes, the police showed up. We were curious to see what was going on. Much to our surprise, the police pulled the two individuals that were smoking aside and made them sit on the curb. One of the individuals is a soldier and the other is outstanding woman that has never been in trouble a day of her life. When we asked what was going on, the female police officer put her finger in my chest and told us to back off. They said the hotel had called them. We found this very strange considering we were outside to avoid noise in the hotel and following the rules of "nonsmoking" by spending time outside. We were treated like we were children instead of adults in their 40's. When we tried to speak with the front desk, she said that she would phone the police. She was very unprofessional and a bit young. The gentleman that had been placed on the curb previously by the police returned outside once again a couple of hours later to smoke a cigarette and when the doors locked behind him, the front desk did not want to open the doors for him, stating that he was part of the group from earlier. We will never stay here again and since we all work in the travel industry, we have done our best to spread the word on the hotel. We spend most of our spare time traveling when we are not working and this was unbelievable treatment of guest. My very dear friend that travels in from Harfield actually recommended this hotel to us and he has since changed his hotel arrangements due to this experience.