My boyfriend and I both hold Platinum status at Marriott, and this was hands-down the worst customer service we had ever experienced at this chain of hotels. We had a terrible time negotiating with the hotel management after we experienced some troubles with our room. On the first night, we discovered that the bathtub wouldnt drain and although this was inconvenient, we could and did live with it. However, we did immediately notify the management so that they could have someone look into fixing the problem. On the next day, we discovered that the hotel door didnt lock properly! Considering that we were both unfamiliar with Mexico City, we were extremely concerned about the security issues of sleeping without a proper lock and the fact that we had been leaving all of our possessions (including passports) in the room. It took upwards of an hour to get the hotel managers attention, and finally, my boyfriend had to run down to reception to find him in person. The manager, Benjamin, came up to demonstrate that the door had to be shut forcefully a certain way in order for the lock to automate. This meant that the door, while it looked closed, had actually been unlocked the entire time. At this point, my boyfriend felt disgruntled enough to want to check out of the Marriott and into the Sheraton across the street. However, I was a Marriott loyalist, and convinced him that we should just switch rooms instead. It took two calls and an hour wait to get a new room. As an aside, the hotel staffs English is very poor, and this led to various misunderstandings about wanting to switch rooms. The new room had a perfectly functioning door that didnt require extra force / finagling. Upon checkout, we politely asked for additional bonus points to compensate for the inconvenience of having had to deal first with this many problems with a room, the insensitively long wait times, and then the actual room switch. This is a reasonable request by two Platinum members, but we were told that the arrival gift was sufficient and that we already had gotten a new room. By all accounts, a new room is the least that a hotel should offer to hotel guests of any level when there is a potential security issue. We found the hotels response times to our various problems for the duration of our stay to be unacceptable, and the hotel manager, Benjamin, was completely unresponsive to our last request of compensation in the form of points. The rest of the stay was fine, but the beginning frustration and shock of the malfunctioning lock and the ensuing stonewalling from hotel management is not worth anyones time. Do NOT stay at this hotel - the Sheraton Isabel is across the street if you want to stay in the Reforma area / visit the Centro / etc. and the W is in the very upscale Polanco neighborhood with great restaurants.