I stayed here this past weekend with 3 other friends. As soon as we pull up, $40 charge for parking and having access to your car during your stay to take it in and out. Upon check in, we're told we have to pay a $50 deposit for the room, even though we spoke to the hotel numerous times about the total costs, nobody mentioned this. But we completely understood and we were told the money would be returned immediately after check-out. We make our way to the room and as soon as we get there, a group right behind us, that had just checked in as well, had been given the same room. We're then reassigned to a room that wasn't nearly as nice, but we didn't complain. We then learn about the $15 dollar charge for WiFi, but definitely remembered the hotel offering free internet for their guests on their website. Then, check-out. Complete disaster. Since it was a few of us staying together, I paid for the deposit and one paid for the room. Apparently when we checked in, the $50 was a charge instead of a hold. So on the other card they had charged the remainder of the costs. Which screwed the plan my friends and I had. They try to fix it, and they charge the full amount on the intended card, and tell me it may be a week before I get my $50 back. EVEN THOUGH WE WERE TOLD I COULD GET IT IMMEDIATELY AFTER CHECK-OUT. Our group is obviously irritated at this point, but their employees did little to nothing to help the situation or explain what they were doing with all these charges. They tell me that I can get my $50 back if I call my bank and tell them to release the money to my account, which I shortly did after, but the bank tells me I'm pretty much SOL because the Marriott needs to handle this first. I go online to check what the status of this charge was, and learn that another $47 charge from the Marriott has been made. I called the Marriott several times trying to resolve the issue, but everybody was just telling me they don't know why certain charges were made but they assured me it was being credited the money back and it was just my bank that needed to release the money. My bank again, tells me they have no control over the money and suggest I wait a few days for the money. The $47 was deposited back into my account the next day, but not the $50. Again, I call the Marriott to find out what's going on and they tell me THE SAME THING, that they've released the money. So I figure I would wait a little longer. Then today the $47 is taken out from account..... I'm soo done trying to figure out what the hell this place is doing. Cool place, cool room, but our stay and the employees were mediocre to say the least. I will not be returning nor do I encourage any future business for this hotel.