I'm told that the JW Marriott is to "experience a new dimension of luxury in a hotel" - that's actually directly from their website. Unfortunately it was anything but. While the "exquisite architectural detail" was ok, the service was one of the worst experiences I've had in a 5 star hotel. Let me list the issues: 1. We arrived late at night and I was standing with my wife and children and a large amount of luggage for about 12 minutes as no one from the hotel actually came and asked if we needed help with our bags (there was no one else on the driveway!). When they finally arrived by the time I checked in and got to the room it was close to 45 minutes. 2. As I was arriving very late to a suite with my family I had specifically requested that a cot to be set up prior to my arrival so I could quickly get my youngest to sleep - nope. When I asked at check-in a vacant stare was my response. I had to book and chase three times before they came - with a roll away bed and NOT a cot?!?! 3. They have a bar fridge with nothing in it. Ok, this is fairly standard for the US hotels, but when I ordered room service they got it wrong. First, the bottle of wine I ordered was changed because they are changing their wine list and the second time they left off an order 4. I went to breakfast and I was standing at the entrance waiting for someone to seat me in case this was the requirement (there is no sign by the way). After about 5 minutes I went and sat down. A lady came over to me and I asked to order and she said something to the effect, oh, youre sitting there, you walked straight past me . 5. They have some funky pool thing going on for non-hotel guests. My wife went for a swim about 10:30 am and there were a bunch of drunk idiots jumping into the pool fully clothed multiple times and the staff did nothing about it. Then another time a bunch of near naked FAT people down from the pool were standing in the reception area being very loud (as they were drunk) and treating the small water/biscuit bar (that JW Marriott has there for convenience) as a buffet lunch?!? 6. They forgot one day to service my room?!? And had the gall to tell me "oh, you must have left the "do not disturb" sign on your door"!?!? In short, very disappointing and I hope I never have to go to another Marriott in my life.