havent ever written a negative review, but this place does not deserve to be in business. The staff is completely incompetent and insulting. Here is my story. I booked a reservation for New Years Eve with my girlfriend. I called the number on the website (on hotels.com) and told them I was looking for a room that overlooked the Space Needle so we could see the fireworks. The guy said he didnt have any rooms overlooking the space needle but he would give us a room where we could see the fireworks. I made it clear we were only interested in reserving a hotel room if we could view the fireworks from the room. As we will later see, this was not the case. We got to the hotel and found street parking. When we arrived at the counter the staff seemed very nice. I asked them if there was hotel parking, because I didnt want to have to move my car before the next day. They told me street parking was free on New Years and they also had free hotel parking in another lot. Later I asked for one of these passes before I left to eat at a restaurant. The staff seemed good intentioned, but completely incompetent. My girlfriend is Japanese and one of the staff members told us there were a number of good restaurants in the area and then told my girlfriend there is bubble tea if she wants some. Neither of us said anything, because we both were surprised by the comment. He then continued to ask her if she likes bubble tea. It seemed like a weird and completely unprofessional thing to say, but I just thought whatever. Next, we went up to the room. I looked out the window and it was a view of the other side of the building. There was absolutely no view whatsoever of fireworks or any park of the city for that matter. It was a completely blocked off view. I went back to the desk and told them we specifically asked for a room with a view of the fireworks. The lady said that there werent any rooms with a view of the fireworks. I asked her why the hotel staff member on the phone said there was. She said I booked the reservation through hotels.com and they were the ones at fault, not the hotel. She said they have had problems with hotels.com in the past. She said there was nothing she could do and that I could try to cancel my reservation through hotel.com if I wanted to. I told her we had nowhere else to go and we were promised a view of the fireworks (it actually said we wanted a view of the Space Needle on the reservation printout she gave me). I said they need to take responsibility for hotels.com mistakes if they are going to contract with them. After attempting to reason with her for way too long she finally told me I they would tell hotels.com they would grant the cancellation and that I could still stay in the room. When we finally got to the point of speaking with hotels.com and giving her the phone to grant the permission she said to me so we are going to cancel your reservation and that means you are going to have to check out of the hotel. At this point I was extremely frustrated. I told her she just told me a second ago that she said I could stay in the hotel for free. Long story short, it got to the point where I finally reasoned with her. She called her manager and asked him if I could stay in the room for free and the manager granted that (side note: while she was on the phone with the manager the bubble tea guy was telling me in a very illogical, confusing way that the hotel was full and I might not be able to stay there unless the manager granted it. I told him we already had a room. Long story short, these two hotel staff were complete idiots). The next day I went to checkout and there were two new hotel staff at the counter (these two were middle age, so I figured they might be a little smarter due to life experience). The lady took my room keys and parking pass. She said she was going to charge me $15 for parking. I told her the hotel staff told me it was free and that I didnt even use the pass because I was lucky enough to find street parking again. She said I see on the computer what happened last night. Parking is $15 and Im charging it to your card. I told her again that the hotel staff told me it was free. In a very aggressive tone she said Youre a con artist. I was shocked. She told me she didnt want to listen to my side of the story. This business does not deserve to stay in business. If you believe this situation is unacceptable, then please do not support this business. If you simply just need a place to stay and dont deal with the hotel staff, then this place is just fine. The rooms are clean and comfortable. But there are plenty of other businesses out there competing for your business and I do not believe this hotel deserves to remain in business. Thanks for reading. These review sites seem to be the only tools for holding people accountable.