We stayed at the Point Resort for the first night of our vacation last week and we were put in room 401h (will explain the h later) the room was cleanish of average size and was ok for one night. As our vacation progressed we returned to Orlando for 4 nights on our last week of our vacation and we were booked into room 501h. The h means that you have the bedroom only of a 2 bedroom suite and that you share a door and hall with the adjoining 1 bedroom suite. You also get the pleasure of hearing everyone next door coming and going and the main door slamming every time someone enters of leaves. I also had the pleasure of being woken up by my neighbour making scrambled eggs for breakfast the calling her rather noisy kids to the table and making them eat the aforementioned breakfast. Also if you want a quiet time do not take a studio at this hotel as you will not get any peace at all. As I looked round the room I noticed several things that were not right. Stains on the carpet and overall the carpet looked grubby and in need of a good clean, The top of the microwave was caked in dust that thick you can write your name in it. And why give you an ice bucket in the room when there is no ice machine for guests to use. You have to ask for ice and they get it for you from the restaurant. In the bathroom the towels were all odd and several were discoloured. The main point that really annoyed me was the black mould that was growing all over the tile grout round the bath and I dont mean little specks I mean large obvious patches of thick black mould. The bed was quite comfortable but the same cannot be said for the pillows, they were of the cheapest quality that gave you no support on your neck at all. They were all synthetic fibre filled pillows. As I have a bad neck I am now in pain because of this. All in I can only advice you with what I have noted from our room. If you stay at this hotel do not have a studio I repeat do not have a studio as you will get not peace if the unit adjoining yours is occupied I could even hear the mom beat the eggs this morning. Not very happy at the so called cleaning and I have put some pictures up to show my points also the carpets in all the hallways are grubby and in need of a good vacuum then a shampoo. All in feel a bit ripped off with this Hotel, if we had known that we would have a room like this we would not have booked and made another choice. Also if you are going to book either a 1 or a 2 bedroom suite please remember that they have yet to break ground on tower 3 so you may have your vacation next to a building site. All in unless you want to fork out for a 1 or 2 bedroom suite do not book this hotel as the studios are not a very good option for anyone to stay in.