Was intrigued by the ratings of this hotel and felt like testing it out. Having stayed at 75+ hotels since 2007, Le 1 is easily the worst on the list. Heres the lowdown: Pros: Right on the doorstep to Chinatown. Nice outdoor sitting area on the 5th floor. Some rooms (floors 10-12 on the south side) will have a decent view of Chinatown. Kitchenette was a nice idea; I appreciated the mini-fridge and large work table. Good shower pressure and hot water came within 15 seconds. Windows provide moderate soundproofing from the street. Cons: This is the noisiest hotel I have ever stayed at, and sadly, it could have all been avoided with some common sense from the hotel. There is massive construction going on throughout the 2nd floor. They are ripping the concrete apart and installing new concrete walls for new condos. It starts at 8AM sharp and continues until 7PM. Intense non-stop drilling sounds like someone is using a chainsaw in your room, even several floors above. For a moment I thought this was a practical joke. I couldnt even hear the TV at full volume. Any normal hotel that values customer satisfaction would be closed for this level of construction. Given the degree of work ahead as of May 2010, I would expect the project to continue until at least late 2010, though likely well into 2011. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED: Dont expect much sleep anytime in 2010 at this place. Even with earplugs, I left with a sore back and a massive headache. With the big dig of Ste. Catherine, much of the traffic is re-routed to Rene Levesque, where all four lanes of the main street directly in front of the hotel are extremely busy all hours of the day; expect to hear a plethora of horns and sirens, especially if you are unlucky enough to be on the lower floors. I would advise the owner and staff to try sleeping in their hotel to get a sense for the misery their customers must face. Dont be fooled by the (misleading) curb appeal and renovated lobby; there is absolutely ZERO comfort here. In fact, virtually everything seems to be intentionally designed to make a person want to leave the moment they arrive! Requested a quiet room with a view of Chinatown on a slow day and was given the 4th floor. Check-in was very slow and has a bizarre room contract, which among other things states that no parking service is provided; youre on your own finding a spot, and given the sketchy area, you will be facing a hike in finding a safe place. The hotel is surrounded by an unsavory blend of shady beggars, hardened inner-city youth and vagrants who camp out 24/7. With all the dark alleys and red light district nearby, walking alone at night would not be recommended here. Absolutely no functionality or practicality in the rooms here. Room itself resembles a hospital; concrete walls and ceiling (some painted, some not, much of it chipped), cold tiled floors that have been dusted but not thoroughly cleaned in weeks, coupled with a vague, musty smell. Only one (!) towel provided. One large, lumpy pillow. Sheets are dated, paper-thin and falling apart. Bed cover looks to be 30 years old. No alarm clock. Poor lighting. One small bar of soap provided. No information on hotel services (which are minimal, though I did find the neat patio on the 5th floor and PCs/washers/dryers and a foosball table on the 6th), no channel guide, no maps or magazines of Montreal etc. Tiny 1980s 13 no-name TV in far corner is unwatchable from the bed; thus can only be seen from the one hard, uncomfortable plastic chair. Total new value of all in-room furniture would be around $75; with economies of scale, Le 1 would have paid much less. Oddly, each room has a full-sized dishwasher for the ONE spoon, fork, knife, cup and bowl provided. In 2010, how remarkably environmentally unfriendly, not to mention illogical. Given the profound lack of comfort, you wont want to eat in your room anyways. No iron. No drawers for clothes. Mold and cracking tiles in bathtub. Arrived to a boiling-hot room set at 24 degrees, but quickly learned why. Upon setting it to a normal 21 degrees, the room was absolutely freezing at night, rendering the unit completely ineffective. Impractical translucent light beige blinds allow in 90% of the light, meaning your room will be bright and heating up quickly at the crack of dawn, and all south beds are arranged such that they directly face the sun. No eatery in the hotel, and nothing within the block. This is as basic and no-frills as a hotel gets. Lobby is very tight; if anyone is checking in or out, youll be dodging their bags to get to the one lone elevator that services 12 floors (notice the minimalist ONE of everything theme at Le 1?). Vibrant downtown nightlife is 15 blocks west, or a good 30-minute walk. At an average rate of $122, this is remarkably poor value for your money for what is essentially an uncomfortable hostel. I have a hard time figuring out why there are so many positive reviews here; from what I saw at Le 1, it would seem that many are backpacking/student/budget travelers with modest standards. My advice? Pay the extra $20-40 (yes, thats all, and in some cases less) and stay at one of Montreals many beautiful 3-4 star hotels.