I don't even know where to begin. We booked a room for 5 people and the room was so small, its smaller than your average size home bed room. There was 6 of us so it was extremely cramped. We paid an overpriced amount about $200 for one night. When we arrived to the hotel, the parking lot is horrible barely any parking spots they're all for the nearby restaurants, horrible conditions all torn up, there is an overflow lot about a block and a half away. Once we gathered all our belongings and headed up to the room, we stayed in room 3, we opened the door to a HORRIBLE odor, I didnt really even want to stay in the room due to the smell. There was beer caps in the ceiling light fixtures, I found a countless amount of empty condom wrappers and actually found a used one in the sheets of the bed, the bathroom door was broken clean off the hinges, the carpet was covered in stains and DAMP. We brought a bunch of food down so we wouldnt have to waste money on $8 chicken fingers, and the fridge smelled SO bad, and barely worked our sodas were warm, and the microwave didn't work, so all the TV dinners i had bought for the night went to waste. There wasn't any outlets to plug cell phone chargers into. The bathroom was so disgusting. It looked like no one ever cleaned it. The shower was covered in brown soap scum, and the water knobs were green and moldy. Which brings me to my biggest complain of a million, THERE WAS BLACK, GREEN AND GREY FUZZY MOLD GROWING on the walls, and ceiling of the room. The AC wasn't working so my buddy messed with it a bit to find out the whole AC filter was covered in mold. That's a huge health code violation. I actually did get physically ill from the mold in the room. There was balconies for the guests to share and use, out on the balcony there was piles of puke from drunken teenagers. They claimed the hotel was "non-smoking" when clearly thats all that goes on there, the ashtrays on the balcony looked like no one ever cleaned them. The plastic chairs were covered in dirt and bird feces. We checked out about an hour early, and went mini-golfing, and afterwards I had realized i had left my cell phone and debit card on the bed in the room. I called the hotel to ask them if they had found it and instead of saying "yes we found it" they had said "well theres room damage". So clearly right there it was very obvious that they held my belongings due to the conditions the room was in, which if anything was in worse condition when we got there than after we left. We went back to the hotel to try and find my stuff, and they were extremly rude to me. After the hotel managers son was complaining to me I had brought up all the things that were wrong with the room and he seemed offended and then actually started to use profanity at me. I threatened to call the police and the health department and he just got worse, he walked up into my face started screaming at me about the bathroom door that "we apparently broke" I even offered to pay for the crappy door just to get my belongings back, and he didnt care. As he was screaming at me in my face and cussing at me he was spitting all over me. These owners clearly do not know how to treat customers. I did not get my belongings back, so luckily my buddy let me borrow gas money to get back to PA. I strongly suggest staying in your vehicle before staying at The Royalton. The hotel is very tacky, faded old signs with rules that no one listens to and they dont enforce, one of the rules was no drinking out on the public balconies, or smoking and that was clearly all that was going on, and even when the hotel employees saw it, they didn't say one thing to any of the people. There's much more complaints that I have. I can't even think of everything. If you're thinking about staying at the Royalton, think again, take my word for it. It is not worth what you will be paying. you honestly are better off sleeping in your car. There is not one positive thing I have to say about this hotel besides the location. Horribly rude owners that do not seem to care about their customers, or business for that fact. Spend an extra $20 a night and stay somewhere else.