This hotel has a great reputation, but I was also very disappointed in the cleanliness and service when attending a national conference in March. The only positive was the location. I can honestly say every member of the hotel staff that I encountered (with the exception of the bellhops/doormen who were wonderful) was rude, uninterested and oozed a sense of superiority. From check-in to purchasing breakfast items, everyone made me feel as though I was a bother, rather than a professional attending a conference. My favorite incident was the service at a formal luncheon. A colleague and I arrived 10 minutes late for lunch because we were entertaining questions after giving a presentation (in a conference room that had a bathroom with a very loud flushing toilet, btw!). Soup had already been served, and the staff was rushing around the ballroom collecting soup plates, even though the other members of my party who WERE on time were not even 1/2 finished. When my fellow latecomer asked if her soup could be warmed, she was YELLED at. The quote was, "Well, if you arrived on time, you wouldn't have to worry about cold soup. Next time be on time - we don't have a way to warm your soup. There's no nearby microwave." CLASSIC. Managers were equally uninterested and rude when expressing these described problems. Our room was consistently dirty. Moreover, one morning when I called for an iron (the one in the room was broken), I was told that we couldn't have one for over an hour because "all the housekeeping staff is in a meeting until 9am". I questioned how it is possible that they do not have any housekeeping service between the hour of 8-9am, and no one could provide me with an answer. After 3 more polite, but persistent calls I received an iron. Another evening, we called and asked for an extra blanket because we had a cot and it only came with sheets and a blanket that was so over-used it was see through and about as thick as a 2-ply tissue. We were brought extra sheets and told there were no extra blankets - there is only 1 comforter per bed and comforters cannot be removed from unused rooms. No exceptions or additional accommodates are ever made for blankets. It was 12am, so we gave up after 2 phone calls and 1 visit. This is supposed to be one of the better hotels in Boston? I've received 10x the service at chains like Hampton Inn. This is certainly no way to run a business. If I had paid for this (rather than my company) I would have DEFINITELY found a way to be refunded or better yet, move to another hotel.