My girlfriend and I stayed at the Park Plaza last weekend to celebrate a special occasion. We had a reservation at Bonfire, the hotel downstairs, and a "deluxe" room at the hotel. Bonfire was excellent, and the hotel lobby and public areas are all nice enough. It's been pointed out that the place is a bit frayed around the edges, and I'd agree with that. For the most part, though, the place is nice, if dated. The problem is that the walls are paper thin and it seems like they're catering to rowdy, loud clientele. Around midnight the floor we were on, which was the eight floor, apparently turned into the party floor, with kids (late teens, early twenties) running around, yelling down the hallways, loud music, etc. It was like being in a college dorm We called the front desk and after some discussion were moved elsewhere. That seemed to solve the problem until around 3:00 in the morning, when something similar happened in the new room. I went downstairs to talk to the front desk in person, and was told that the noise was probably because the bars had just closed and that everyone was coming home. From what I could tell, a fight between drunken idiots had broken out diown the hall, and this guy was giving the "aw shucks, just people heading home after a night of fun" routine. He did point out that it could be worse with a "you should see the eight floor", which, of course, was where I started. Ultimately, a manager appeared and was at least apologetic about the whole thing. They also refunded the charge for the room, which I do give them credit for. I think the problem is that the weekend rates are pretty low, which attracts guests who wouldn't otherwise stay at a "luxury" hotel, the walls are too thin, and they don't really have adequate. I appreciated the manager taking care of the bill for the room, and he did seem like a good guy who was trying but just a bit overwhelmed, but all the same, we weren't looking for a free room, we were looking for someplace nice where we could enjoy our special occaion and that was totally ruined. I would definitely not go back nor would I recomment the hotel to others who place any value on peace and quiet.