My husband and I were "guests" in the Park Plaza hotel from 11/22/07--11/25/07. During our stay, we encountered the following unfortunate situations: 1) A gentleman on staff who decided that "Honey" was an appropriate way to address me. I am a 44 year old professional woman more accustomed to being addressed as Doctor, but Maam, Miss or even Lady would be preferable to Honey. 2) On our last night at the hotel, we had the unpleasant experience of encountering an extremely strong and pervasive odor of marijuana when we returned to our floor for the evening. 3) Adding to the overall experience of our last night in the hotel, I was awoken at 3:30 in the morning by a security guard slipping a piece of paper, with our checkout charges, under my door. Consequently, it took me quite a while to go back to sleep and I was exhausted in the morning for our trip home. 4) When I brought the issue of being rudely awoken to the attention of the front desk manager, I was told, "Oh, that was security how funny." 5) When we checked out, I brought this issue up again and asked if it would be possible to avoid having the charges slipped under my door, if we came back. The young woman who waited on us responded with a very hesitant "I guess" and then proceeded to argue the point of whether I had in reality been woken up in the first place. To say that her attitude was argumentative is to fall short of giving her shpiel justice. It is a rare experience in my life to have another person accuse me of lying, and, while the young woman's statements fell short of that particular accusation, it wasn't by much. 6) Despite being addressed in unfortunately familiar terms, surrounded by illicit drugs, woken up in the middle of the night, and accused of lying by the staff, we decided, as a matter of convenience, to make our reservations at checkout for our next trip in December. At this point, the same young woman in question informed us that there were no available rooms. In fact, according to her, the hotel was overbooked. However, when I returned home, I checked the validity of this statement. There are apparently a large variety of rooms available. Needless to say, we will by staying at the Hyatt down the street.