Two months ago, we wrote to Starwood in regards to a horrible stay at the Sheraton City Center Hotel, St. Louis. However, we decided to give Starwood hotels another try. So, we stayed at the Boston Park Plaza Hotel & Towers from July 14th to July 17th. It was a truly disappointing stay. Everything went wrong from check-in to check-out. When we checked in, we were given a room with a king bed. Since I was staying at the hotel with my elderly mother, sleeping in the same bed would not have been very appropriate. So we went down to the reception, to request a room change. The front desk agent wrote down something, and went to speak with someone. I thought this to be very rude. If you are going to involve more people, have them speak to us face to face. After a few minutes he came back. There was no room available. Very hard to believe, since the hotel has 920 rooms. Also, the room availability is shown on the computer, it is not necessary to speak with anyone. So we got a rollaway bed. After the bed was placed, there was no space left in the tiny room. Then the real trouble started. The air-conditioning unit in the room was broken. You could not control the temperature or stop it from working. Once again, we descended to the reception desk. When we came back to the hotel in the evening, we were truly disappointed. Instead of fixing the unit, they shut it down completely. The room went from being permanently freezing to being permanently hot. When I was brushing my teeth, I heard the women in the next room talking about the size of her butt cheeks. I almost vomited into the sink. When I just gotten into bed, I heard an employee in the hall, I aint going down to no basement, what the hell do you want with me were his words. In other words, we did not feel safe in the hotel on many occasions. At eight in the morning, the maid woke us up, then again at 8:30 and finally at 9:45. WOW!! When I finally got out of bed infuriated, I noticed that the room did not have a Do Not Disturb sign. Even Motel 6 has them. That evening we took a peace of paper and made a Do Not Disturb ourselves. Thank God that the maid did not try to barge in again. When we went down to breakfast that morning, we noticed that our homemade sign was replaced with a real one. The Do Not Disturb signs also hung on about 85% of the rooms in our hallway. Clearly our mistreatment was not an isolated incident. I would also like to comment on several smaller things which prove the low quality on the Boston Park Plaza hotel. When checking in, there were at least three bellman standing around doing nothing. They did not offer us they services, but watched the guests in the lobby for entertainment. The doorman never greeted us and certainly never opened the door for us. Every time that we called the elevator, we had no wait at least 10min. and ended up being crammed in with at least 8 other guests. All of these contributed to a repulsive stay. Overall, the Boston Park Plaza Hotel & Towers has the worst staff in Boston. We will never even consider staying at a Starwood Hotel, they are clearly not based on customer service.