i booked (and prepaid) the boston plaza by a german tour operator in connection with an indian summer tour last year. when i arrived at the hotel and presented my hotel voucher to the desk staff to check in i got informed that the hotel was overbooked and that i couldnt stay (exactly what you like to hear after a long distance flight and in jetlag-condition). unfortunately i had to be moved to another hotel to stay there for 4 nights, i got informed, (night 5 was included in the tour package so i could return for the 5th night to the boston plaza). arrangements had to be made to get me delivered to the holiday inn in peabody. while i was waiting about half an hour for the "arrangements to be made" i experienced a lot of other people arriving there receiving the same good news. finally, the desk manager, an extraordinary arrogant kind of a guy, informed me that a taxi was waiting outside to bring me to the holiday inn, peabody. taxi fare would be paid for by the boston plaza hotel (how generous !). i could return for the first night of my tour package booking by taking a taxi back from peabody to boston. i told him that i expected the boston plaza hotel to pay for my return fare as well but he just left me standing there and walked away. after about 20 minutes he returned to the reception desk, i was still standing there. meanwhile it obviously began to dawn on him that he could not get rid of me that easily. he came over to me and told me that they would pay for the return fare as well (the "alternative hotel" holiday inn peabody turned out to be a, well, holiday inn, 18 miles away from downtown boston at highway no. 1 situated in an industrial area without any subway connection to downtown boston. taxi fare one way was USD 68 !). after i had returned back to the boston plaza hotel i found hairs sticking at the bathroom tiles and in the sink. the only good thing about this hotel was the breakfast buffet. Stay away from the boston plaza, you surely find a better place in that price category.