I found it amazing that my company set me up in the Park Plaza hotel while being at a conference in Boston. I normally am placed in the Westin Copley, but they were booked up. I arrived at the hotel late on a Sunday night and the front desk was nothing but helpful. The lobby of the hotel was AMAZING! Looks like it has not changed since the hotel opened in the 1920s. I was shown to the beautiful brass elvators. I got a room on the 14th floor (love a room with a view) I was given room 1481. I entered into the room and my suitcase just about made it through the small hallway into my room. I entered into my room which was about the size of my bathroom at home. The room was roughly 90 degrees because someone had left the heater on. I shut the heater off and went to work. I came back and the room was freezing, it had gone from 90 degrees to about 40 degree so I started up the heater again. I sat on my bed (which was like sitting on cardboard) I am almost 6'3 and my feet were hanging off the side of the bed all night. The pillows were the type of pillows you find on your couch. I asked the front desk for new pillows and I was told that those are the only pillows they had. In the morning I took a shower. The shower was nice (it had two shower heads) but stepping out of the shower, you almost step into the toilet. The bathroom was VERY small. I had a glass of soda the night before and I left the glass on my nightstand for them to take it, they never did the four nights I was there. I also found that they do not vacuum the carpets either. All the furniture that my parents threw out from the 80s wound up at this hotel. Very very tacky I had called the front desk to find out when the gift shop would be closing and I called the front desk. I left the phone ring 15 times and no one picked up the phone. When I hung up, they called back and told me, we picked up and you hung up on me. I told them that the phone rang 15 times and they said "well we are a busy hotel you know" I slammed the phone down on them again. The night light in the bathroom is blinding and will keep you up until you get up and close the door. There are two shades on the window, but they are cut so poorly that the light still comes through. Also there are alot of people going through the halls at all hours of the night and they are very very loud. For the money that you will spend at this hotel, go to the Westin instead.