We (my husband, myself and my 2yr old daughter) stayed in this hotel while in the middle of a move to the city, waiting for our belongings to get to our new home.... It was a very annoying and disgruntling stay. First off, the hotel is INFESTED with MICE!!! We saw them multiple times including in our ROOM! When we called the front desk to complain/alert them, all they did was send an engineer with mouse traps. They barely said 'sorry'!!! It is obvious that they get many such complaints every day. The engineer said we could change rooms but it was night time and our daughter was already asleep, not to mention we'd been living there for a few days already and it would be awful to change rooms. We also aren't dumb and know if there's a mouse here, there's mice in other rooms, too. Housekeeping was a nightmare. We expected our trash to be emptied and our room refreshed (new toiletries, coffee, beds made) every day and atleast 2 or 3 days of our 6 day stay had us calling the front desk and demanding house keeping's attention. The hotel is loud- we could hear the jazz bar every night from our room. And don't even THINK about napping in the day because housekeeping hangs out in the hallways and flirts with engineering (no wonder the rooms are dirty and there are mice- no one is doing their job!) All this at a very expensive hotel. It felt like they nickle and dimed us every chance they could get- wireless internet ($10/day) parking ($30/day) early cancellation fee ($75).... even the coffee in the lobby was $2!!! A few pluses- the pool was great, nice hot tub. Great location (for us, anyway to get to the new house). Also, the lobby was beautiful with a sixteen floor skylight. My daughter loved watching the bank of 4 glass elevators go up and down up and down (sitting in the hallway doing this was when we saw our first mouse). There is an excellent restaurant in the hotel, but it's VERY expensive- $19 for the breakfast buffet!!! And room service is not only expensive but they charge you $3 for the delivery PLUS 15% gratuity PLUS meal tax. I've never encountered this in a hotel (charge for delivery plus charged gratuity). On the last note, we were told by 4 different people calling our room from outside lines that it was very inconvenient to try and get ahold of a room and that the front desk was always rude! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!