My wife and I traveled to Boston to help our son get settled prior to starting his graduate program at Harvard, and we stayed at the Doubletree Guest Suites from July 21 through 25. We selected this property because of its relative proximity to Harvard taking into consideration what other posters on this site have cited about its isolation. We thought that the hotels shuttle to/from Harvard Square would offset this disadvantage. Certainly one of the hotels assets is its view of the Charles River. Ours was a bi-level suite on the top floor facing the river. We never tired of watching the sculls glide past. This positive, however, could not possibly overcome the host of negatives we encountered with service. It began the moment we arrived with the frosty reception at the front desk. We should have known what was to come when we were greeted more as interlopers than guests. Other dealings with the front desk during our stay were equally borderline rude. Our breakfasts, though, are the source of the biggest horror stories. The restaurant staff enjoys engaging guests, that is, if you consider arguing a form of engagement. The first morning I went to the buffet to order an omelet. After looking at the list of possible ingredients I request a spinach omelet. The cook says he cant make one. I point to the list and tell him that it says he can. He argues that Im wrong so I walk away sans omelet. Day 2 arrives and I know omelets are a lost cause so I decide they cant mess up cereal. I go to the buffet for a box of cereal, but there are no bowls. The hostess is the only staffer I can find so I inform her of my need. She tells me the bowls are on the left-hand side of the buffet. I explain thats where I looked, and there are no bowls there. She counters that I did not look hard enough. In a stern tone I said I need a bowl. With a scowl she goes into the back returning with six bowls. What was priceless was her look of utter surprise when she got to the buffet and realized there actually were no bowls. One other thing about breakfast, dont expect to get more than one cup of coffee. On Day 1 we were promptly poured a cup when we sat down for breakfast. When we got up from the table 30 minutes later that was still the only cup of coffee we received. Day 2 was even more galling. We had the same waiter as Day 1 (short guy with white hair) so our expectations were tempered when we sat down and got our first cup. After 30 minutes the waiter comes up to our table with a pot, peers down at our empty cups then turns on his heels walking away with the pot. What happened on Day 3? We took a cab to Cambridge for breakfast. Apparently the acute coffee shortage has not struck there allowing us to enjoy several refills. There were other missteps in service, such as the ridiculous shuttle service to Harvard Square, that made this hotel an expensively miserable experience.