I was at the Fairmont Copley for a large conference this week-after staying at the Fairmont Hamilton Princess and having an awful experience I thought I would try again..one last time. I was promised by the reservation agent that I would have a wonderful stay at the Fairmont Copley. Well....reservations agents should not make promises. I have stayed there for four nights and have the following comments. I stayed in a duluxe double with a view of Copley Square. The only window in the very large room looked out over Copley was so small I could only see the Square when I was in the bed closest to that little window and leaned out to see. There was also a very large brown stain on the floor by a bed that had not been removed. They did just do a large renovation but the paint had already started to come off the ceiling above the shower curtain (that wouldn't fit around the whole shower ...brrrr) there are cracks in the paint around the crown moldings and the insides of the closet was old and tarnished from the wooden hangers hitting the wall a clothes were taken off. 1. Service: My resfreshment basket was totally empty for two days. On the third day the stocker came into my room while I was working on my laptop without knocking on the door and breezed into restock. At check out I noticed I had been charged very high amounts for the refreshment center though I had not used it (since there had been nothing in it). So either one of their employees is taking things and charging it to the customer, or the last customer who was there took everything from it when they left and then by the time the stocker came in to count what was missing a new customer (me) had been there for three days and was therefore charged! In some hotels I have seen a weighted system where as soon as someone grabs something from the basket or scale it will be changed to your room if not replaced within 60 seconds. (Wynn Hotel, Las Vegas) 2. On the last two nights of my stay a little mouse came right under my door (there is a two inch gap that allows hallway light or mice to get in) I called the front desk who seemed quite surprised and then a maintenence person decided to mosey on up a half and hour later. He then returned with traps with peanut butter and placed them next to my shoes in the closet and under the safe. So the mouse came back the next night to pay me a visit and didn't seem to pay the traps much bother. 3. Katie Copley the resident Black Lab does have a bit of an attitude (as reported in another one of your member surveys) and didn't really seem to care that I was trying to pet her. She just looked away. 4. Working in your room. I had a lot of work to be done which I thought could be done in the privacy of my room-yet during the day there seemed to be staff member after staff member coming in and out of the room (some not even knocking) like it was grand central. It was a very noisy environment to work in. The doors do not have spring hinges to keep the heavy OLD doors from slamming behind people as they come and go and the staff seem not to care about letting their customers sleep at night when noisy radios are blasting with security and housekeeping/staff are yelling back and forth to eachother in the hall while cleaning. 5. Compensation- I did complain about the mouse and the issue of the refreshment bar not being stocked, and me still getting charged for the whole basket and I was told that I would not be charged for the refreshment baskets, and would be given a nights stay and my phone calls would be taken off my bill. I felt this was nice. She also said that she would put me on preseidents level (which I think is open to all) so that was helpful and she was very pleasant. 6. As I have read comments from customer reviews and have stayed in now two Fairmonts (Hamilton Bermuda and Boston Copley and about to stay at the Queen Elizabeth in Montreal-but the reviews are awful) I am unsure as to whether or not I would be staying in a Fairmont again. There seems to be a constant problem with staff, customer service, cleanliness all for the amount of money people have to pay to be a part of a large and historic hotel company. The legacy aspect of this company seems to be lost in the big business of what seems to play a larger role in the Fairmont Legacy at this point. As big business becomes more and more important these days the historical legacy of an iconic hotel industry will soon be lost and it is the customers and the old hotels that are being forgotten.