Let me start by saying I am a frequent traveler and have stayed at locations from various hotel brands around the world. I also am a former Hilton Diamond Member. I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years, with the last stay having some major issues. The stay was so bad, Hilton sent a voucher to come again for a free nights stay. I let it expire and just recently decided to give the hotel a second try for a 9 night stay. Hotel Positives: Great location. Two blocks from Michigan Avenue, 1 block from State St. A grocery across the street, 1 1/2 blocks to Starbucks, and some fabulous restaurants within 3 blocks. Also, the red line is just out the front door for easy city transport. Hotel Negatives: Customer service, poor room cleaning, poor management. Before arriving, I called and told the manager that my last experience here was subpar and I was coming back and would like a smooth, stress free stay. The manager offered to honor the free night even though it was expired. Here is a snapshot of the stay: 1st night; Heater was broken and made a clanking noise every 26 seconds the whole night. 2nd day: The hotel had many key problems and issues. Enough to send apology letters out. 3rd day.....okay 4th day: Verbally insulted, lied to, and hung up on by April over a newspaper. Asked to speak with manager, she refused...said she couldn't leave a note for the manager unless she was told what about. Hung up on!! Spoke with manager about the matter, only to have him smirk and have very unprofessional demeanor. 5th day: the room was half cleaned. Arrived at night to a room with a dirty sink and toilet, no towels, dirty glasses, no toiletries. Called down and asked, and in return received towels, cups, and a bag of coffee/cream 6th day: Return to the room in evening to again find an uncleaned room. Towels were left on bed..not in bathroom. 7th day: okay 8th day; Room partially cleaned again. No towels again! 9th day: Went to check out and took the voucher down to be credited. Two managers had said they would be glad to honor it evn though it had expired. Gave it to Ronnie at the front desk, she said she would credit it. Two hours later, go to check out and notice it was never taken off. She then says it can't be used, even though 2 managers said they would take it. (It was their offer, not mine as I had said it was expired.....and only wanted a SMOOTH stay). Spend 1 hour arguing over the fact that they were renegging. Finally had to call Hilton Corporate, who then called the hotel and made them credit the voucher. After all this, never did get a formal apology and never heard from the GM....only shift managers. Very poor service. Yes, the location is great, but Embassy Suites is across the street (1 block) and Homewood Suites are 1 block as well. Stay at one of those