Dear TripAdvisor: You have put this hotel on your Travelers' Choice list but maybe you should rethink that decision. My husband wanted to surprise me for my 40th birthday by staying overnight in downtown Chicago. He booked a room for one night, Friday October 27th, and asked for a room on the top floor with the best view. We arrived early -at 11:00 a.m.- and were told the room wouldn't be ready until 3:00. They told us we could check in our bag and they would call our cell phone when the room was ready. We paid to check in the bag and left to do sightseeing and shopping. Although no one had called, we returned at 3:00 and retrieved our bag. The room was still not ready. Now we were told by the manager that the guests had paid to stay in the room until 5:00 p.m. so it wouldn't be ready until 6 p.m. by the time housekeeping cleaned it. They offered another room on a lower floor without the best view. I asked what the rate would be and was told it was the same. We looked at it. The view was disappointing. Since they were going to charge us the same rate we decided to wait for the better room we had originally been promised. We paid to check in our bag again. We spoke to the concierge for recommendations on where to kill some time until our room was ready. He gave us a card for a free appetizer at the hotel's adjoining restaurant, Water Street. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and appetizers- a flatbread pizza and 2 "sliders", items the bartender described as the special appetizers of the day. When we presented the coupon with our order she said she could not honor it for the flatbread because that "is not really an appetizer. It's just what we happen to be serving today." But she could apply it toward the sliders-$1 each. We told her to call the concierge next door. She spoke to him over the phone out of our earshot. She agreed to honor it for the flatbread but asked if we wanted the special one she had previously described or the one "with just the cheese." I was ready to go back to the hotel and return the "free" appetizer coupon if it was going to be that painful for them to honor it. We were done at the restaurant around 4:30. Feeling like we were wasting our day, we went out again. At 7:10 p.m. still no one had called us. We went back to the hotel and asked if our room was ready yet. The girl behind the desk looked confused. Yes it was ready. I asked why no one had called us. She had no answer. During this conversation, the manager was present and he also offered no explanation why we had not been called. Once we were finally in the room we felt we should have a late check out to make up for the time we had to wait. I called the desk and spoke with the same girl we had just checked in with. She informed me the latest we would be allowed to check out was 2:00 p.m. I told her that was not satisfactory since when we tried to check in earlier we were told late check out was at 3. She put me on hold, returned and said we could check out at 3. Finally in the room and unpacked, I attempt to take a shower and no soap! I called the desk again. Housekeeping arrived shortly with 4 bars! I'm not trying to get extra soap. I don't think one bar of soap is too much to ask. Everything about our stay at Hotel Monaco went wrong and it could have so easily been fixed with an apology or a reduced room rate. There was nothing special about this hotel that would make us return or recommend it.