HORRIBLE. Was first put into room 21-156. Reception said this was "upgrade, special large room". Room was large (huge actually), but totally bare except for bed, one arm-chair, small desk, and old small TV on a little dresser at distant far end of room. Room was barren, depressing, and dimly lit. Dirty carpet. Room had an strange wet bar alcove with an ugly partially dismantled sink. Wallpaper peeling, paint dirty, dim lighting. No amenities whatsoever- just two water glasses and an ice bucket. Small windows with view onto an air-shaft. Bathroom tiny, shabby, old, 1950s style, could barely get in the door. Nothing charming about this room - all just old and shabby. Last straw - sound proofing was so bad that I was woken at 6am by people talking in normal quiet voices next door - I could have easily joined their conversation. Complained the next morning and reception then moved me to 'modern' room 20-209 for second night. This room was tiny, old style TV, barely room for a bed, small dresser, and desk. I suppose it had been renovated, since style was 1970 instead of 1950. Dirty carpet, peeling wallpaper in bathroom. Single small window with 'view' of a hotel wall 50 feet away. At least it was quiet. By way of apology, reception gave me a $25 certificate usable only in hotel restaurant. Big deal - at least it paid for breakfast. Valet parking was $100 for two days! Rates not posted outside when I checked in, so this was total surprise and shock. Internet was wired and slow, for $19 a day. Elevators were incredibly slow - sometimes had to wait 5 minutes for one. My business associate was visiting from China and I'd hoped to show him a good Chicago experience. Palmer House was a big mistake. He had the same problem as I did with his room - he was first booked into a 'large' room, also found it barren and shabby, immediately asked to be moved to a 'better' room, which was small and shabby. As a Hilton Honors member, I've often been upgraded to the Executive Floor. Not possible this time since hotel was full. No great loss though - I peeked into the Exec "Breakfast Lounge" on the 23rd floor, and as far as I could see all they'd done was crowd some tables and chairs into the elevator lobby on that floor. Finally at checkout, they confused my associate's booking with someone else and only after some prompting did the front desk search their database to find and print the correct invoice for his expense report. Everyone at reception was nice and polite, but they were far from efficient. Yes, the lobby is impressive, so maybe nice to stop in and see this place as a tourist attraction. But as a hotel to stay in, forget it. Rooms are Motel 6 quality at a premium price. Yes, it's a 'good location' near Millenneum Park, Mag Mile, etc, but there are a dozen other hotels in the same area. PS. I provided exactly this same information in an online Hilton survey. Next week I did get a call from someone in the Palmer House Maintenance Department (maintenance? this place needs a major remodeling). He offered my a free one-night stay, which I declined (why would I want to repeat this miserable experience) and then offered 50,000 points, worth one free night at another Hilton property. At least they listened and made a small attempt at rectification.