I have 2+ million miles flying, hundreds of hotels, thousands of nights, 30 reviews on this site and even 8 different ones in Chicago. As far as the developed world goes this is up there with the worst managed hotel. Not the worst hotel, it has a beautiful lobby, nice people but the worst managed. So if you get your room cheap - which means under $130 a night you might want to stay here. Otherwise you will not get what you pay for. First impression, 18 minutes in the Hilton Honors line to check in at 8PM on a Saturday night. Imagine what it is like on Monday. First room 12X15 and this is in an upgraded room I measured. The others are smaller. No toilet paper, no tissues, all of the lamps unplugged, pealing wall paper and pealing plaster in the spaces between the wall paper. Then the pipes began to scream and bang. Called the desk asked to send up an engineer they sent a security guard for the screaming. Explained the issue called the desk, they said there was no problem. Started again 30 minutes later so I held up the phone this time and they said they could hear it through the phone but would send a plumber. He came said of course he knew it happened it was old pipes. Called the desk a fourth time put him on and they said the onl king room was on the executive floor but I would have to pay for. I said fine. Went to put my suit in the closet. This is not a lie the closet was narrower than my coat hanger. Then went to use the TV. Did not work they sent a repair person. Then went to use the wireless. They said you need to come down to the front desk - waited 15 minutes - to get an old bridge, leave a $200 deposit, went back plugged it in nothing. Wireless only works with a bridge, get one when you check in. Called down the sixth time in 12 hours and they did not have any engineers working Sunday sent a bellman with a new bridge. The internet did not work in the room because the plug was torn out from the wall. Called down a 7th time in 12.5 hours and they said they would find me another king. They would find me a work room in the mean time. Sent a bellman he told me he was there to move me to a single - the old 12X16. I said no. I took the key went here and now am online and decided to write. Can't wait for the next 3.5 days. Check your room before you agree to make sure it is OK. BTW when I complained around call number 5 the desk person said they were sorry they did not know how the hotel had 4 stars when the Hampton Inn around the corner was better set up with better rooms and services. Another desk person said they have been complaining for years but Hilton will not put any money into the hotel. You have been warned.