Let me start by saying that I did not have a choice but to stay here and that as a Hilton Silver member I had some expectation of a reasonably good reception. My 3 day business meeting was in the hotel and it would have been a hassle to stay elsewhere. Retrospectively I wish I had. Silver membership be damned. First warning should have been enough. Upon checking in at 12:15 pm, I was told that yes, rooms were available but that the hotel policy was to charge $25 for check in before 1 pm. That was a new one for me and I do travel around the county about 2 months of the year. I politely declined even though I felt like by responding with a few choice words. While I was patiently waiting for the 45mns to elapse in the lobby, I had to fend off 3 different bell boys who kindly offered to put my carry on in storage for a fee of course. Checking in at 1.01pm I was informed that a king size bedroom was not available. Hmm, I guess all the other guests either paid way more than I did or had a least a gold or platinum club level. Room was passably clean, spacious enough, view on a brick wall. No coffee maker ! Even the seediest motel provide those nowadays. Gym was only accessible through the spa at a hefty fee. Pool was closed although it was already warm enough but I suspect access would have been for a fee. Self park was $35 a day, $51 valet. Good job I did not bring a car! Of course, wireless internet or LAN for a fee. If you request directions to the business center you will be directed to the one on the street level which is very pricey. No one will tell you about the self serve business center on the 7th floor which although far from free will allow you to save around 75% on what you want to do. Phone charges were outrageous. Thank god for cell phones but usually you are allowed to call local numbers or 1800 numbers for free at least for a short period of time. Not here! $1.50 connection fee then 10c a minute after 60 mns Also, strangely enough the hotel Starbucks was about 15% more expensive than the one down the street Location is NOT great by the way, hotel is pretty far from everything except for the Bank of America theater. It is not even on North Michigan Avenue. If you can, save yourself the aggravation and stay somewhere else eg: at the Embassy Suites a few blocks down the road and enjoy a much better location and many more free amenities and perks. Vote with your feet and those hotels will stop treating us like cash cows.