My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House for seven nights during the Thanksgiving holiday. Let me point out that Hilton no longer owns the Palmer House - a New York outfit bought it a couple of years ago. They're undergoing a huge $150 million renovation and the "Chicago" charm is being killed off in favor of "New York-New York!!" No offense, but if I want to go to New York City, I'll go. I have stayed at the Palmer House dozens of times in the last 40 years. The last time prior to this visit was in 2004. We decided to give the Palmer House one more try. While the 2004 visit certainly lacked lustre, this visit was awful! I remember the graciousness of the hotel. Seeing all the staff happy and better yet, happy to see you! Now - we got the distinct impression we were a bother. The bellmen (and I use the term loosely) look at you when you walk it like you're cramping their style. We saw older guests lugging their cases up the steps, while the "bellmen" yacked on with eachother!! In the entire week we were there, no one opened the door for us - no one greeted us. Shame on these new owners. Don't they know the first thing about customer service? First impressions? Evidently not. The first room they gave us had a terrible stagnant water smell coming from the bathroom drains. It was horrible and kept us up at night. Furthermore, the carpet had not been vacuumed and the bathroom floor and mirrors were not clean. We had to call housekeeping three times. Each time they would come, they didn't correct the problems! We gave up. We tried to change rooms but were told the "We're completely sold out..." line. We made our reservations for this trip in July!! We're Hilton Honors members - who cares! Anyway, the next day, we changed rooms and while the room was better, we still experienced problems with water, for instance, on two mornings, the water ran brown with silt! Not good. The restaurant "Lockwood" did not open until Thanksgiving Day, despite being advertised as opening weeks before. We made reservations there for dinner several weeks prior. I must say, the retaurant is terrible!! The whole layout stinks! The ceilings are far too low, the tables are bare, no table cloths, no flowers, no candles. Stark. The flow of the restaurant is tangled at best. No one knows which way to go while making their way to the buffet, which is situated at the far end of the long and narrow restaurant. It's a zig-zig game getting to and from. Not only that, but we ate there for breakfast each morning (simply because our rate included it) and the congestion at the buffet and lack of service was miserable. There are plenty of waiters hanging about, but I don't think the manager has told them what to do yet!! No salt and pepper shakers and silverware one morning. No coffee the next morning. Funny enough, we spoke to the manager of the restaurant and he admitted to us that the restauarnt had been designed by people who had no restaurant planning experience!! No kidding. I'd avoid this place. To think the hotel closed the wonderful French Quarter Restaurant and opened this??!! Unforgivable!! One more thing about this restaurant. The weird music choice. Who wants to hear Janice Joplin while eating Thanksgiving Dinner - or any other time for that matter!! The music was awful. Rap, New Age, Rock, ect. The manager said they were playing the staff's CD's. Wwhhhhaaat??? For a good restaurant, try Petterino's, The South Water Kitchen (WONDERFUL!!) and Harry Caray's. There's also a Corner Bakery that serves good coffee, sandwiches and pastries. Lastly, the decor is no longer tasteful. The lobby looks awful with a bar sticking out in the middle and massive yellow chairs obstructing the once lovely view. There are people guzzling drinks and half eaten plates of food cluttering up tables - in the lobby!! Dreadful. No relaxation there at all anymore. You cannot even walk through it. It's a circus. The carpet choice on the floors we were on 21 and then 15 is hideous! I describe at as the "stone-out peacock of pinball wizardry". I have a feeling Potter Palmer would flip if he saw this mess! What are these new owners thinking??? A staff member told us the new owners also bought the old Carson Pirie Scott building directly across the street, which closed in February. I shutter to think..... Well, with Marshall Field's selling out to Macy's, Carson's closed the Berghoff Restaurant closed, Trader Vic's closed and now the Palmer House in complete shambles...... Chicago is sinking fast. We sure hate to see it go..... What's next, are they going to raze Wrigley Field now? They seem to be the last man standing. Good-bye Chicago. We did decide on one thing. No more Hilton Hotels for us. Even though Hilton no longer owns the Palmer House, their name is still attached. We're sticking with Marriott, who is fabulous. (We made the switch after our Palmer House trip three years ago) There are plenty of hotel choices in Chicago. We stayed at the Marriott Renaissance last year and it was great. If we ever get up the nerve to come back to Chicago, that's where we'll be staying.