Upon arrival at the check in valet, which was a cramped area we did not find the valet folks on post, we had to unload our own luggage, once that was done they showed up, hand out looking for a tip. We were assigned room 904 in the south tower. The hall was narrow with carpet that could easly be tripped over. The room was a filthy mess. I took a hand towel and ran it across the night stand, it was disgusting. I called the front desk asking for a room change, they would not accomidate, so I went there in person. We finally were assigned room 1076 in the north tower. The room was a bit cleaner, at least we felt like we could take our shoes off and set belonging out. The bathroom was disgusting. Mold on the floor and shower grout, stains on the counter and a shower head from 1982 that sprayed the walls more than it did me. The drain was so slow that no matter how fast you showered you were standing ankle deep in dirty water. There was no mini fridge, They wanted to charge $10 per night, I informed them I am a HiltonHonors member, they relented and gave us one. There is no WiFi on the rooms. I cannot believe a Hilton does not have WiFi. Stupid, stupid, stupid. The TV's chanels were half out. We called down three times over two days to get it working. Upon check in I was offered breakfast certtificates or HiltonHonor points. I chose the certificates. Theye were to be slid under the door the first morning. No show. Called Guest Services 'we are so sorry, first I have heard it it' she said. Second morning, same thing. I asked for a manager. The front desk manager called. First she had heard of it too. I asked if they have a log book. Sure she said. I suggested she take a look. hird morning same issue. I will say eveeryone is nice, not attitudes. But it appears these folks have received no training from management. Or if they did a refresher course needs to be given. There are many maintenance issues in this hotel. The revolving door in the north tower valet is broken. Sand and dirt are every where in this hotel. It would help if they had a foot shower coming in from the beach to the north tower, that may help. The carpets in the halls are stained really bad. The tile on the main floor look like they have not be polished in months. One day we came back from tjhe beach to our room at three. It had not been serviced, the do not disturd sign was not on the door. We tiook showers and called the front desk when we left at five. They said someone knocked and we told them not to clean the room or leave fresh towels. On the second day I left a message for the manager, he was not in the building, with the front desk manager. We never heard from him. I will bet he responds to this post. I would suggest you contact me direct, as you have my contact info. Want to see my photos of the room and disgusting house keeping? Let me know. Now, you may ask why did I stay there and not check out and go to the Hampton Inn up the street? I prepaid for the rooms, they would not refund them to me. We booked this hotel thinking they would be better than the Hampton, boy were we wrong. Folks, don't bother staying at this Hilton. We were really disapointed due to having just left the Hilton in Orlando earlier that same week. There is no compairison. If you did not see the names on the hotels, you would never in a million years say they were the same brand of hotel. Corporate, I hope you are reading this and do something about it.