Since our convention was held at the Ocean Center Daytona Beach, my best friend and I decided to stay in Hilton for 14 nights and 15 days, from the end of January towards the beginning of February. Let's start with the good parts of this Hilton first: - check in was easy and smooth We had our room pretty quick. - location is admirable There are many shops and restaurants within half a mile. - pleasing sight of the ocean Our room was on the 9th floor and we had clear view of the beach. We'd leave the sliding door open at night to hear the ocean waves sing us a soothing lullaby. Precious! - the staff is polite and helpful that includes the servers in the restaurants within the hotel, bellhop, housekeeping personnel, but not the front desk and the rest of the management team Now the unpleasant side: - billing troubles Five days into our stay, the hotel gave us an invoice with charges for daily parking when in fact, we only parked our rental car overnight since we drove from MCO to Hilton. We returned the car to Budget at DAB after 24 hours of renting it. Hilton took a few days before they finally cleared us of the unnecessary parking fees. I won't write a lengthy story about all the other holds that they have done in my card and my best friend's card but it's enough for everyone to know that my best friend had to seek the management everyday for three days to lift the hold that they repeatedly put on his card. Even after checking out and paying the full amount, it took another one full week until the hold that they put in the middle of our stay in my credit card has been lifted completely. The business center doesn't seem to be a part of this Hilton either. The hotel directs all packages to the business center and it charges a little amount to a package, the fee varies on the weight and size of the box. I had a 1.5-pound pair of shoes shipped from Amazon and the business center charged me $3 when I picked it up from them after an hour of its delivery. Also, my best friend and I informed Hilton that instead of checking out on February 5, we would check out on February 4. We gave them that notice on January 29 and in response, they told us that they would charge us $50 for early check-out. After a few days of negotiation, they finally agreed to waive the $50 on the very day of our check-out. I understand the fees for state tax and county occupancy tax but the Hilton itself adds so many other charges on top of things. It's not like their rooms look very good. - insufferable restaurants within the hotel Restaurants in Daytona Beach are generally not good at all but Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse, Legends Sports Bar, Doc Bales' Grill just make things worse. In life, there's food that looks appetizing but tastes terrible and there's food that has unlikely presentation that tastes delicious. Yet, those three restaurants in the Hilton serve food that neither look appetizing nor taste well. I don't mind paying for food as long as it's very much worth my money. I live in CA and I know what good food really is. The servers in Doc Bales' are a friendly bunch though. - pool for display only If the main pool wouldn't be heated, why not drain it? It's pretty useless. - old gym equipment Our local YMCA does so much better than their gym. - room is substandard No blanket ever, just a thin sheet and very old comforter. Same size pillows, very tiny and uncomfy. Cleaning lady comes to clean but sometimes puts stained towels. Really gross linen. The tub has some sort of stain which looks like rust but cannot be removed. Trash bins are too tiny. No fridge or microwave. Summary I don't mind paying well as long as I receive what my money is worth for. Clearly, this Hilton is a waste of everything, except for its location. I've never stayed in a hotel as terrible as this one and obviously, I have no wish to come back, nor do I recommend this to anybody. Just do your homework and check out other places to stay if you really have to be in Daytona Beach for an important reason. Otherwise, just avoid Daytona Beach all together if you are thinking of vacation. Probably for spring breakers, this Hilton or the Daytona Beach area would pass well.