I am not the pickiest traveler, but my stay here couldnt have been worse. First, the hotel is nowhere near a 3.5 stars. The lobby is okay, but the rooms are dated and old. The beds, pillows, and bedspread should have been retired years ago. The towels were old and scratchy. The 20 tube television was terrible. There was no WiFi access whatsoever  free or otherwise. The crib they provided for my toddler looked like it was 30+ years old. I could have looked past all that had I all the other stuff not happened. First, the parking there is a joke. You will have your choice between paying $17 a night for valet parking or paying $9 a night to park nearly across A1A at a lot nearly 1.5 block away from the hotel. Since the lot wasnt guarded and we have luggage, I opted for the valet. In others words, with a tip, I was paying more than $20 a night to park my car in Daytona Beach. Are you kidding me? Next, the weekend we stayed the hotel was hosting some sort of middle-school football tournament. As a result there were hundreds of unsupervised 13 to 14 years running amuck throughout the hotel. It was like Spring Break for the prepubescent. I can understand that the hotels need to make their revenue and were going to turn away the heard of unruly kids. However, what irks me and all the other guests is the hotel apparently made no efforts to control the kids (and neither did their chaperones). My kids were repeatedly awoken by teenagers yelling in the halls and slamming doors. My calls to the front desk did nothing to lessen the noise. When I was checking out, there were at half a dozen guest complaining about the young football players. Clearly, we were the only ones unhappy with the situation. It was a nightmare for anyone not affiliated with the football tournament. But, it gets worse. Someone (presumably housing keeping) stole my kids toy trains. My collects Thomas diecast toy trains. These trains retail for between $6.99 and $7.99. Unfortunately, while we were gone during the day, six of the seven trains we brought with us disappeared. I complained to the front desk who seemed completely disinterested in the theft. I actually had to threaten to report the theft to police (I asked the front desk to dial police) before they would even notify hotel security. While the front desk crews seem disinterested, at least the hotel security manager seemed to take the theft seriously. Still, I was offered no reimbursement whatsoever. So, my advice is to stay far away from this hotel. Disregard the star rating  its nowhere near a 3.5 star. If you absolutely have to stay in this hotel, then safeguard your kids toys (and obviously any valuables).