During Spring Break, my mother and I were taking a trip down the coast of Florida in order to visit a college I had been accepted into, Stetson University. We had booked a Holiday Inn Express near the university (which is a bit inland) for the weekend in case we could not find a suitable hotel along the coast. We decided midway through our drive that we wanted to spend a night on a beachside hotel, so we called the Hilton 1-800 number and booked two nights in this hotel. We agreed that although we had not seen the hotel, we knew we could depend upon the Hilton name and quality. We could not have been more wrong. When we arrived at the hotel, the entrance to the hotel was crammed with cars and people. It took about 3 minutes to be noticed by the valet because there were so many people trying to leave the tightly packed driveway. When we were able to speak to someone from the valet, they informed us that we were at the wrong tower to check in and that we had to travel further down the road to the other tower. An understandable request, although the entrance was hardly noticeable when traveling down the busy road that was filled with cars and pedestrians that would jaywalk whenever they pleased. After finally getting to the correct tower, we went to the check-in counter and were given our keys and told that we had to go back to the other tower. When we asked about parking, we were told that we could either park across the highway or we could use their valet for a fee. We decided that valet was the safer choice, even though the valet driveways were a confusing disaster. When we reached our room, my mother and I were disgusted, to say the least. The room looked dirty and very worn. The bathroom looked dirty, the windows were covered with fingerprints, and our blankets had gum all over them. When you opened the door to the "balcony" (which is really just a concrete step with railing), there were cigarette ashes covering the rails. The room looked as though it had not been truly cleaned in a decade. My mother and I decided that we were not going to feel clean sleeping in the rooms, so we called the lobby and complained that the room was just not up to par with Hilton's standards. The lady who answered asked us if our view was bad, and we replied that the view was fine (Oceanfront, 11th floor). She told us that she would move us to another room on 7th floor. When we asked her if the room was better than the one we were in, she replied that the hallways were better. She said she would send someone up to trade keys for our new room. When the lady arrived with our new keys she said with a laugh "Here are your keys for your new room. I guess the room's view is more...southerly." We were not sure what she meant, but the sarcasm in her voice was very noticeable and we gave her a nervous laugh and traded our keys. When we got to the new room, it was almost exactly the same. The only difference was that there were no ashes on the balcony, no gum on the bed, and hairs littered throughout the bathroom. The hairs (which were definitely not from anyone's head) were stuck on the toilet and in the soap holder, and my mother and I decided that we would not be taking our shoes off when walking in the hotel. In the middle of our inspection of the new room, a maid, without knocking, entered the room and quickly apologized that she didn't think anyone was in there. We explained that we had just been switched here, so it was no problem. She asked if there was anything that we needed and we explained that we didn't have a room service menu. She said that she would be back with one right away. While my mother and I waited, we decided we would stay in the hotel for the night, but cancel the next day's stay there. We called the front desk and cancelled, and also requested that someone bring up a room service menu. The person who answered did not seem to believe that we had not been supplied a menu and kept asking if we were SURE there was not one there. We had searched the entire room by this point, and had discovered previous guests' trash in the drawers, but had found no menu. The lady said she would ask the Room Service Department to send someone up right away. After 40 minutes from when we had asked the maid to bring a menu, and about 30 minutes from when we had called the front desk, we decided to directly call Room Service for a menu. Perhaps the best service of the entire hotel, we got the menu in 10 minutes. We decided that we would not risk the room service, as it was obvious that the hotel was not exactly clean and the choices were not what we had wanted. We decided that we would try the hotel's restaurant, Hyde Park. This was the worst dining experience I have ever had. Usually I am a very good tipper and I do not require very much attention when I dine out. But NEVER I have been completely ignored before. Our waiter would only talk to my mother. He would never look at me, nor did he ever talk to me unless I asked him something directly. For example, when my mother ordered a glass of wine, I had to stop him from leaving in order to order my drink. Not only was the service terrible, but also my food was not edible. One of my favorite things to eat is seafood, so I ordered a dish that had scallops and shrimp served in a lemon sauce. When I received my food, the scallops were so overcooked that they were rubbery and inedible. The shrimp were also overcooked, but the sauce saved them and I ate them. The mashed potatoes that I ordered as a side were delicious and the only thing that I would recommend to anyone. All in all, my experiences at the Hilton at Daytona Beach and the Hyde Park restaurant were HORRIBLE. I would recommend the Hilton to Spring Breakers had the prices not been so insanely high. This hotel is dirty and the service is horrible.