My husband and I travel a lot and have never felt the need to right a bad review until now. Our first mistake was letting ourselves get lured to Florida by a travel club whereas we had to visit 3 locations in Florida; one of them being Daytona. This is the hotel that we HAD to stay at. After waiting a few hours to get checked in, we finally made it to our room to find it pretty shabby. It looks more like a dorm room, with rusty old microwave and bar frig but we thought it is only for 2 nights - how bad could it be? After finding all kinds of junk on the carpet, including a pill, we headed down to the pool to try to relax before going to dinner. The pool area is pretty basic and after sitting there for awhile, I went into our beach bag to find it soaking wet. I thought it might have been my water bottle leaking but it was actually coming up out of the ground. Not quite sure what it was that was coming out of the ground, just hoping it was only water. When we went back to the room to get ready for dinner, we were going to shower until we saw how utterly disgusting it was. The floor of the tub is totally black and they tried to cover it up with a bath mat. The tiles and grout have been painted numerous times with different tints of paint, probably trying to disguise mold and mildew. No way were we going to shower in there. The walls and doors have all been damaged and instead of fixing them properly, they are just patched with paint (that doesn't even match) slapped over it. After managing to get somewhat freshened up, we headed out to find somewhere to eat. After asking at reception for some recommendations, we still had no idea what was good in the area. We figured there must be something within walking distance so headed north. After a few minutes, we felt very unsafe and turned around. We finally came upon The Oyster Bar which looked like it was ok. After dinner we headed back to the hotel and thought we would sit on the balcony and enjoy a drink while looking over the ocean. As soon as we stepped onto the balcony, our feet stuck to the ground. It seems that many of the spring breakers can't figure out how to get over the raised edge without spilling their drinks and the cleaning staff doesn't seem to clean out there or even the doors for that matter. You couldn't see out of them as they were totally covered with finger marks and god knows what else. We figured we might as well head to bed as we had to go to the presentation early in the morning. After about 2 hours of restless sleep, I awoke to scratching my legs. We had checked the bed quickly for bed bugs when we first checked in but didn't notice any. Obviously, we missed them because my legs were covered in bites. Not being able to get back to sleep, I was checking for other hotels to stay in for the next night until I was so exhausted I fell back to sleep until being woken up by 3 rounds of spring breakers coming in around 5:00 am hooting and hollering. I didn't care what we had to do, we were not staying there another night. When we told the travel club that we refused to stay there another night, they were gracious enough to have us moved to the hotel next door, The Plaza Resort and Spa but we had to pay an extra $30. At that point, I would have paid anything. Unless you are strictly there to party and don't care where you sleep, I would stay away from this place.