I am a Gold VIP member of the Hilton Honors program. I travel about 40 nights a year for my job so when my son and his friend needed to attend a conference for college in Indianapolis I booked them at this Hampton Inn. Because it's downtown you have to pay for Valet Parking ($14.00/night) which was fine. But apparently at 2:30 am some "unknown" person "illegally" parked in their secure valet garage and backed into my son's car causing over $1000 worth of damage to the driver's side fender and door. You had to really pull hard to even get the driver's door to open so he could get into it and get home. This car is his only means of transportation, his college is 2.5 hours from home and 5.5 hours from Indy. The hotel filed a police report and called my son's phone and left him a message that there had been an incident. Initially they sounded like they would make sure the repairs were taken care. However, once my son left the facility (and was still charged the $14 parking fee) it was nearly impossible to get someone to call us back to try and make arrangements for the repairs. After several attemps I finally reached the manager and he said that if I faxed over the estimate from the body shop that he would have us taken care of by their insurance and they would work on getting reimbursed by this "third party"...a week went by and I didn't hear anything. Then I get a call from their insurance agent and she was extremely rude, condescending and basically called me a liar because they had no intention of paying for the repairs and didn't know why the manager would tell me that!!! I have no information on who this other "third party" is - no insurance information from them or a name, nothing. The insurance agent said I would just have to report it to my own insurance (causing my rates to go up for having a claim) or call the police department to see if I could find any information on this other person. I was furious!!! I have attempted to reach the hotel manager again but of course he won't respond to emails or phone calls so I want to spread the word about what they have (or in this case haven't) done and I also let the corporate offices know that Hilton hotels will no longer be my choice of accomodations when traveling.