We went to this Hotel on 7/14/10- 7/16/10 for our 41st Anniversary and checked in and was told there was no smoking rooms after we had requested a smoking room, I even called ahead to see if they had smoking rooms and was told that they did have them. Was told by the check in clerk they are a none smoking Hotel. The rooms are terrible the bath tub looked like it was stained into the tub, the casino does not have a good choice of playing machine unless u like poker or 1 cent machines. I was willing to forgive all that until our last day when I tried to get a cup of coffee while at a machine and was told by the waitress "That is not my section and do not touch me" all I did was tap her on the shoulder to get her attention. Went and talked to a manager about this and was told by him "They just woke up and may be a little cranky that's just the way it is". We spent a lot of money there, we booked through Allegiant's Air. I don't mind the none smoking but let me know before hand and give me the option to get a smoking hotel, I feel like they decieved us to get the business and to make you come down stairs to smoke so you will play the machines, and that is wrong. No place to sit and smoke and it's too hot outside.I give the Sub Shop there a A+ the only good experince I had there the ladies was nice. The food in the Resturant was not good but the service was OK. Oh yes the sink in the bath room made a bubbling sound like waterr draining all night, the air did work and the bed seem clean, the room smelled musty, a little air febreze goes a long way.Bottom line I wa so unhappy. So the El Cortez for me you get an F-- You need to change the way your Hotel is ran, and be honest with people up front, and stop lying to get the business. If the workers don't like their job then GET ANOTHER ONE BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT GOOD WITH THE PUBLIC. One other waitress was also rude when I moved to another machine she told me when I tried to get a cup of coffee or some water to take my meds "I just left there and I have to do my up stairs area". Well she never came to me and I was sitting and playing at a machine. So I went to the Sub Shop and bought a cup of water to take my meds I am glad I did not have a real bad medical problem because I would have not been able to take my meds. "Just thought you would like to know how we was treated while we was there." I am 59 yrs old and my husband is 60 yrs old and a retiered Air Force serviceman have traveled the world and never seen service like this. Would like to here from some one. Thanks Bob & Bea Arnold VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMERS.