When I told the cab driver where I was staying, he did a double take. That should have been my warning but since I had no where else to go, I was stuck. To say this place is tired is an understatement. Upon entering, it took me about 10 minutes to locate the 'front desk'...which is little more than a recessed kiosk. I got to the elevator and into my room. The room was cavernous...very large and covered in old stained pink carpeting. The doors rattled and the lock didn't seem secure. At night, I wedged a chair against the door for added protection. This was a huge room but the sparse furniture in the room was all set around the walls and made the room uncomfortably large. The bed was set against one wall and the small tv was set all the way across the room on an old dresser. It was so far away, the remote didn't work unless I got out of bed and walked up a few feet. The casino itself is old...old...old. Carpeting is old, stained and tired. Much like the elephant's graveyard, I truly believe this is where gamblers to go die. I played some texas hold 'em there and true to some of the 'press' the owner sat down and played with us. He was a nice enough guy but has some serious health problems and drank himself into a stupor while playing. The drink lady obviously knew him well and had been there for years. She was visibly concerned about his health and questioned his drinking...which just aggrevated the owner. It was not a pleasant scene and was actually depressing. The owner eventually staggered away. While at the table, I struck up a conversation with the guy next to me. We were having a pleasant conversation and this particular dealer ragged on us incessantly about 'table talking'. I like social games and that's half the fun but this guy ragged us to the point that we quit tipping him. The other guy eventually told the dealer to go ---- himself and left and I followed suit. The casino is a block off from the Fremont Street Experience and block you have to cross is a concern. The cab driver warned me not to be out at night in that area. He said there were a lot of crack heads and they were known to mug people. I ended up playing downtown a lot but made my way back before dark each evening. Careful Kitty's is ok. It's an old diner. Food was alright and the service was friendly. There were lots of old tired-looking people hanging around who appeared to have health related problems. I'm truly sorry for these people but I was there to have fun and it was just depressing. I went back there once with my girlfriend to show her the place. She couldn't believe I actually stayed there. She played some slots and then said that the place 'creeped' her out and she wanted to leave NOW... I'll stay downtown anytime and actually prefer it to the strip but I'll never make this mistake again. The room was cheap but I paid a much higher price by sacrificing my enjoyment. I've been to Vegas many times and this was, by far, the worse experience I've ever had.