I stayed there for a week with my daughter, no pool, no deals for staying there for my duration and there were no types of kids specials for my 9 year old. I had a coupon for buy one meal, get the other at 50% off. I had to pay for an adult meal for my daughter, but couldn't use the coupon, because she wasn't 21 years old. Was it because there was alcohol served? No, she wasn't 21 years old, so the coupon didn't apply to her, but I still had to pay adult price for her, right, no thanks. We never at there for the whole week. Needed a refrigerator, wasn't enough plugs in the hotel room for phone charging, computer hookup, lights, tv, clock and refrigerator. We had to unplug a couple items. Last day leaving and I needed to use cart to carry luggage to my car. Went downstairs to front desk and asked may I use the cart. The Rep at the counter said that the Bellhop would be right back, they are understaffed today (even though it's 4th of July weekend?). I stated that I was in a hurry, the Rep stated that for insurance reasons that guests aren't allowed to use the carts without a Bellhop, they are paid for assist guests in that way. I completely understand, but I couldn't wait, so I just brought everything down myself. I had 2 luggages for each my daughter and I, our laptop bags (2), bag of food (1 big bag), gifts we bought, purses, we had a total of probably about 10 bags. Got downstairs, had everything in front of the elevator. Bellhop and Rep behind the counter watched me bring everything out of the elevator. I went to the front desk again in front of the Bellhop and asked could I use the cart again. Now, I would think that someone looking at a woman and a girl bring 10 bags out of the elevator would bring the cart over (mind you there were no customers at this time) and just assist them in loading the cart and taking it to my car. I assumed wrong. Once again, the Rep said that I cannot let you use the cart without the Bellhop, but the Bellhop just stood there and stared at me. I said, 'you see my things there.' He said again, we can't let you use it for insurance reasons. Then the Bellhop says, 'You can't use my cart without me." I just looked at them both and I was about to say, "Do I need to ask?", but then I stopped and just began picking my things up and taking them to me car myself. The Valet helped me place my bags in my car. I went back to speak to the Rep, but by then he had a customer. So I gave the Valet a $20 tip. For doing his job and the Bellhop's job (according to the insurance provision said the Rep behind the counter). I will never stay there again and I will recommend not staying there if you have any children, if you expect courtesy, initiative, respect, and to not have to get on your hands and knees and beg for help.