On my only stay at Hotel Bel Air, I was extremely disappointed. I had written a hard copy letter to the general manager's attention, but I never received a response. My first disappointment was that my room was in bad shape. It was old and in need of updating, and the heater was loud and did not work well. I spent my sleeping hours alternating between being too cold and entirely too warm. Each night before bed, I always eat ice cream. It's a dumb (and fattening) habit...but it's what I do! So I called room service to order some ice cream before bed and was told that the freezer was not working and therefore no ice cream could be delivered. Another disappiontment, but not a big deal in the whole scope of life. The *biggest* disappointment was my check-out experience: I had agreed to meet an old friend for Sunday morning brunch in Malibu at 9:00 a.m. I figured that I would go to Malibu; meet my friend; then drive back to Hotel Bel Air and check out before catching my return flight to Washington, DC. In hindsight, it wasn't "the best laid plan"...but it was my plan for that particular morning. As things happened, my friend was running late; our breakfast therefore ran late; and traffic from Malibu to the hotel was horrendous -- it was summertime, and everyone had gone to hang at the beach. So I called the front desk from my cell phone and explained my situation. I informed the person who answered that I was terribly sorry and would absolutely be checked out by 1:00 p.m. The person with whom I spoke said that was fine and thanked me for calling. Well, after battling some of the worst traffic I had ever seen, it was about 1:15 when I pulled into the hotel driveway. I felt very bad, as I am a man who prides himself on being punctual. I **literally** ran to my room; gathered my bags; and rushed to the front desk to check out. What happened next could have been a video on how *not* to treat a hotel guest: The woman at the front desk, as I approached, informed me that I was "checking out late." I told her that I was aware that I was checking out late, and added that I was very sorry. The front desk person continued, informing me that the hotel was completely full the coming evening and that I had created a real problem for them. She then continued to tell me that she had every right to charge me a half-day room charge on top of what I had already paid. Her mouth continued to utter words, but -- at this point -- I was so angry that I honestly didn't hear what else she was saying. I am an exceedingly polite person who rarely gets angry. The Hotel Bel Air representative, and her attidude, pushed me over the edge. I raised my voice and told her, "Look, I said I was sorry." She looked stunned and said, "There is no reason to raise your voice." I continued, "I went to Malibu for brunch, which ran late. Traffic was terrible trying to get back here. I took the time to call from the car to say that I was running late. What else do you want?!" At that point, other guests in the lobby were now staring -- and, to be quite frank, I didn't care (and still don't). You see, I'm not accustomed to visiting 5-star hotels and being treated like a five year old. At that point, the Hotel Bel Air employee admitted that she was unaware that I had called from the car to arrange the late check-out. But -- keep in mind I had apologized to her twice for my tardiness -- she never apologized to me for her error or behavior. I have since returned to Hotel Bel Air's restaurant for breakfast and lunch...but, to be sure, I will never - ever! - stay there again. I have written the general manager twice and never received the courtesy of a reply letter or phone call. In my opinion, that's unprofessional.