We started this debacle by being deceived about how many wristbands we could receive when we checked in. Then, when we complained about this, the manager told us there was nothing he could do and whoever told us that we could have more wristbands was wrong. Then, we were supposed to have the oceanview room and when we got to our room, all we could see were palm trees. The bellman told us to just move the palm trees in our head. Then, when we are in the room, our bathtub is disgusting and we complained to the housekeeping staff and nothing was done. My wife had to clean the bathtub, ON OUR HONEYMOON!!!! The shower had mold in it, the air vents were black with filth, and there was dirt on the walls itself. I know we paid the local rate but that doesn't give anyone the right to do such a poor job. When we complained to the manager, Hilme, he implied that since we shouldn't expect much since we were getting the local rate. Just because I was a savvy shopper and knew people on the island is no reason for their standards to be lax. Then, we found that the valet parking (which is mandatory) is pretty ridiculous considering they are charging 30 dollars for parking. Then, I found out that 30 dollars is not total for your stay but PER DAY, which is not mentioned anywhere, which is fraud by the way. We complained and the valet manager reversed the charges after apologizing for the "miscommunication ". When we checked out, we complained about the many problems and the manager, Hilme again, told us that "A hundred off is more than generous considering you got the local rate." Now, not only is that being prejudiced against the local Hawaiian people, that is also showing bias against their guests for being savvy shoppers. That's not even remotely approaching the level of class that we were expecting from the hotel for something that was not our mistake. I expected our stay to be comped and apologies abounding. Instead, I got apathy and rudeness. Now, I work for the Bellagio in Las Vegas and when I booked our stay, they told me that the Grand Wailea was the Bellagio of Maui. Unfortunately, from what we saw, the cleanliness and professionalism of the hotel is comparable to a low-class Days Inn. I am extremely disappointed in the level of service and customer care that we received and I will be relating that information to every guest at the Bellagio who asks for the best place to stay in Maui. I will now be referring people to the Kea Lani from now on. That "should be more than generous", as the manager put it. They should have cleaned the room thoroughly. They should not have defrauded and deceived people about the price of parking and if they were gonna charge for parking, they should have offered the option of self parking. It is a Waldorf property, and I expected impeccable cleanliness, style, and charm. Instead, I got attitude, mold, dirt, and a poor attitude. I expect someone to contact me immediately regarding this problem. I expected more from a 4 diamond property.