The whole place left us with the impression of a very cheap resort in Pattaya, Benidorm or Bali, though with 2 major differences : 10 times the price and far lower service. Truly unbelievable what some hotels can afford ! We were shocked... I travel 200 days a year in always stay in 5 star accommodations, though was from far one of the worst experiences I had. We stayed in the Napua tower which is definitely not worth the money. Just a few examples : * internet in the room was down. It took nearly 24 hours to get it up and running again. The only workaround was to log on to the wireless network of the Four seasons hotel. At their reception, you can buy a voucher and log on, also from the Grand Wailea. * the toilet was broken (water). We reported it to the reception and it took more than 4 hours to get it fixed. * the room is old and is a typical example of gone glory with spots on the carpet, on the cushions of the terrace chairs. The paint of the wooden blinds is peeling off. When you open and close the blinds, the carpets looks white of all the pain which is dropping off. The taps in the bathroom has once been in gold. Probably a loooong time ago. You can still see some traces of it :). Which is a nice example for the rest of the hotel : once it was probably a nice resort, though only very few traces are left. * the Napua tower has a kind of exec lounge where you can take breakfast. In all honesty, the evening drink is nice with a good selection of cocktail, wine and beer. Though, the breakfast is awful. And you should see how the waiters are throwing the food in the trays. My God !!! The juices are just sugar water served (self served) in plastic cups. * when waking up during the night, I noticed that the mini-bar is empty. How do I get a quick drink ? Calling room service ???? We stayed before at the Four Seasons which is a paradise and an example of efficient service and style. Prices are very similar, though quality is day and night difference. Compared with the Four Seasons, the Grand Wailea is a youth hostel. What a disappointment !