Such a shame that a beautiful location is operated by amateurs. Here is our story: My cousin held her wedding at the Grand Wailea Chapel and what a disappointment. On the wedding day, the coordinator was no where to be found! We were frantic and contacted the catering staff, the front desk and The Consierge...no one was able to find the coordinator. The hotel staff was rude and did not offer to assist us in any way. On top of that, the photographer from Amity Photography (who was recommended from the resort) could not have been worse. She never responded to emails, phone calls or requests to meet before the wedding day. She showed up at the Bridal Suite more than 30 minutes late looking like she just came in from the beach. Very unprofessional lady and dressed so poorly for a five star resort. When my cousin said "I was so stressed, I thought you were not going to show up" the photographer said nothing. She just started taking pictures and laughed it off. The bride was close to a meltdown. She was already in her wedding gown and there was little time to capture the moment with photographs. The photos we received were nothing like the images from her web site. One saving grace was the amazing Videographer from The Artistry Video Company (also recombined by the resort) She arrived 30 minutes early & captured all the details (that the photographer missed) The Video DVD looks like a motion picture-truly a work of art. The Florist from Bella Bloom (referred by the resort) was also wonderful to work with. She was professional and her flower arrangements were beautiful and fresh! After the wedding day, we attempted to contact the lead coordinator in the wedding department but we were told she was not available and would return our call. Of course we never heard a word from her. Upon our departure, we left a personal hand written letter at the front desk for the resort Manager Mr. Daily and Mr. Brian Lynx, Director of Marketing. Did we receive any response? Never- What a Grand Failure! If you are planning a wedding, vacation or any special event, I would consider one of the neighboring resorts or The Four Seasons.