Just got back from Xmas week at the Grand Wailea and I will NOT go back. I simply cannot comprehend the postive reviews this hotel has received. And, if one person who reads my comments decides against the Grand Wailea, I will be happy because I will have saved someone lots of money (and time!). Perhaps if the room were $200.00 a night and my expectations were lower I could accept some of the failings but even then . . . I must begin by describing the most ridiculous aspect of this hotel, which, by the way, is not the poorly decorated, dirty, dated hotel rooms, but rather, the line for beach chairs. As another hotel guest stated while waiting on line for chairs, "the system is demeaning." Be prepared to be on line well before 7:30 am and to wait for at least twenty minutes to half an hour. Then, be ready to be told sometimes (this was not the case each day), you can only get two beach towels even though there are 5 people in your party and you have paid for two hotel rooms. Then walk to the beach, give your ticket to the men placing the beach chairs, and be sure to be armed with extra t-shirts, magazines, books, etc so that you can hold your place while you run back into the hotel to grab breakfast (and this is not quick feat either as there is a wait here too) or wake up your kids! Even these steps won't guarantee you will have seats when you come back. Twice, two of our unmanned chairs were "stolen." As for service, it's average to non-existent. The front desk people were uninterested and other than a server here or there in the restaurants, nobody seemed at all as if they cared about your stay. I guess I can't blame them. The hotel is HUGE and has many rules; I assume they have no choice but to enforce them. If you are used to staying at more service oriented hotels, do not even consider staying at the Grand Wailea, you will be disappointed and annoyed. Last, I expected the restaurants, the spa, and the stores to be expenisive but it seems as if everywhere this hotel is trying to charge for something (i.e. fitness classes other than 7:00 am yoga). In fact, upon checking in you are told that there is $20.00 per day charge per room on top of the room charge and taxes and on top of valet and on top of the $50.00 a day connecting room charge, should you want connecting rooms guaranteed. And, one tale I must relate was when I asked for a copy of my bill the night before we checked out and I was told by the front desk person that there would be a $2.25 charge to deliver it to my room. (I actually hadn't asked for it to be delivered, just that it be ready but she obviously wasn't listening, like the people at the pool who kept aksing me for my information to get a bracelet when all I said I wanted was a towel.) To spend hard earned money on a hotel with so many flaws and one with a general vibe of disinterest just doesn't feel good. It was only once I accepted all the problems (though it was hard to get over the bathroom) and reminded myself that I was lucky to be in beautifu lMaui, that I was able to enjoy myslef.