Just returned from the worst vacation of my life thanks to the Grand Wailea. I had high expectations for this place based on reviews and reputation but was poorly disappointed from the moment I checked in. The staff: The front desk staff were rude upon check in and didnt even provide directions to the room which felt like it was a mile from the entrance. It wasnt until the last day I was told I could valet park at the convention center for easier access to the room The rooms: The first night of sleep was interrupted by a bed that smelled like the previous guest had sweated out the bedding. Also, the air conditioning was pumping out a damp mildew smell. The overall condition of the room was poor and run down. The bathroom tiles were moldy and there was hair all over the place. I asked for a new room and was treated as if I was inconveniencing the hotel. I never received an apology and had to wait hours for a new room. On day 2, I found an enormous cockroach in my shoes that I had placed in the closet!!! GROSS!!!! Yes, I expect roaches in Hawaii, but NOT at a Waldorf Astoria Resort. Again, I didnt receive any apologies. The front desk said cockroaches were something they couldnt control and offered to have the room sprayed for bugs. After the room was sprayed, I found 2 more roaches The Pool: This place felt like a low end Disneyland Resort. The pool was over crowded, there are kids running/screaming everywhere, there are more guests than pool chairs to go around, the pool bathrooms smelled like sewage, and if you want anyone to help you find a chair at the beach you have to have cash ready to tip. Otherwise you can rent cabanas for $500 a day. The cabanas of course sit vacant and the lounges are never released for people who cant find a place to sit at the pool. The staff do not follow up on there one hour chair policy at all. The Parking: The only parking option is valet at $25 a day. Its not the cost that is an issue its the inconvenience of not being able to easily get your car when you need it. The valets are overworked and it takes like 20 minutes to get your car. The Food: I expected the food to be expensive but I didnt expect it to taste so bad. The food was like something from a junior high cafeteria. Your best bet is to eat at local establishments like Merrimans, Mamas, and MonkeyPod. Even the sandwich I got at Subway was better than the food I ordered from Grand Waileas room service. Fitness Center: This is the only redeeming quality of the entire resort. There was plenty of equipment and lots of if! Bottom Line: Dont listen to the 5 star reviews. Take your money to either the Grand Hyatt in Kaanapali or the Ritz Carlton in Kapalua. You will be glad you did! ps. The Grand Wailea actually is in chapter 11 bankruptcy court. Had I known that I would have booked my vacation elsewhere.