Our trip to Maui started at the Grand Wailea when we were greeted by superb bell staff when we arrived. I cannot say enough good things about the front line workers as soon as you arrive. Upon arriving at the check in desk in the late afternoon (almost 6pm) we were greeted with the question of can I see your visa and ID. once that was provided to them we were presented with keys to our room and was told nothing else. There was no mention of where the restaurants were located, what restaurant was open to people without a reservation (kinda hard to make a reservation when you arrive at meal time) and no map of the hotel was given. we were basically on our own to figure out where to get a meal after traveling 8 hours to get to our 5 star hotel. we went to a couple of the restaurants on the resort to try to get in to get a meal the first night and were told "sorry you need a reservation..we can see about getting you in later that evening" needless to say we went to bed with no supper. I do have to say that when we arrived in our room I read over all the info that about the restaurants and the features in the hotel and it was not until day 9 of our 10 day trip that a room service menu magically appeared in our room. The swimming pool was great, the water eleavator was a blast but the chair situation around the pool and on the beach were a joke. The first 2 days at the hotel we were very pleased to find that when you go to the beach there are chairs and umbrella's that were brought to you at your desired location. we had no problems at all finding chairs and umbrella's come the 7th day it was another story. After traveling the island and taking a break from the hotel water we went at 10 am to the beach and asked for 4 chairs and a umbrella and were told sorry we are all out of them right now come back in 15 to 20 minutes, we have people doing a sweep of the beach looking for unoccupied chairs. I stood by the chair and umbrella sign out stand with another lady who was having the same problem. when her husband came from the beach and told her he needed money so that he can pay the people doing the sweeps to find him 6 chairs he explained to his wife if he gave the money to the young men they would get him chairs right away. sure enough, not even 5 minutes later while standing in front to the chair sign out spot with his wife he came back and said we have chairs now and they left. I still had not been accomodated with chairs or an umbrella and My family arrived ahead of his. So we tried his theory...People when you are told there are no chairs left no worries, here are the steps you take to get some...step 1....ask for an umbrella or 2 depending on your family size. the young men will deliver it to your preferred location. step 2....while the young men are setting up the umbrella tell them that you have a few bucks for the amount of chairs you need. with our family it cost 8 dollars to have them find us 4 chairs. and we got them within 5 minutes of preforming step 2 . step 3...enjoy the sun. sit back people and watch the ones around you, it is very interesting. the young men who are serving patrons of the hotel on the beach in a half hour period definately make good money, the one we watched made at least 30 dollars from what we could see doing the chair sweep policy. chairs and umbrella's are left occupied by one person. usally a woman reading a book. she will be there for about half an hour and then she will disappear for about half an hour. If you go to the pool area (which was where my kids were splitting their time between the beach and the pool) you will see that same lady that was on the beach with her allotted amount of chairs, sitting at her other allotted amount of chairs next to the pool. This will go on all day as we found There are also some downfalls to the money for chairs policy in this hotel. We were a victim of the chair sweep on the 8th day. my family was on the beach enjoying the sun when we decided we should go to the ocean as a family of four and enjoy the waves and the ocean.we were gone less than 3 minutes when we witnessed the same young man who accomodated us with chairs the day before take our towel off of one of our chairs and slide it over to an umbrella next to us for 4 women we go our chair back however immediately after we got our chair back the 4 women disappeared to the pool area for over 3 hours. wonder why they needed our chair and how much did they have to pay for these chairs. for the next 2 days we could not swim in the pool or on the beach as a family as we had to have at least one person or more guarding our chairs. IF you drink coffee in the morning (provided by the hotel in rooms) make sure you leave your sugar packages next to the sugar holder on the counter,that way the cleaning staff know that you are in need of more sugar. we had many days in our stay that we were drinking black coffee due to the fact that we cleaned up our sugar packages off the counter. the days that we left the empty sugar packages on the counter our sugar was always restocked. beware that if you want to book a tour that most of the tours do not come to the Grand Wailea to pick you up, you have to drive yourself. BE SURE to rent a car at the airport when you get off your plane. we did not know that and found that you pay more for a car rental at the hotel than at the airport. shopping, there are very few options for shopping around this hotel. If you want reasonable priced shopping or meals, you have to rent a car. My family was very disappointed in what we got at the hotel for the price of the room. we will not be stayinig here again