Stayed at the Wailea as the second part of my honeymoon. Wish I continued my stay at the Four Seasons on the big island. Problems started at check in. Not sure why the front desk staff would think it was a good idea (knowing it was our honeymoon) to put us in a room right in front of the water slide. We tried to access the pools later that afternoon, and the next day but the pool decks, and the beach were way overcrowded to the point of being unsafe. This hotel is definitely not a Waldorf nor is the staff trained properly. The hotel allows outsiders to access their pool, as long as they have a bracelet and they don't monitor to make sure you are a hotel guest. If you are looking for a Nascar tailgate, complete with coolers, and cans of beer, or a spring break atmosphere this is your spot. Needless to say after dealing with the clientele, and the staff being severely under-trained we left property and went to the beach in town. Town beach was less crowded and people were much nicer, good thing we paid good money for the amenities so others could use them. Once the weekend was over and the crowds subsided somewhat, the hotel informs us that the spa was under repair and that the women had no locker room. Thanks for letting us know in advance considering the spa treatment was booked 6 months in advance. The next day Tuesday the hotel made us aware that 2 of the 3 restaurants would close earlier then advertised, and the pools, and slides were going to be closed for renovations. I couldn't take any more I contacted the management, and a week later I am still waiting for the supervisor on duty to call me back. did I mention that the staff is not trained properly, and that this is not a Waldorf. So if Jaime [-] is reading this I am still waiting for your response. If I had the opportunity for refund and could cancel my stay after the first day I would have checked out after the first night, instead I was stuck there for 6 additional nights. Stay away at all costs. Better and more authentic Hawaiian hotels out there that are much cheaper, and places that you will be appreciated.