We went to Maui and chose the Grand Wailea as our hotel because of the great location and the fact that it had such a great pool with water slides and a lazy river. We have two kids ages 5 and 6. We are easy going, physically fit people who enjoy playing with our children and spending time outside. Here are the pros and cons of this hotel: Pros: 1-Great location... the other parts of the island had several days of very high winds. The beach at the Grand Wailea had winds, too, but we could still swim in the ocean and play on the beach. It was still warm and nice. 2-The pool has many things for kids to do. There is something for everyone. 3- The workout facilities were great. Cons: 1- Upon check in our room was still dirty from the people who stayed there before us. when we complained, they did fix it and said they'd comp our breakfast. 2- We went to the Grand Buffet for the "comped" breakfast, ate and left. It was not grand at all for over a hundred dollars. Then, the breakfast charge appeared on our hotel bill and stayed instead of being "comped" as we were told it would be. Toward the end of the trip it still did not come off until we went down to talk to someone. They still would not take it off until my husband started to get very mad and there was a line of people waiting to check in. Then they took it off. If you stay at this hotel we recommend going next door to the Four Seasons for breakfast. Their buffet was much more impressive with a lot more choices for the same price as that at the Grand Wailea 3- The hotel hallways are filthy. The carpet is just nasty, not just old, but nasty dirty. There was the same dirty half empty cocktail glass accompanied by an empty plastic juice bottle that sat on the console table by the elevator for 3 straight days before someone cleaned it up.... and that is just getting started.... 4- It takes a very long time to walk back to your room if you forget something because the place is so big. 5-They don't have nearly enough pool chairs or beach umbrellas to accommodate. We witnessed fights over the chairs and you have to get up and get in line at 7 am to get your chair and then wait until 8 when the umbrella's stand opens and tip someone to carry it out to the beach for you unless you want to do it yourself. The only people who get "poolside" service for beverages and food are those who "rent" the cabanas. Cabanas cost extra. ALL others must walk up to the poolside cafe/bar and stand in that line to get their own drinks and food and carry them back to the pool spot or beach spot they are sitting. And it is crazy at that place. 6- the pool water was cloudy every day that we were there. It did not look the way a pool should look. 7- The "family" bathroom did not lock when we were there-Easter week... I was walked in on two different times when I was in there with our kids, a boy and a girl. Also, there is only 1 family bathroom. For a hotel this size it is not enough in my opinion especially when single people with no kids go in the family bathroom because they don't want to wait in the line at the men's or women's bathrooms right next door. 8-The hotel staff takes down the chairs at the beach to put them away before 6 pm. So if you plan to watch the sunset on the beach you won't be able to sit in a chair while your kids play in the sand to do that. 9-If there is a little wind at the beach, the hotel staff doesn't just put down the umbrellas until it stops, they take them down and take them away for the rest of the day. A baby was taking his nap at the umbrella next to me and they still took down the umbrella and left him with no shade. At 1 o'clock in the afternoon...... 10- When we were there the hotel pool deck did not get cleaned off. It was slimy and gross the whole time. In addition to the debris floating int he pools, and the cloudy pool water, we saw debris floating in the hot tub and were not sure if it was something from a coconut tree or poop. The pool was not very clean. 11-The women's restroom by the pool smelled horrendous the entire time we stayed at the hotel. It was not maintained during the day, I don't know if it was at night or not, but anytime I used it during the day whether it was first thing in the morning or not, it was ridiculously dirty and smelled like urine. 12- I made an appointment for a pedicure and manicure at the "grand spa". The appointment was supposed to be for 2 pm on the Saturday before Easter. I had asked them to write it on a card because they seemed very distracted and casual about the appointment when I made it. It was a good thing I asked them to write it on a card because the next day when I was supposed to be there for my appointment they told me I didn't have one. Then, when I showed them the card they couldn't have been nicer but told me it was for noon in the computer not 2 pm like they told me and wrote down on the card. Unbelievable. They were booked and the only time they could get me in was Easter Sunday morning at 9 am. We went to church so I said no thanks. 13-Another thing about the pool- if you swim later in the afternoon don't forget to get a towel. The towel stand closes promptly at 6 pm. If you are swimming with your kids after that and didn't get a towel right away, you will have to walk through the lobby all the way to your room in your suits dripping wet. 14- Another thing about the food- we paid 30 dollars for 2 kids' meals at the pool side bar/restaurant. The kids' meals were a hot dog (or other choice of main entree), a small bag of oreo cookies, a jello cup, a bag of chips and a capri sun. The capri suns were served warm all 4 times I got my kids a kids' meal. The jello was not jelled. It was like it sat in the sun from another kid's meal and liquified or something until it made it back to the lunch shack and got put in our bucket. This happened all the times we got kids' meals for our kids at the pool. One time, I first waited 15 minutes in line to order the food. Then, was rudely told by the bartender, the kitchen was really "backed up" and it would be a 1/2 hour until they'd be ready. So, I came back 1/2 hour later and there was still a long line. In short....we were disappointed. We did visit other hotels in the same beach area to compare food, cleanliness and pool and service. But mainly we visited the other hotels just to get out of the Wailea to eat. There was no comparison. The Grand Wailea is not grand and it is dirty inside and out at the pool. For the same money you could go to the Four Seasons, the Fairmont or even the Marriot. Their pools were not cloudy, their staff was all friendly and the food was much better. For a 100 dollars for breakfast you want it to feel like 100 dollars. The four seasons breakfasts felt like 100 dollars, at least. Grand Wailea was not only dirty, but it was old and worn. It was not worth the money. I would not recommend this hotel, and we will never go there again. Although we love Maui and next time we will stay at the Four Seasons, the Fairmont or the Marriot.