Took our own bags out of the car. No help with directions to the restaurant. Unsanitary spa. Force to look up at large cockroach during treatment, repeatedly requested a robe for my modest guest and repeatedly refused, be fore warned to wear your own bathing suite or be in an area naked with women with them on, told we were in an exclusive area for women then lead into a co-ed patio without warning. Poor service from spa & pool personnel. Pool employee looked into my private purse and asked for a cigarette. Insulted my appearance. Company attempted fraudulent charges on my credit card in the amount of $3333.33. I broke my cell phone when hotel blocked my account to use the phone over declined credit card which was declined by the credit card merchant over suspected fraud. Waken up with loud call from and off-site accounting at 0800 while a privacy please was on my door. No toilet paper in the bathroom. Rude management. I was offered the following apology from the Managing Director, Mr. Matthew Bailey , while my regaling you explanations for some of the incidents you raised might make me feel better, it will have little if any effect on your last impression of the Grand Wailea. There was nothing to regale about the level of poor service we received. The Managing Directors response added insult to injury. My sister and I had to make many arrangements to be there. I had to get child care as I am a single mother of three, for 2 night and three days (34 hours), my sister and I both had to juggle to get time together with our jobs, I paid her flight from LV, lost data on my phone. The gall of such a response. It was more then an issue of money it was an issue of priceless personal time. The Fours Seasons next door is 10000 times better and the Marriott is way better too. I will NEVER stay at the Grand Wailea, at least under it's present management! A free (2) night offer from management to compensate me is like asking someone to return to a horror show for a second viewing when they bought a ticket to a romance. They really put a great name like Hilton & Waldorf to shame! Aesthetics are beautiful at the GW but management leads by example which makes the service behind the scenes rude and unprofessional. By no means a representation of Maui or the true Aloha spirit that does occur at other service providers. Free to walk the shops and take pictures of the grounds of the GW but book your stay at a hotel that cares about you, just about any place but the Grand Wailea. I've stayed at Westin, Marriott, Ritz, Four Seasons, Hyatt, Sheraton, Royal Hawaiian, Hana, Kannapali Alii... too many to name on Maui let alone the whole state and they all treated me fantastic, only the 4 Seasons was the very best, giving credit where it is due, with the Sheraton taking a close second! If you want to stay at a great Hilton property in Hawaii, stay at the Hilton Waikaloa, 5 stars, it's on the Big Island, incredibly breath taking, swin with dolphins and will most certainly be a time you will never forget.