Ok, let's start by the nice things : gardens are wonderful, the hotel itself is great; there are many arts (Botero...) all over the hotel. Rooms are big, nice and beds are very comfortable. Restaurants are expensive but of good quality. Now the dark side of this hotel: - Be prepared to pay for every single move they make : - Arrive late after a long trip and didn't pay attention to that nice guy saying he will park your car for you? Later on the ticket he gave you, you can realize that will cost $20 per day (without gratuity...) ! - Your luggages are late? No problem, they will move them to your room as soon as they arrive from the airport...and they don't tell you will get charged for $10... - You find a bootle of water nicely arranged with 2 glasses around? Be sure to check the (hidden) side of the label : it costs you $6.5 just to get some water! - Don't know where to find material to get a bath? Just look at the bathroom shelf, oh my God! This costs at least $20 the bottle! If you don't take care of these details, this could easily increase your bill by 30% a day! I. Thinking of the existing high room rate, this is similar to robbery! - Service is not proper for the standing they claim : - I asked the lobby if they could call the airport for my late luggages; answer : I give you the number, YOU call... - Due to pool renovation, room was very noisy. Being awaken at 5:30 AM on every morning is NOT acceptable for this class of hotel whatever the discount is. - Think that noise is only due to renovation? Bad bet: in the middle on one night, a familly arrived in the room next door and settled up : we had the impression they were unpacking in our room! - Internet was not working on my computer, but it worked on any other hotel - I complained about all of this when check-out; response : "Sorry". Translation : "We don't care". If you plan to stay at this hotel for whatever reason, I highly suggest you consider booking elsewhere. The best thing to do is a walk inside the hotel for the arts and gardens, that you can do by booking anywhere else.