After looking forward to a week of sheer luxury, the Grand Wailea was a massive disappointment. Things did not get off to a good start when we arrived tired and jet lagged at 12 noon off a flight from Japan and asked whether we could check in earlier than the normal 3pm time. The front desk said that they would contact housekeeping to get our room ready early and took our mobile phone number, so they could tell us when the room was ready. Two hours passed with no contact, so we went back to the front desk. They assured us that the room was being given the express treatment. Three o'clock came and went, and at around 3:15pm we were taken by a bell hop to a filthy room which hadn't been touched. The bell hop rang down to the front, who said that they had given us the wrong room. Eventually, we were placed in the right room and the bell hop fled from embarrassment without explaining any of the room's facilities and without hanging around for a tip (the one and only time at our stay in the resort). My sense from was that housekeeping had no intention of getting a room ready before 3pm and we were just fobbed off by the front desk. After unpacking, we headed down to the pool. The place was packed. Not a free chair in sight. When we turned up poolside the next day around 10am, the same situation. This is where I part company with all those four and five star reviews for this same hotel I have read. In a true luxury hotel, you do not have to fight for a pool side seat, you do not have to rush down to the pool at the crack of dawn to place your towel on a seat, you do not have to pay $100 a day to reserve a bit of shade. This is not what a luxury hotel does. This is what a mass market, mid-level or worse hotel does. Indeed, the hotel seemed intent on gouging clients at every turn. From internet access, to umbrellas on the beach, to the daily resort charge (what is this? surely when you book a room at the price of this hotel, you assume that you will be using the resort facilities). Finally, the food was truly terrible value for money. We tried the Bistro Molokini, Grand Dining Room, Cafe Kula and the Japanese restaurant Kincha. In every case you got second rate food for around two to four times the price you would pay in a good city restaurant. Everything appeared to be out a tin, instant mix or the freezer. Given everything has to be shipped into Maui, I can see the limitations. But true luxury hotels that have island locations around the world like the Four Seasons work around this - that is why you pay big bucks: so as to get good, well cooked fresh food. At the Grand Wailea you pay big bucks to get tarted-up school canteen slop. Finally, I got caught up in the airline bankrupcty problems during my stay and had to switch my flight out to Hawaiin Airlines from Aloha. Stupidly, I thought that I could use the Grand Wailea's clout to help navigate my way through all the ticketing chaos rather than waste a whole day on the phone and internet. Of course, they were not interested in helping (even up to the Day Manager level). Again the contrast with a real luxury hotel is telling: in such hotels, the senior people at the front desk have a degree of autonomy and flexiblity in problem solving for clients. At the Grand Wailea, if it is not in their rule book, they are not interested. In conclusion, for all those people who have rated this hotel highly (and for the senior management of the Grand Wailea who don't appear to get it), all I can say is try a true luxury hotel. It costs the same you know. The experience you will have at the Mandarin, Peninsula, Four Seasons and Shangri-la is at a completely different level. Amazingly, the Waldorf Astoria has lent its brand to the Grand Wailea. I don't know what they are thinking. This is a classic way to damage a luxury brand. It fooled me into booking this hotel once, but not again! And now I will also think twice about booking any Waldorf Astoria worldwide.