Our party of six stayed our last two nights in Hawaii at the Grand Wailea, which was advertised as a first class resort, part of the Waldorf Astoria Collection of the Hilton Hotel chain. Sadly, the reality is that the hotel has a low-class, concession stand feel about it, where after spending $3000 for two rooms for two nights, we were nickeled and dimed at every turn. Every person at the pool is required to wear a wristband, even the adults; If your child wants an inner tube, you have to purchase one - as a result, hundreds of unused and abandoned inner tubes litter the property. If you need a snorkel mask, no problem, for $30 a day they will rent you one. (Snorkel Bob's rented us a brand new prescription mask for $10 a day). If you expect to sit, you better be willing to pay. Cabanas are $250; Casabellas $150 and teak lawn chairs $75, according to the extension you were directed to call in the hotel information booklet. This is in additon to the $25.00 per day per room resort fee. The first day we arrived early (10 a.m.), but not early enough and could find no chairs anywhere by the pool area to lay down our items, much less sit. The next day we arose early, had breakfast and went to sit in the pool area. There we found restrictive signs all over the place asking you to pay for cabanas, casabellas, etc. but then we found a little grassy area between the pool and the beach where chairs were scattered haphazardly and no signs. My husband arranged some chairs in order and we sat down. Three hours later, we were told by hotel staff that we would have to pay $150 for the chairs, or move down to the beach. Since our 12 year old daughter was in the pool, and since there had been no sign telling us we could not sit in this area, we refused to move, but were embarrassed and offended at the suggestion that we had done something wrong, when in fact we had made every effort to find a spot not restricted by signs (there are a lot of signs prohibiting you from sitting down!!). I complained to the front desk and sometime later was approached again by the same employee who, by way of obstensible apology, said that we could stay there today, but would have to pay tomorrow. Again, embarrassed in front of our children by the suggestion that we had done something wrong, I informed the employee not to worry, that we were checking out the next day, never to return. I then requested a meeting with management, and was met by the Assistant Director of Food and Beverage for the Pool, who claimed to be the highest ranking management on site at the hotel. (It was a Sunday). In response to my inquiry whether, after spending $3000 for two days it was reasonable for me to expect at least one chair for our party of six, the manager said, no, It was unreasonable: that the hotel couldn't possibly provide chairs for all the guests who wanted them; that, in fact, the hotel did not want to charge for chairs, but was "forced to" in order to accomodate the wishes and demands of those guests who "really wanted" chairs.The next day, an operating manager called my husband, a Hilton Gold VIP member, and told him that the reason there were no signs where we sat down was because he had already spent $10,000 this year in signage and there was no more money in the budget for signs. I respectifully suggest that the money would have been better spent finding a place for his guests to sit. Ultimately, we were given a $200 credit upon checkout for our complaint (too little too late), and I was upset enough to cancel our dinner reservation at the fine dining restaurant (on the theory that I was not spending one more dime at the hotel, much less $600+ for our party of six). But, in the end, It is clear that whoever classified the Grand Wailea as part of the Waldorf Astoria collection has never stayed at either hotel. I have stayed at the Waldorf many times and was treated there with the respect I expected, but did not receive at the Grand Wailea. I am not sure what part of the experience is supposed to be first class, except for the fees you are charged. My suggestion is that you stay at the Mauna Lani on the Big Island, where you are treated from the moment you arrive as a first class guest at a first class resort. Chairs, internet, newspapers and pool use are free; guests are offered free popsicles and smoothie samples daily; towels are graciously provided without having to provide paperwork; no resort fee, various activities are offered daily for free. After your first afternoon, all of the staff miraculously remembers you by name. You are actually able to spend your time relaxing instead of figuring out what you are to pay for next.