We were too late in booking to get a suite here for our Xmas 2007 trip (ended up in a condo) but went around to all hotels in Wailea and Kaanapali to scout for our next vacation. The Grand Wailea was our biggest disappointment! A colleague recommended it to us and their website makes it look truly "grand" but in person you could tell it was rundown as soon as you set foot on the property. I just read in a review on Trip Advisor that they are going to renovate in Feb 08 and boy does this place need it. Everything was moldy, banged up and run down. The room smelled, the deck was dirty (and also gave no privacy - it was tiny and you looked right at all the decks of the suites next to you). The pool which looks so good online was old with dirty tiles and the waterslide which looks like a great volcano ride is nothing. This I think is the most expensive hotel in Wailea and also the worst. Hopefully the reno changes things. While we were there however we checked out all the other hotels in the Wailea area for our next trip. We got staff at each hotel to show us the rooms and grounds. We checked out Kaanapali too which is really great but we like Wailea because it's newer, the hotel grounds more spacious, and Wailea is closest to our favourite beaches - Makena's Big Beach which is great for body surfing and Turtle Town where we swam with a 300 pound turtle! Both are 5 minutes away. The Sheraton at Kaanapali has great grounds with a fun pool and great beach and is right on Black Rock, but is not as private as the resorts in Wailea. The Marriott and Hyatt at Kaanapali are also great but there is no beach there. In Wailea our favorites are as follows: Fairmont - starts at $525 a night (vs Grand Wailea $725) and is completely renovated with beautiful pool with 140 foot waterslide, separate adult pool, all white architecture which gives it a Mediterranean feel, on site shops, fitness room, a virtually private beach (Polo Beach). The Marriott, Four Seasons and Grand Wailea all share Wailea Beach. The rooms at the Fairmont are beautiful with a separate bedroom, beautiful private deck. This is where we'll be staying next trip. Four Seasons - Gorgeous; pool is not quite as nice for kids but otherwise a fantastic looking hotel. Has tennis courts onsite too. Only problem is that they have a 200 person waitlist if you want to book over Xmas. Marriott. Also first class; my only complaint was that the suites have all tile floors and although the floor plan of the suites is very similar to the Fairmont there is no separate bedroom, just a big L shaped room so there is not any privacy if your kids are sleeping on the pull out sofa. Marriott also has a beautiful Luau (Fairmont, Grand Wailea, Four Seasons do not). I didn't want to go and do the tourist thing, but we went for the kids and it was wonderful. A delicious meal, open bar, and the show told a story of the history of Hawaii complete with Fire man, hula dancers, and a gymnast who climbed a rope 50 ft in the air and did acrobatics (representing the goddess of the mist). Luau was $264 for a family of four and worth it. We'd have been happy with Fairmont, Four Seasons, Marriott. Didn't get a chance to check out the Renaissance though. If you're looking for a condo the Ekahi Village in Wailea has wonderful grounds and is on a beach (Keawapuku?) but people told us each condo is different - some great, some rundown.