Picture this: Jumping out of bed at 6:30 a.m.to be in line at the pool by 6:45 to get a place in line. Waiting for the staff to drop the rope and RUNNING to get a chaise. Hint: go for the chair, not line up for towels first as I did. Even though I got there early I wasn't quick enough and ended up in the back row between the garbage cans and the bathrooms. I am not kidding when I say that by 7:15 all the chairs were gone.(the waterslide opens at 10:00). Don't even think about shade because there isn't any outside of the $275.00 cabanas (which were totally booked all week) or a few palapas which somehow didn't block any sun at all. They offer no umbrellas, only blazing sun all day...There really is no shade anywhere. That will, of course, only be a problem if you are lucky enough to actually get a lounge chair. There didn't seem to be enough chairs for the number of guests needing them. The lounge chairs were pretty dirty too. I had to clean the bird droppings off myself. The rooms were adequate enough and at least free from visible mold. We did smell it though. The sticky remote control and spotty bathroom handles prompted me to buy a can of Lysol to give the rooms a good disinfection. We paid over $750.00 for each of our two rooms plus they had the nerve to add $25.00 a night connecting charge. That would be to open the doors between the rooms. There also is a $25.00 per room "Resort Fee" each day to use the resort that you are paying to stay at. Go figure. Our supposed internet connection (part of the resort fee) didn't work so I was forced to use the business center at $3.50 for each 5 minutes on the computer. The game room required quarters to use most of games. All this I would expect at lesser quality property, but not at these prices. I found the nickel and dimeing for everything really objectionable. For the same money (or less) I would definately stay at a Four Seasons. Much better quality, service and value for money but of course, they don't have the water slide. As far as I am concerned, the water slide is the only reason to even set foot on this property.