We went to check-in early, figuring that a room wouldn't be available quite yet but wanted to make sure that everything was in the system and ready for us when our room would be available. Waited in line 15 minutes to do this, which is fine. Afterwards, we spent time in the pool til around 4pm. At which time, we checked our cellphone to find out our room was ready. Went back to front desk and the person checking me in, kept asking me if someone from my party had checked in earlier - which was a definite no because we stayed at the pool together the entire time. He went to the back to get our room keys... and couldn't find them. So he came back out and had to make new room keys. This whole process took about 30 minutes - which should have taken only a few minutes since I checked in earlier that day. Went to the room, which is definitely less than desirable (old carpets in bathroom, mold, actually it smelled like someone urinated in the room) - this place could definitely use some refurbishing. Anyways our room was located at the furtherest point from the lobby but was right next to the self-parking garage and way far away from valet parking. Because of this we decided to self park rather than use valet. However, everytime that we tried to self-park there were no parking spaces left. Finally, irritated we phoned the front desk... they said we could park in handicapped since there was no parking available. Our last complaint is that because we were leaving on an early flight the next morning - I visited the front desk to check-out early the night before. I was assured that we would be able to still get back into the room... wouldn't you know that when we returned (late at night with my 6 year old son) we couldn't get back into the room. So I called front desk and they told me that everything should be working correctly however they patched me through to someone else who then told me our keys were deactivated. So security had to come up and let us back in the room. Also, when I told the front desk of our dissatisfaction - it was only a grumble of - I'm sorry to hear that. The grounds of this hotel are very beautiful. The pools were lots of fun for my son. However, with all the problems I do not believe that it would be worth it to stay here again. We usually stay down the street at the Fairmont Kea Lani.. you can tell its a classy hotel compared to this dive. Would definitely not recommend staying here to anyone.