Disappointment is an understatment. We made our reservation about 10 months prior to checking in to the Grand Wailea. When we made our reservation, we specifically requested a king room. Upon arrival we were told they didn't have any king rooms left and only had a room with 2 queens. After the person went into the back room to talk to room control (I picture a geeky man with 10 monitors in front of him watching what customers in the lobby were doing), she came back. We were told that we could check back the next day, or they could "sheet 2 queen beds as one" and we wouldn't know the difference. The second option didn't sound so bad so we agreed. When we arrived in our room we found two queen beds pushed up against each other, not sheeted as one. You couldn't even pull the sheets or the comforter out of the bed because they were pushed up against each other. The headboards are attached to the wall, so they were not even behind the bed. It looked retarded and wasn't functional. (I posted a picture). Because the night stand normally is in the middle of the beds, of course there was only one night stand, which was about a 10 foot journey away from where I was to sleep. I'm paying $400 a night to put my glass on the floor and not be able to pull the comforter out from being tucked in? And, oh, did I mention it was the handicap room, so there were bars everywhere and all of the furniture was severely banged up. (For the record, we were paying about $400/night due to our group discount, but the cheapest rate I could find on our room type was about $800/night). The wallpaper was peeling off the walls and the room stunk. The tile shower was nasty, it had a fold up seat and the tile itself was groddy. My bathroom at home is by far nicer than this room. I have a hard time paying $400/night+ to stay at a place that's not as nice as what I have at home. There's nothing luxurious about that. The kicker here is my mom checked just before me the same day and she had requested 2 queens and ended up with 1 king in the same room type as I (which was an upgrade from the room type she had booked). So clearly the GW is very bad at planning and didn't even bother to read the customer requests. For the prices they charge, this is ridiculous. The next morning we went to ask if they had any rooms open up. She went into the control room and came back and told us no there was nothing they could do. No apology, just a "no." This was not a satisfactory answer so we pressed on. Eventually she came out of the control room and said they'd have a room available after the people checked out today. She told us to go to our rooms, bring our luggage to the lobby by noon, and they'd call us on our cell phone when the room was ready. (No offer of help from the bell captain). So we went to our room, and basically checked out by noon. We left our luggage with the bell captain and went off on our day. At about 4pm we went to the desk to ask why they hadn't called. They said they didn't have any rooms still. This was completely unsatisfactory, so we of course demanded something be done. Somewhere there was a king room in this monster of a hotel. After 10 minutes in the control room she came out and said they had a room and the baggage would be sent up. We were *shocked* to see that our luggage was still sitting at the bell captain desk in the middle of the lobby--for a good 6 hours. Much of the time there's nobody at the desk and anyone could've just walked up and stole the $5000 of electronics and other goodies I had in my bags (we were there for a wedding). All along, no apologies from the staff whatsoever. We went to our new room, waited about 30 minutes for our luggage before having to call to ask where it was. 10 minutes later half of our luggage arrived. They didn't know about the other half so they went back to check. That came another 15 minutes after. The bell captain--who was the only friendly person we talked to the entire time in our 10 day stay--told us he had been there since GW opened and since Hilton took over management it's gone downhill. They've laid off over 400 workers and raised the prices without making any improvements whatsoever. He explained our room was painted instead of wallpapered because that's there temporary fix for the mildew that grows all under the wallpaper. The room stunk like a wet basement, we had to keep the doors open the entire time otherwise it got much worse (and of course, every time the cleaning crew came they closed it, so every time we returned our room was nasty smelling). The room we were given was a JR. suite, which meant it had a nicer bathroom-the size of the room itself was the same. One of the chairs was instead replaced with a sofa (though as far as I can tell it was not a sofa that was purchased in the last 10 years), and the minibar was a little bigger. The service here is not what you'd expect from anything higher than a 3 star hotel. The employees reminded me a lot of airline employees. Many had been there a long time and reveled about what the Grand Wailea once was, and were probably jaded by what it is today. Pretty much everyone we encountered was just there squeaking by but not overly friendly, if at all friendly. When you stay at a Ritz or pretty much any hotel charging these types of rates, they greet you by your name at least once in awhile. Not once did anyone even attempt to mutter anything resembling my name. I'm not snobby or anything, but a hotel like this is made or broken by small, cute details like this that make you feel important. The desk staff were completely unfriendly. The setting in Maui is hard to ruin, really. A dumpy condo on a beach will still look beautiful. But it all felt really Disneyseque. The area of Wailea would basically be a desert if they hadn't altered the environment. Everything here is fake--trees, plants, waterfalls are all fake, nothing like this would naturally grow there or exist at this part of the island. It didn't feel remotely natural, this kind of rubbed me the wrong way... I could go to Disneyworld and see fake waterfalls, it's a much cheaper flight. I feel sorry for those who go to Grand Wailea and don't venture out beyond the area to see anything natural in its natural setting. Also, the palm trees were so high they blocked much of the ocean view you would have if they weren't so high. Even though it's next to the ocean, don't expect to hear the ocean... all you hear are the fake waterfalls. The place is too big. They show two parking lots on their map--what they don't tell you is one is valet only. The other one is at the far end of the hotel. Our room at the far opposite end of the hotel was a good 20 or 25 minute walk to our car; and the lot itself was constantly full. When parking, there were always people trolling the parking lot waiting for people to leave so they could have a spot. (Our friends who went at a different time of the year told us how they had the same problem and ended up parking at the lowest level in the employee parking area). The pools sound nice, but they're overran with bratty 10 year olds during the day whose parents are off sipping $13 margaritas. The pool closes at 11pm and the water slide and other water features are only open from 10am-5pm. The 2 or 3 waterslides and water elevator easily took about 15 minutes waiting in line to get in, and weren't really anything exciting. The water elevator was fun once or twice but really it was a lot of waiting around for nothing. The swim up bar wasn't open until noon and closed at 5. The food at the restaurants was severely overpriced. ($11 for a bagel and cream cheese). We ate breakfast there once, my eggs benedict I ordered had a plastic wrapper in the middle that I only discovered after chewing it in my mouth. They wouldn't comp it, only bring a new one. The $30 breakfast buffet didn't have anything too special on it. I personally thought ordering a breakfast entree ($25ish) was a better deal since it was actually something that was cooked to order. The golf course restaurant across the street (Sea Watch) was 1/2 the price, nicer view, quieter, and friendlier waitresses. We ate dinner at one of their other restaurants, both having different local fish specials. One of our fish entrees came out way way overdone. (Their onion rings are indeed amazing though). Our room wasn't thorougly cleaned the entire time we were there. Sure they made the bed and what not, but there were ring marks from glasses on our desk the entire time we were there. In fact there were a few ring marks when we arrived at our room the first day that weren't even ours. I had bought some bath salts at lush prior to arriving and had anticipating a nice soak in the tub or two, but after seeing it I didn't trust it was clean enough to actually do this... BTW, what luxury hotel these days doesn't give you slippers? Or bath salts? Or for that matter a refrigerator? Also, the maid seemed spacey in that one day she took our robes but didn't replace them, and another day our bath mat disappeared. We didn't have a room service menu--or any hotel information book in our room, so we called to ask for one. They didn't bring one, so we wrote a note to the cleaning woman the next day asking if we could have one. We were left with a photocopy of the room service menu, but no hotel info booklet. They nickel and dime you to death. $2.50/day for cleaning--just enough to not care, just enough to be annoyed that they bother to do it at all. $25 for a mini-fridge. The craziest charge I recall is a $10 *per person* to carry bags to your room (they don't tell you this until checkout). etc etc. When we pulled up to the lobby to unload our bags, a valet came and immediatly tried to take our keys and give us a valet tag. We told them we were just unloading bags. He took the keys anyway, saying that we couldn't drive the car to the side of the driveway ourself to let it sit for 5 minutes, he had to. After checking in, we returned to get our car and self parked it. At check out, there was a $25 or so valet charge on our bill from this incident. The in room high speed Internet isn't truly high speed. It's 128kbps, which is a lot slower than the cheapest DSL you can buy. It's not fast enough to support a business traveler who needs a VPN connection. You can upgrade to a true 512 kbps high speed at a cost of $15 a day. Also, they didn't provide an ethernet cable. The little black box has one built in but it was only 1', so you couldn't even move your laptop around on the desk let alone anywhere other than the desk. The access is provided by Lodgenet. Lodgenet charges the Grand Wailea for every "black box" they have connected, so what does Grand Wailea do? They unplug the black box from all of their rooms so they aren't registered on the system. The problem is nowhere do they tell you this, it's not designed to be unplugged so it's not in any instructions they have. I called the front desk to tell them my Internet wasn't working--without saying anything they forwarded my call to a 1-800 number and I had to chat on the phone for about 20 minutes before we realized what they did. I had to crawl on the floor to trace a cable that ran behind the TV in order to plug it back in. I called the front desk to complain of this, they acted like it was an accident. The problem is I was in 4 other rooms and they too ALL had the black Lodgenet box unplugged. One of our friends who was staying there at the time was mentioning her Internet wasn't working and just gave up. I imagine this is what the GW hopes for. I can't even believe what cheapskates the people running this hotel are! They do have wireless Internet but it's only designed to work in certain areas near the middle of the grounds in the outside area. Our first room we were able to pick up the signal if we moved to a certain area on the balcony though. On the second room we weren't able to even see the network in our list. How can a hotel charging $800/night for rooms not have wireless Internet? All in all, I've had better experiences at hotels that were 1/4 the price. Fake scenery. check. Jaded staff. check. Mildewy smell. check. Over-priceyness. check. Waldorf-Astoria? They only wish they were as nice as a real Waldorf-Astoria.