Hello everyone, My wife and I just got back from vacation in Maui. While researching for hotels, we noted that everyone hyped up two hotels: Grand Wailea and Four Seasons Maui. The two hotels are located side by side, so we decided to split our vacation between the two hotels. We stayed at the Four Seasons and then moved to the Grand Wailea for the later part of our trip. In summary, my wife and I were very disappointed with Grand Wailea. Below is some information that we hope could help others in making a decision if you are unsure between the two hotels. Check in (1): Normal check in is around 3:30 pm. Four Seasons (FS) - We arrived at the FS from the airport at noon. Even thought the hotel was fully sold out, they were able to find us a room without any waiting time. Grand Wailea (GW) - We arrived at the GW from the FS at noon. We were not checked in until 3pm. Supposedly there were no rooms available, while we knew by looking at Hilton.com that there were availabilities in all room classes. Check in (2): Front desk FS - Very polite and welcoming. Great to deal with. GW - Very cold and unwelcoming. We felt like they are paying us to stay there even though it was costing us $700/night. Room: FS - Beautiful rooms with the best bathroom i've seen at any hotel (and my wife and I are frequent travelers) GW - Outdated rooms. Outdated bathrooms. You feel like you're back in the 80s. Pool: I give the edge to the GW just because of the waterpark for kids. Many slides that adults could even enjoy. Pool service: Edge to the FS by far. Very bad service. Cold staff. Cost:(we booked 5 months in advance) FS - $400/night GW - $700/night Overall, our experience at FS was amazing. We'd go back to that hotel any time. We really loved it. Our experience at the GW was pretty bad (even through we paid $300 more a night), mostly as a result of the bad service and the room condition. It was obvious that guest service was very weak at the GW and we just did not feel welcomed there. Thanks