I've read most of the reviews in here before leaving and some are exactly on target. Now here's the skinny from our one week stay in September. I will kind of break it down into some categories. ARRIVAL. Excellent, timely, professional. It was better than arriving at most Ritz Carltons. VIEW. Excellent! For the first time in my life I got what was promised. Room 9080 was on the highest floor and we were in the center of the "U" shaped hotel complex. Yes, I agree that if you are on a lower floor, then you will have some palm trees blocking your water view. But the water is so far away, it really doesn't matter. Sitting on the balcony you could occasionally hear the ocean, but that's about it. Everything is drowned out by the man-made streams and fountains down below. ROOM. Filthy. I'm an engineer so lets talk observations and some form of empirical measurement. I walked around the bed in white socks and within about five minutes, the bottoms of my socks were filthy black. The carpeting was heavily soiled and in the week we stayed there, it was vacuumed once. The bedspread was threadbare and tired. The upholstry on the seats looked par for a Sanford & Son show. The floor on the balcony was also filthy. HOUSEKEEPING. I travel a lot and have found that generous tipping up front usually guarantees my family will be treated well. I gave $100 to the housekeeping manager to be shared by those working my room. Nothing changed. In fact, it might have gotten worse. They come in, make the bed, change the towels, hit the tables tops a swipe or two, empty the trash and hit the trail. It's probably the worst I've seen in any Hilton. The room was simply filthy. POOL. We are not sun worshipers, but the place looked fine to me. There also seemed to be plenty of pool maintenance. BEACH. Nice to walk on and seemed to be groomed about twice a week. FOOD. Had dinner at the nicest restaurant on the property- I can't remember the name because it's a way long word with all those mumbo jumbo Hawaii sounds: moona-moona-humma-humma... you get the idea. It was reasonably priced, the service so-so and the food so-so as well. It's a Hilton, what do you expect? The restaurant sits on a little man-made lagoon and the view was nice. The place was somewhat empty when we were there and I couldn't help but come away with the feeling the place was going out of business soon. I got a refrigerator for our room and we mostly snacked. Also, the Jura cafe on the main floor serverd great foods at stateside prices. Their hot breakfast was GREAT! The lady running it was the nicest employee I met anywhere on the island. DEPARTURE. Smooth at the front desk, then waited 45 minutes for the valet to get our car. Ouch! I'd go back, but would take my own cleaning supplies and do my room the first day. The view was that good.