My husband and I just returned from a two night stay at the Grand Wailea. If you are considering a vacation at the Grand Wailea, you should be aware that the resort allows loud night-time private parties with cheesy cover bands (A la "The Wedding Singer") on the lawn areas near the guest rooms. If you like to go to bed before 10 p.m. (which can feel quite late if you are adjusting to a time change), or don't like to involuntarily listen to cheesy cover bands during your Hawaiian vacation, this is not the place for you. The music is also too loud to hear the TV in your room, so you can't drown it out that way. Plus, since the parties are private, you can't even practice the "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em" philosophy by joining the festivities, so you're pretty much stuck enduring the noise until 10. (The exciting karaoke-style grand finale included members of the audience singing that favorite Donna Summers classic, "Last Dance." Beautiful!) We are not "high maintenance" travelers (give me a tent near the beach and I'm happy) and fortunately we were not traveling with children. But we could not believe that this pricey resort does not respect their guests enough to provide a quiet room in which to relax or sleep in the evening. In fact, the resort does the opposite. We complained to two managers (one during the party and the other as we checked out). We were told that others had also complained, that the band's volume was too loud, and that it was the "Catering Department's" fault. There was no expression of genuine concern about the issue. From what I can tell, this is normal, business-as-usual, for the Grand and not an isolated event, so buyer beware. (They were setting up for a new party as we were checking out yesterday.) As others have also noted, keep a close eye on your hotel bill. They charged us for a fridge that we did order (or receive). (No apology for the error.) There were other issues during our stay, but I'll stop here. If the Grand Wailea appeals to you because it's fancy and has water slides, I'd recommend the Hyatt on Kauai as a more pleasant alternative. The Hyatt has similar pool facilities and is a much more "Hawaiian" experience. (The Grand feels more like Las Vegas.) But if you miss those sleepless nights in college when your neighbor's band was playing while you were trying to get some sleep, and you don't mind paying $400+/night for that trip down Memory Lane, then the Grand Wailea is the place for you!