My wife and I had a TERRIBLE stay and the Grand Wailea and we are NEVER EVER going back, save yourself the grief (and the money) and stay somewhere else! It should be called the Grand-Why-Staya as there is no reason to stay at this pitiful hotel. The first room we were sent to was a dingy little room right next to the construction site (there is extensive construction going on next door regardless of what the Hotel Staff says) with no ocean view, we paid for an ocean view, so back to the front desk to get a room with an ocean view. The front desk personnel were poorly trained but checked our reservation and agreed we were supposed to be in an ocean front room and after an hour we had a new room. The bellman who approached me with my key became irritated that I did want my bags moved until I checked out the second room to make sure it was O.K., realizing there was not going to be a second tip to move bags (until I checked the room), he threw the room key at me and stormed off! Unpleasant and unprofessional for supposed luxury hotel. My wife and went up to the second room on the fifth floor and there were beer cans mini-bottles on the floor, the beds had been slept on, strangely the bathroom had been made up. I stopped a service person in the hall to ask about the condition of the room and she mentioned that some of the staff like to party in the rooms after guests check out, open the mini-bar and help themselves, which is then billed to the guests account (nice story, and its from one of the hotel employees!) Back down to the Front Desk for a room that has been cleaned. Another hour wait and I got to watch the bell staff rough-housing and generally acting like a bunch of unruly teenagers, where is the management at this place? Back up to the seventh floor and finally a room that has been serviced, the carpet was stained, the shower had big masses of hair on the wall, and the toilet was dirty, and the wall next to the toilet had brown spots that I did not want to investigate. I have stayed in nicer Holiday Inns, but it was getting late and I did want spend anymore of my vacation at the front desk, so my wife suggested we go down stairs to eat. While walking down to investigate the restaurant with my wife, and we had to jump off the path into the bushes to avoid being run-over by three hotel employees joyriding a large service cart on the walkway. At this point I had had enough, and went next door to the Four Seasons for dinner, the Four Seasons is the hotel the Grad Wailea is supposed to be, I would have moved there but they were booked up. When I got home and the bill arrived there were charges for valet parking everyday even though I did NOT use valet parking due to another couple warning us they had their camera stolen from their car while it was being valet parked. I asked the front desk for my charges at check-out, and there were no parking charges, they waited and billed me later for the charges, what a scam! Unprofessional and rude staff, poorly kept rooms, unsafe grounds, disgusting food service, and the list goes on and on. There are only two types of people who stay at the Grand Wailea, those who dont know they got ripped off and say it is O.K., and those like me who know they were completely ripped off by the scam artists who run this hotel. Do not ruin your Hawaiian holiday staying at this horrible hotel (if you want luxury, stay at the Four Seasons next door)