My husband and I spent 12 nights in Maui. We went to get married on the beach and spend our honeymoon. We started our vacation at the Maui Prince. That resort was wonderful, we were treated like VIP's and loved everything about it. We scheduled the next four nights at the Grand Wailea. The minute we pulled up to the resort, we both became tense and upset. We arrived before check-in and my husband ran in to see if we would be able to check in early. He didn't pull up in the very front in case we couldn't check in yet and we weren't prepared to have our car valet parked if we couldn't check in. After about 20 minutes, I became restless and began to make my way in when I was accosted by a valet who told me I couldn't leave my car there. I told him we were checking in and apparently that didn't phase him because he told me if I left the car for 20 minutes, they would take the car and park it and charge $15. Growing agitated, I told him I would be right back. At that point, he insisted that I give him the keys. When I found my husband, he was visibly annoyed. Although we were lucky enough to have been able to check in (many in front of him were turned away even with reservations as they were "just too booked". My husband informed the desk clerk that it was our honeymoon and we'd like an upgrade if possible. Apparently, the Grand Wailea must get a lot of honeymooners as the clerk was completely unphased and didn't even respond. (The Maui Prince and the Ritz made it a point to congratulate us and even sent bottles of champagne). Another thing they apparently missed was giving us flower lei's when we arrived - must have been too busy. Thought that was a customary thing in Hawaii - especially at the nicer hotels. The room was nice and the grounds were definitely beautiful. However, we couldn't enjoy it as we soon noticed that the hotel workers union was striking (some type of contract problems with the new owners of Grand Wailea) and marched out front every day until 7 with bullhorns and signs. People were driving up and down the street honking and even with the TV blasting in our room, we couldn't drown it out. When my husband called the manager the first night, he informed him that at least we weren't on the other side of the hotel because they were right next to the construction (building some new timeshares on the property). He did offer us a $200 gift certificate to one of their restaurants and promised that the picketing was only one night. Of course, the next day, it started again. My husband called and spoke with another manager who told us that there was no way the first manager would have said the picketing would last one day becuase it had been going on for a while and they weren't prepared to make any adjustments whatsoever. We managed to get two extra nights at the Ritz Carlton Kapalua where we spent the remaining six nights of our honeymoon. And the Ritz was $200/night cheaper with an oceanview! The Grand Wailea does not seem to care much about their guests. It is DEFINITELY not a place you want to go on your honeymoon - there are too many kids. We loved Maui and plan on going back many times in the future but we will never go back to Grand Wailea.