Our family has been coing to Maui for almost 10 years and each time we pick a 'special' place for Christmas dinner. Chose the Makena this year thinking that the re-do and updates would be enjoyable and fresh. We have ben to the Grand, Maui Coast and Fairmount int he past. We thought the Makena would be as good or better. Wrong. Very very wrong. Initally we were directed to the resturant by a helpful staf member. Once at the desk to check in (with reservations) we were taken to our seats. The overall feeling was that of a sports bar, with tvs hanging from the ceiling area. Once seated, the waiter advised us to simply help ourselves to the buffet. No offer of beverages, nothing. Thinking that the busy tourest season had struck, we wrote it off and continued to the buffet. In fairness,, the food was good with good servers where required. But really messy. Slopped searving spoons beside the trays of food sitting in pools of standing mess. Returning to the table, still no beverage service but the employee that had seated us was seen travellng back and forth to the buffet with armloads of clean dishes. then returning with water for tables. Which we were finally offered. Hurriedly. Thats the last time we saw him. Or anyone else. We completed our meal, waiting for our table to be cleared. Never happened. We returned to the buffet collected some desserts and returned to our table. Clearing the table ourselves, piling dirty dishes on top of each other, we completed our mea. No server. No offer of beverage. No table clearing. Still noting the servers running around in what appeared to be a total uncoordinated fashion, it became obvious no one was in charge. It has been a very very very long time since I have been tempted to get up and leave a resturant without paying.This was one of those times. To be frank, I doubt anyone would know! It was that bad. Totally ignored and tcked off, I walked to the bar, asked for the bill, was kept waiting, standing at the bar (guessing that was why the tv was hanging from the roof). Paying the bill, leaving NOTHING for a tip, I collected my family and left. Free parking from the valet service resulted in a 15 minute wait, while they tried to find my car! Save your money. The service is the worst I have ever experenced with no apparent concern for customer satisfaction. To be honest, you get better service at the 808 deli. Not kidding...the Makena was that bad. T.M. Canada