We arrived at the Maui Prince after two days in Oahu at the Hawaii Prince and two days in Hotel Hana in Maui. It was our honeymoon which we planned several months in advance. We were looking forward to relaxing for 5 nights at the Maui Prince. First off, the bell men were beyond rude. They never welcomed us with leis as we saw others being welcomed. The moquitos run rampant there which we never had any problem with riding all over Maui. The floors and rooms were dirty. Obviously, they don't clean daily. The front desk was also rude. No Aloha spirit in this place which we had gotten accustomed to in other parts of the island. They gave us a pitiful view for our prime ocean view rate. Our shower made a loud banging noise which went from hot to cold to scalding hot while you showered. It also lost most the pressure during use. We asked for a room change or maintenance to fix which they said they did during our dinner. We tried out the hotel restaurant since it' s in the middle of nowhere. The food was mediocre at best with very high prices. The service from wait staff and hostess was also snobby. The other dinner restaurant was closed for renovation til July. We decided to leave the second day but they were going to charge us the early departure fee of one night stay so the manager upgraded us to ocean front room. The view was better, room larger and separate shower but it was old and dirty also. The pool was always hot and there is only one which we were used to several. If you want a nice place to stay, you can get a better rate in Lahaina or Ka-anapali Beach at the Westin, etc with better view and many pools and restaurants. I think people go there to have quiet, but it's not going to happen if that's your reason with the nightly bird convention in lobby and loud shower and faucets. It's falling apart and in need or an upgrade or serious rate adjustments. They charge daily rate for internet and plus additional charge for parking nightly. Rape you every way they can. NOt ideal for honeymoon at all.