My husband and I went on our honeymoon at the beginning of July and were booked at two Prince Hotels, 1 on the Big Island, 1 on Maui. After staying at the Hapuna Beach Prince hotel on the Big Island, we had high expectations of the Maui Prince Hotel. However, our expectations were not met. When we checked in at the front desk, we asked about a room upgrade since we were on our honeymoon, and we were told that the hotel normally does complimentary upgrades but they did not have anything available since the hotel was booked. That was fine with us, so we went to our room. We got off the elevator and there was our room, right in front of the elevator. Not a good location at all. We opened the door and found our roomm in really bad condition. It was equivalent to a run-down Jersey shore motel, except 3 times the price. Our lanai was extremely dirty (see picture), the carpet was ripped in spots, shower was not clean, and the decor was extremely outdated. The showerhead was like nothing I have ever seen. Our view, which was partial oceanview, was mostly of the roof of some building. Now, we do not complain about things, it has to be VERY bad for my husband or I to speak up and complain about something, and this was bad enough for us to go down to the front desk and let them know how unhappy we were. We could not stay in a room like that for the next 7 nights of our honeymoon. We were told that they might have an oceanfront view room available, that the people who were possibly going to stay in it hadn't called back yet, so that we might be able to stay in that room for an extra $80 a night. They said we could check out that room. So, we went down, got the key, and headed up to that room. It was the same type of room, dirty and outdated, the only difference was a gorgeous view off of the lanai. We werent really concerned about the view, so didnt want to spend $80 more a night for this! We went back down to the front desk, and I asked about the complimentary upgrade we were at first told we couldnt get. Now that this room was available, wouldnt this be a free upgrade. We were given some -- story about how since they were booked up it couldnt be given to us for free. So basically we were lied too, told one thing, then another. I just became angrier and angrier. I asked to speak to the manager, I needed some answers. An assistant manager came out to talk to us. She offered us the oceanview room at $60 more a night. We didnt want that. We already paid so much to stay here, and the oceanview room wasnt in any better condition. I felt trapped, and I could feel the tears coming. We were also told before by the man at the desk that if we wanted to leave and cancel our room that they need 72 hours advanced notice or we get charged for the rooms. Thats 3 nights, I couldnt waste 3 nights there! I asked the manager about this and she said she would waive that policy for us if we found somewhere else to stay, she didnt want us to be trapped on our honeymoon somewhere we were unhappy. So, we went back up to our room and started calling around to other resorts to see if we could be accommodated. My husband was set that he wanted the Four Seasons, and he called and they did have rooms available, just not for the current night, but for the rest of our 6 nights. We got prices, and it would be about $80 more a night for a mountainview room there. So, we booked it. We told the hotel wed stay the night and cancelled our other nights. We walked around to check out the rest of the Maui Prince. The nicest part of the hotel was their courtyard in the center. It is a garden like setting, with a very nice waterfall and gorgeous koi pond. We checked out the pool, unimpressive. We went down to their beach, nice beach, but beat up beach chairs and umbrellas. Its really a shame! All in all, the hotel is in desperate need of an update, and will need it in order to stay in commpetition with the other hotels in Maui that are gorgeous and have comparable prices.