This has to be one of, if not the, worst places I've ever stayed--considering the price--and certainly the weirdest. We only stayed here one night. We were previously at the nearby Marriott for 8 days and were able to extend our trip by one night, so we went through Priceline again. When "Maui Prince" came up on Priceline, I cried tears of both laughter and horror because we'd been to the Prince a few days prior for brunch and wondered why--at similar prices to other, nicer resorts--anyone would stay there. The old brown room doors face the lobby and look like a prison. No windows on that side. Although it's open air, the property still manages to be stinky and as another reviewer wrote, smell of mildew. We walked into our nonsmoking room which smelled of years of smoking through a rickety, banged up wooden door. The bedspread looked like a small animal got a hold of it and gnawed for a few hours. The bed was very uncomfortable, and the room was spacious in a creepy way. The TV remote is connected to the tv, so a wire dangles in front of it while viewing. No, I don't go to a resort to watch a tv, but something so outmoded should not be in a room that's over $39.99/night. We were in the room about 20 min. when someone walked in, unanounced/no knocking, and shouted "ALOHAAAAA" and offered us snacks. Very random and strange, I found it amusing but would not have had I been asleep or undressed! The bathroom was unreal. It cracked me up...yellowed plastic shower curtain hooks, crazy, dated pseudo-tropical decor, and it even had one of those old Clairol make-up mirrors, where you switch the "lighting" to office, night, etc. Drumroll... it was BROKEN, so basically there was just a clunky piece of discolored plastic taking up counter space. The toilet is literally in a closet attached to the bathroom. The bathroom sink made a very loud howling noise everytime we turned it on for 2-3 minutes. The restaurants are not attractive. We ate at Prince Court, which was below average food and very pricey. No cheaper than Grand Wailea, which is nuts when you're sitting on old vinyl and an atmosphere barely above IHOP. The pool bar is a tiny hut and very limited. Again, no cheaper than any other resorts. The pool is round and small with extremely limited poolside service. The pool towels I got for the beach smelled smoky. One plus--the beach is really wonderful! Very close to the property and peaceful. While lying on the beach, I was thinking that Prince really should market itself as a lower-priced option and charge less, or do some serious renovation, but with the amount of money it would take to bring it even close to modern, I can't imagine the rates could still compete with other properties. Please note: I am someone who is not particularly uptight and I love kitsch. I thought I might actually be amused to make it through one night. Nope. I left feeling exhausted and dirty. I've never written a review here, but thought it was my duty to warn others the minute I got home!