I booked this hotel at last minute on Priceline for part of our Honeymoon trip. I had previously saw it on Expedia and thought it looked very pretty, and for the price in that area of town thought it was a deal. We were supposed to stay two days in Maui and both days were booked at the Four Seasons. At last minute, I started to feel bad about paying $700 for a two night stay and decided to make it one night at the Four Seasons and one night somewhere else so I decided to enlist Priceline in that help. I knew we wanted to remain in the Waliea area so I put in the price of $150 for a resort hotel and it took it. When it came up the Maui Prince, I thought "What a great deal for a nice resort!" Looking on their website you can see that their rooms go up to $300 and $400 so I figured it must be decent. We passed the Four Seasons on our way there since it's only 2 miles apart and I knew that I had probably made a mistake. The Four Seasons looked so nice and classy and upon getting to this hotel, it looked just ok. My husband who is never one to complain just said that I was going to complain about anything I could because I wanted to be at the Four Seasons. When we got there, the receptionist was very nice and let us check in about 2 hours early. We got a room on the fifth floor that faced the golf course. Upon entering the hotel we definitely noticed that the decor was old. As many previous responses have said, the bathrooms had the kind of shower heads that you use to water your dog. Still my husband wasn't sure that it was a bad place so we changed and headed out to the pool. The pool is a little small and round. We decided to bypass this because the 10 people that were laying there were all staring when we walked by and no one was in the pool. So we decided to go out to the beach. The beach is an ok area and ok in size. There were only 20 people or so out there so we were able to get a chair. The bar attendant on that day was Lucky, and he was excellent bartender and very funny. One of the girls that was waitressing was talking about how they were going to close early because they weren't busy and hadn't been all week. The more we go to talking to her, the more she told us all the things that were wrong with the hotel. She also stated that if they did not redo some of the decor and pool, they would not be able to keep up with the other hotels in that area. We went out later that night and upon getting back, we pulled back the sheets to go to bed. There was a long black hair on the pillow. Both my husband and I have blonde hair so it wasn't either of ours. Upon pulling back the covers, there were 3 more hairs, one more long hair and two small short hairs, not the kind out of your head! So, I picked up one of the pillows to get the sheets off the bed and a cockroach came walking out from underneath the pillow. At that point my husband was unhappy and decided to call the front desk. They were very nice and changed our room, but we had to pack everything up at 12:00 midnight and move down 7 rooms. It was at that point, that my husband decided the hotel was not a "Resort" but more a dump that needed updating. I am the first to admit that I am very picky, and the decor doesn't bother some people, but when there is someone else's hair on your sheets and pillows that is something to be picky about. First thing I did when we changed rooms was call the Four Seasons to see when we could come over. The receptionist stated that we were guests when Saturday morning hit and that the spa opened at 6:00 am and the pool opened at 7:00 am, and we were welcome to come over anytime after 6:00 am to leave our luggage and change in the spa and swim. Needless to say that we got dressed and headed over there about 10:00 am without even going back to Maui Prince to swim or lay on the beach. Once we checked in with the Four Seasons, the met us with real lei's and allowed us to not only swim at that time, but even let us do an early check-in at 10:30 am!! The normal check-in is at 3:00pm. My husband has decided that if we go back, it is worth our money to save and stay at the Four Seasons the whole time. I wouldn't waste my money on this place!!