When I arrived at the Napili Kai, I was not overwhelmed with the beauty of the property, like I have at places like Grand Wailea or Hyatt in Kauai. I just reminded myself we did book a condo to save some money on meals to keep in kitchen and maybe use the b-que grill for dinner. (with a family of 5, meals in Maui can cost a small fortune). That didn't work out so good. The food we bought and kept in the kitchen area, had bugs in it that came from our room. We opened the cabinets and there were small (ants?) everywhere. Frustrated, we went down to the SeaHouse Restaurant on beach for dinner. My iced tea has some kind of weird slime in it, they took it away and apologized. Found a couple bugs in basket of rolls, and the food wasn't very good. Did I mention the bathroom had mildew on ceiling of shower. I just wanted to quickly shower and get out quickly, not a good feeling when you are paying $500 a night. On top of that we paid an extra $400 to guarantee a room with A/C. That's crazy! I heard some rooms are upgraded, but ours #204 in the Puna building was not!! Then we get up the next morning, go to the patio door thinking we are having a major storm, and notice a sprinkler must have broke and is spraying all over our patio door and lanai. Stinks especially when you have towels and swim wear out to dry, that is now soaked. I spoke with manager, and he let us out of last 2 nights there and we were able to get a room at the Hyatt, much better by the way. When we thought that bad experience was over, the next day, we find out our bank account is empty. Napili Kai decided to take out almost $3000. for no apparent reason. When I called to find out why, they weren't sure why, but couldn't get the manager until the end of the week. I demanded to speak to someone as to why they took out any money from our account because our room for the 2 nights was pre paid several months in advance, and only came to $470 a night not $3000. They gave us the run around, until we took a drive over there, and my husband, spoke with the manager, that supposively was gone until Friday. They did refund us the $2900, but are still curious why??? If you are staying in this area, I do recommend Kapalua Bay. It is beautiful and not very crowded. The guys snorkeled and had luck while we played on our boogie boards. If you want a nice place, we recommend the Hyatt on Kaanapali, we paid $450 a night, and our last 2 nights in Maui, we splurged at the Grand Wailea, but worth every penny, gorgeous and the kids had a blast at the pools.