We were booked to stay at the Napili Kai at the end of what was, up until then, an absolutely fantastic, trouble-free Honeymoon. Our first issue, albeit a relatively minor one, was the parking. The parking spots are quite narrow and require you to squeeze into a spot, which isn't very comforting when you're driving a rented car. The other thing we noticed about the parking lot, which was a far bigger issue, was that they had a large garbage bin located there, which was also not far from our room assigment. This would probaly help explain the tons of flying bugs we had to wade through to get to our room. We were picking bugs off our clothes when we got to our room. Speaking of our room, it was more like a motel room than a pricey ocean view room at a Maui "resort". The furnishings were outdated and "cheesy", for lack of a better word. What's worse, our so called "ocean view" was actually a view of some kiddie golf course, a crowded pool and some big orange and yellow striped tent. If you stood out on the lanai and angeled yourself a certain way you could catch a sliver of ocean, but this was hardly what I had in mind for an "ocean view" room. Plus, standing out on the lanai was a rather unplesant experience since it was also inundated with flying bugs. Needless to say, we were less than thrilled with the accomodations already. At this point we went to the front desk to voice our concerns and, although polite, they made no effort what-so-ever to accomodate us. To be honest we weren't all that interested in staying there any longer anyway so we didn't really make much of an argument out of it either. We promptly made other arrangements at the Sheraton, which we wound up paying for out of pocket, and checked out right then. I could not in good conscience recommend this place to anyone, unless of course you're into insects, paying resort rates for a motel room, are very open minded on the meaning of ocean view, and don't mind a complacent staff. Obviously, we were quite disgusted by the whole experience. Do yourself a favor a pay a bit more to stay somewhere nicer.