5 STAR HOTEL???? I think not! I am so unsatisfied with the "service" i received while on my HONEYMOON during the week of September 20 through September 27th, 2011. I spoke with some very nice staff, specifically GARY and Heidi. They were wonderful! But other than that, Heidi informed me that my reservations did not show that my husband and I were on our honeymoon and we had booked a honeymoon package....Odd? Yes, very. The first evening we arrived, our flight came in at 5:45 and the rental car place had closed at 5; all of this was booked through the Ritz and guess what? We had to take a TAXI from the airport to get to the hotel?!?!?!?! what kind of service is this? no shuttle from the hotel, no knowledge of our rental or anything. That was the first sign of an "uh oh" to our week at "The Ritz". Their service is highly lacking! Back to the first evening; I was carded at the bar. I am sorry; I have a wedding ring on and I do NOT look 18. I am 28 and my husband is 34. I was carded, he was not. (we ordered separately from the same bartender) After traveling for over 15+ hours I just wanted a nice glass of wine and I get carded. BEWARE OF this "2006 best beach" award...it might be the best beach but the CONSTANT WIND is a complete turn off. if you plan on being a 'beach bum"....book your stay at the grand about 50 miles south of kapalua. Notice at the pools how there are NO umbrellas offered nor at the beach. It was ridiculous. The prices were high for everything, which is expected but $150 for a "Ritz Carlton" embroidered beach bag that would be able to carry a few items is completely ridiculous. I will never never never book with this ritz again. For 5k I felt cheated and I would have been happier to stay at a HOLIDAY INN!!!!!!!! I am so unsatisfied with this stay that I will be writing The Ritz and other companies as well. I recommend you DO not stay at this resort. EVER! I am sorry that this was MY one and ONLY honeymoon and I spent a week at this crap resort. This is no 5 star resort, its at best a 1 or a 2. Save your money and never stay at The Ritz in Kapalua.