After seeing the Hawaii golf tournament at the Plantation and having a wonderful experience at the Ritz Carlton in Boston MA we decide to spurge on a couple days stay at this 5 star Maui hotel. We even went with their club level service. Our arrival was nice with a lei greeting, a cool towel and valet parking. It stopped there. At the desk we were told we had to play a resort fee---which included free self parking and use of the pool. The valet parking we had just gotten was another charge. If we wanted to use the gym and spa amenities that would be another charge. If we wanted to take any classes (yoga, etc.) that would be another charge. And the list went on....Our room at the club level was nice with a view of the golf course but the air system was musty and mildewy and cause an allergic reaction from my husband. The toiletries had a very unpleasant smell. The club lounge was lovely! The food there was out of this world! We spoke with the chef. It seems that they have hired a chef just for the club level food. I can't say enough about how wonderful the food was! With appetizers and a cocktail in our bellies we went to down to the pool area. It was 5:30ish and there were no attendants around. There was not a towel to be found except wet, used ones strewn an chairs all over the pool area. We hopped in the whirlpool which felt very nice but looked like it could use a bit of cleaning. We had scrumptious desserts and nightcaps in the club lounge and retired where something in our room bite me and on rising the next morning I had numerous welts on my body. That morning when we returned to the pool area at 9am the same used towels were still on chairs all around the pool. We also noticed in the light that the chairs were absolutely filthy! Dirt spots and oil spots. There was only one single stand open to get towels. There were no chair covers just an extra towel (too small) to use on the chair. No suntan lotion. No water. No poolside attendants. There was no life here. All the other vacationers seemed to be gloomy and sad. No friendly hellos or smiles here. We decided to check out a day early and I must say the front desk was very accommodating to our request. I can't at this time recommend this hotel---but they do have superior food in the club level lounge.