I have the perspective of staying at least seven different Ritz Carlton Resorts around the world and I feel I have enough experiences to make a judgement. In short, save your money and don't get sucked into the so called luxury experience. To start, the hotel concierge provided incorrect information as to when the infamous Plantation Course would under go aeration. I twice made phone calls to confirm that the course would be suitable for my days of travel & stay at the Ritz. Upon arrival I was informed that the Plantation Course was being aerated and the greens fees were $235. I had to play because I flew 5000 miles to experience it. I've played all over the world and do yourself a favor: buy tickets for whale watching if you want great views of water and whales breaching. Wailea is a much better exchange of value for the golf experience. I am a true golf junky ,trust me. My mouth waters every year in January when they play the SBS tournament. When I got to the course for my tee time, they informed me that there was also a slight construction project going on that day. They dug up the back 9 for irrigation. I was playing in between tractors and workers who were clueless I just paid good money to play this course. When leaving the property, be sure to review your bill carefully. I had purchased a package that included all the breakfasts and they somehow double charged me along with other charges that I charged to another card. The attention to detail at this property is very poor and probably due to the "relaxed nature" of the locals who seem to be sleep walking. I just can't recommend this place ever. To go further, the coffee was cold 3 of the 5 days and tasted like it was sitting in a metal pot all day long. Seriously, how do you mess up coffee? Resort fee of $20 per day. Why? Everything on this trip was prepaid and I find this fee a nickel and dime fee. Just add it to the room charge or whatever. There is only one Ritz that I will ever revisit and that is in Ireland. Maybe the rest of the Ritz Carlton clowns should go there to learn how to run a real luxury hotel.