We had an incredibly horrible stay at the Ritz last month. It was like a bad episode of the Twilight Zone. We have stayed at the Ritz about 8-10 times since 2002 and have always been treated so well. Our Ritz stays have always been the highlight of our Hawaii trips. We always called it our home away from home because we knew that no matter how the rest of our trip went, that we would have a great stay at the Ritz. This was not meant to be this time. Upon check-in we were not recognized as repeat guests and definately not treated that way. We arrived early and did not expect to check in right away, but we had to wait over five hours when they plenty of availibility. We asked the front desk where we could change for the pool while we waited. They told us to use the spa as they have lockers there. When we arrived at the spa, the woman there told us to go down the hall and use the PUBLIC restrooms to change. We told her twice that we were waiting to check-in. So the tone is setting for this stay. After about five hours and twenty minutes they finally had our room ready. We were the last people who had thier luggage stored by the bell desk to get checked in. Whe booked an Ocean View Suite. We almost died hwn we saw where they had put us. It was the worst room in the category! We were on the side towards the back. We had to crane to the left to see the ocean. We were facing some woods too. The double lanai was so small on one side that it would be hard for the two fo us to fit on it. The other side had no roof over it. We found it VERY strange that this was the first time we had not recieved an upgrade. I would understand if they had a full house, but they were fairly empty. We just looked at each other and told the bellman not to take our luggage off the cart. They finally put us in an Ocean Front Suite. They had so many avilable that they gave us four choices. On a previous stay they asked for our preferences for which side of the resort we like as well as our wine preferences, etc. Why did they put us through this hassle then? When we were there last March, there was a knock on the door every hour for five hours with welcome back amenities. This stay, we didn't even have one knock. We didn't even get the obligatory welcome back letter from the GM. We called down to let housekeeping know what time we like our turndown and regular houskeeping done. It's always 10:00 am and 6:30 PM. That night at 7:00 PM they still hadn't come for turndown and we had dinner on the way, so they had to rush up to refresh towels etc. We are off to a very bad start and it still gets MUCH worse. Of course there were 35 mile an hour winds so we couldn't enjoy our lanai's. My husband had to pull a chair into the very corner to smoke a cigar. The next morning we sent down a lot of dry cleaning and went to the pool for the day. That evening they put our drycleaning in the living room closet. We ordered dinner at 7:00 PM. When you order room service they always say that dinner will be up in 30 minutes or less. We were talking and noticed that it was 7:45. I called down to see where our dinner was. They said they had a problem with our order. How bizzare. They said it would be another 25 minutes. I called down to management to ask why we were being treated the way we were. They didn't know what to say. Dinner finally showed up around 8:15 or a bit before. The manager said that dinner was on them. I will gladly pay my bill, just give me what's promised. By this time we had decided that we were checking out three days early. Enough was enough. Apparently, guest loyalty didn't mean too much to the Ritz Kapalua. The next morning I went to put on one of the blouses I had dry cleaned. All the clothes we sent down were Tommy Bahama, which is all silk. I looked at it and it had huge blue ink stains on the front and back. When we checked all our other clothes we had sent down, we found 7 articles that were ruined. Management sent up loss prevention and they took pictures to put in a claim. Once Tommy Bahama does a print they never do it again. My blouses can never be replaced. My husband lost 4 pair of Tommy Bahama shorts and the rest were mine. The Ritz has since sent us a check for $580.00. We cannot fathom why the Ritz would let loyal guest such a us go through what we did. The whole thing was so weird because my husband kept saying that he had a creepy feeling this stay and I told him that it felt like someone was watching us. I don't know if the rumors about the Ritz being haunted are true, but the hair on the back of my neck still stands on end when I remember how both of us had an eerie feeling while on that property. I have not felt the "cold"(ghost) spots people talk about, but if someone built a resort on top of or so many feet from my relatives, I would haunt it too. We were told that the GM would be contacting us soon. To this day, we haven't heard from him.