Coming over from Oahu on our Honeymoon (stayed at the outrigger there), we were excited to spend 6 nights at the Ritz and then move on to The Big Island. Having been in the hotel business, I have come to know and respect the reputation of the Ritz brand. After driving for an hour from the airport, we arrived on property. The valet staff was attentive and check in was fast. We made our way to our room and let out an audible gasp when we walked into the room. It was as though we walked onto the set of "Golden Girls" The dated pink carpet and floral prints would have served most retirement villages well, but certainly not what I expected (and was disappointing). I was waiting for Bea Arthur or Betty White to walk in from the Lanai and say "just kidding." The large marble bathroom with double sink, private toilet area, and stall/tub shower was probably the best part of the room. Oddly enough, each room is equipped with a "cooler" that looks like a refrigerator, but does not work as such (its sole purpose is to keep things at room temperature), so we needed to order a refrigerator for the room. The hotel was extremely quiet and stodgy. Definitely not the place to bring kids, or young adults, or middle-aged adults, or young senior citizens...people 80 and over may feel comfortable there... Don't look for elaborate pools or resort type beachfronts...for this, you need to go to Ka'napali. The hotel is far from most everything and its restaurants are severly overpriced and overrated. We ate at the Banyan tree for dinner, where the atmosphere and live music was great, but the food left something to be desired (ie, small portions, big tickets, mediocre quality). The waiter there was handling roughly 10 tables on his own (during dinner hour) which indicates poor planning/management by the hotel. This level of (dis)service salted the wound of $200. The beach restaurant is ok, but overpriced and again the level of service (one waitress for the entire restaurant at lunch hour) made for a long wait, in addition to a ridiculous check when compared to the food quality. Luckily, our package included breakfast because I could not see spending $60 for two people for a buffet that probably costs the hotel $4.50 per person at most. We did have a good experience at the Terrace restaurant for dinner, where (once again, only one waiter) the gentlemen server was extremely friendly and hospitable. The absolute worst part of our stay was when the hotel valet gave our rental car to someone else, and someone else's car to us. We realized this after an hour into our drive to the Hana Highway. We wound up turning around and going back to the hotel. While the hotel manager on duty helped us rearrange our schedule and offered us 2 complimentary massages, this really aggravated my wife and I, as we totally blew a whole day on trying to track down our car and trying to rearrange our schedule of pre-booked and pre-paid activities. Lastly, on checkout, we had to wait 47 minutes for the hotel's only bellman on duty to take our bags from our room. This was the icing on the cake to our less than satisfactory visit to the Ritz. I would highly recommend that people stay at another property, because this is not the type of Ritz Carlton quality of service that exists on the mainland. Instead, check out the Hyatt or Westin in Ka'anapali (which is closer to Lahina and also has better weather). While the grounds of the Ritz are beautiful, the interior rooms need work, and the management could use a few pointers in how to run a more effective operation, in line with guest expectations.