I surprised my husband with a ten day rather than a seven day trip to Hawaii. We had been there for our Honeymoon and were looking forward to the return eight years later. We had left the Maui Ocean Club with a less than perfect stay because of the mold in the air conditioner and the room over the laundry area that had constant aroma of laundry detergent wafting into our room. I assured my husband that it would be worth the extra money for a first class hotel. On check-in, we were told our reservation was lost. We went to the Terrace Club for a pizza while we waited for them to work it out. Two of the three ingredients on our pizza were missing and about fifteen minutes later they arrived on a separate plate. The waitress apologized and was very nice. Two hours later (because the delay with the pizza) we tried checking in again, they still couldn't find the reservation, but gave us a room anyway. When we arrived, the bellhop laid out our suitcases, took his tip and left. It was then that I noticed the robe on the chair (used), the jacket from the previous guest's stay on the table, and when I walked into the bathroom was shocked to see open toiletries everywhere. I called for assistance to clean the bathroom and 40 minutes later walked to the front desk with the open bars of soap, shampoo, etc. to exchange. It was another 20 minutes before a maid showed up to clean the room. That night, I was tired and disappointed but determined to make the best of it and laid down on the bed, curled up on my side, and promptly slid to the floor as a result of the swayback mattress. I propped up the mattress with a pillow and just slept, hoping the next day would be better. We left a note for them to switch or flip the mattress and weren't surprised when the tip was gone, but the note still there hours later. The best part of the stay was the pool, we had it to ourselves at night and swam our frustrations away, but I feel we were robbed for the price we paid for a mediocre dirty room, less than five star service, and a lack on the part of management to make things right. I will never pay to stay there again. And oh yes, I took pictures of the room and mattress to share with my friends back home just in case they thought it too bizarre to be real.