We stayed at the Ritz Carlton, Kapalua Bay Resort for our honeymoon and it was terrible. We booked the resort expecting to enjoy a five-star hotel in Maui. This certainly was not the case, especially when compared to our experience at the other five-star hotels we stayed at on Hawaii and Oahu. From the moment we arrived, we knew we wanted to leave. We had to remove our own bags from our rental car since the young woman who was working at the bellhop desk could not lift them herself. Inside, we were not greeted as we had been when we arrived at the other hotels we had visited with flower leis and cool drinks. While checking in, we were not placed in the same room category as we had reserved. We were told the only room ready was one with a partial ocean view. What initially appeared to be an upgrade, was in fact a pool view room with a huge palm tree obstructing any view of the ocean. We were given the keys and told to walk down the hallway and find it ourselves. We were not offered any tour of the resort, explanation of amenities or services, nor the breakfast that was included in our rate, or locations of the various facilities. In fact, there was a whole hallway full of shops that we stumbled upon before we checked out that we never knew of. To add insult to injury, during our stay we watched as other guests were greeted with such amenities and shown to their rooms by hotel staff. While the property at the Ritz Carlton is aesthetically pleasing, it certainly leaves a lot to be desired in every other department. The room had a musty odor that resembled dirty socks and urine and overall was generally was dirty. The housekeeper did not change or even pick up our robes off the floor during our entire stay. The sheets were not changed. Those are just complaints related to the condition of our room. While at breakfast the first morning, I was given a "wake up call" by pouring clumpy sour milk into my coffee. Trying to relax at the pool was impossible. There are no umbrellas to shade guests from the intense Hawaiian sun. In order to sit in a cabana, you need to rent it for more than $75 a day. While at the pool one day, a rude waiter insisted that we moved seats while he was ordering our drinks despite us being the only people sitting in the particular location for forty minutes while waiting for him to return. We even overheard him bad mouthing us to other guests. Our bed was broken and worn out. There was a big gully on one side. After complaining about the bed, we returned one night to find an alleged "new mattress," which was curiously covered with down feathers. The bed linens were thrown in a ball on top of our luggage. We were quite surprised to see that the room had been left in that condition, if only to somehow prove to us that the mattress had been changed. At least we did not see any roaches, maybe they don't like musty odors and clumpy sour milk.