I went on my long awaited one week vacation to Maui hoping to get away from hectic Los Angeles life and challenging work. I booked my ocean view room at the Whaler by calling an Aston reservations representative. Based on previous reviews, it appeared that there may be construction projects scheduled for the Whaler. During the booking process, I was reassured by the agent that all construction projects at the Whaler have been completed. Upon my arrival to the Whaler on October 29, 2010, I was immediately greeted with horrible construction noise. At check in, I was given a room in tower one, where most of the construction was going on. The construction noise was unbearable and I kindly asked for a different room. I was then given a room in tower two. I mentioned the construction noise to, Annette, the front desk representative. I also informed Annette that I was advised by Aston staff at the time of booking that there was no planned construction for the Whaler. Annette explained that the construction noise during renovations two years ago was much worse as compared to the noise now, which was no solace to me. The room in tower two was dirty and the furniture was dated. The noise from the construction in tower one was still very bothersome. During my first night at the Whaler, I noticed that the toilet was leaking. I advised the front desk staff of the plumbing problem, however, the maintenance man wanted to see an actual puddle before fixing the leak. It took five days for maintenance to fix the toilet leak. Not once was my room properly cleaned during my stay at the Whaler. My room was plagued with an increasing amount of dust. Housekeeping staff also neglected to change the original tattered blood stained bed sheets. On day five of my trip, I woke up in the morning to find a lizard crawling on the ceiling of my room situated on the twelfth floor of the structure. I called the front desk and security was kind enough to remove the lizard from my room. The Whaler staff found a lizard crawling in my room to be very amusing. At $200 per night, I do not wish to be sharing my accommodations with reptiles. I am from LA and I do not even do camping. While walking down the stairs at the Whaler, I noticed numerous dead cockroaches the size of rats and a chemical smell. Based on the previous review of the Whaler, it appears they were fumigating the property for pests at the time of my visit. None of this information was disclosed by Whaler staff. I do not wish to be exposed to chemicals and other carcinogens during my vacation. If I had known about the fumigation, I would have left the Whaler immediately. The staff at the Whaler expressed no remorse for the condition of their property, the construction noise the reptile infested room or for completely ruining my vacation. Annette appeared especially condescending and unprofessional. My long awaited one week of relaxation on Maui turned out to be a nightmare, due to the Whaler. The Whaler is situated on a nice stretch of Kaanapali Beach and has nice potential. However, due to current property conditions, construction noise, poor customer service and deceptive practices, I strongly caution other vacationers from staying at the Whaler on Kaanapali Beach!!!