Maybe it's the construction, but the staff and management simply don't care about you. This was a repeat visit for me here, but they could care less. Here were my problems: A) When I made the reservation, I asked for Tower I, Floors 9 - 12. Instead, I was assigned a 4th floor room in Tower II. They were able to change it to a 9th floor room, but still in Tower II. I asked again, and suddenly they were able to give me an 11th Floor room in Tower I - which was what I had requested in the first place! B) The concierge overcharges. I asked about a discount I could have received by booking a snorkel trip on my own and was told they are given the same discount. I found out later I was overcharged $21. Not a huge amount of money, but it was how I was lied to directly to my face about details of the discount. C) I tried cashing a check for $100, rather than paying ATM fees. They need to get verification from a 3rd party service. She tried for 15 minutes, but kept messing up the procedure! I finally grabbed the check from her hand and RAN to catch a bus I was trying to catch. I simply used an ATM later on. The day I was checking out, I asked to see a manager, which brings up another concern... D) It took 15 minutes for the manager to come out. He only came out after I STERNLY requested to the front counter person a 3rd time I wanted to talk to him. The manager appeared to smirk as I mentioned to him the problems mentioned above, and the answer I got really only seemed to be that with the construction, it's been a very trying time at the resort. There's nothing he can do about the concierge as they use an outside service, and as for the staff member that couldn't handle the check cashing procedure - well, he blamed the company they use for cashing checks! The manager never once faulted his staff or representatives on their property for their errors on any issue. Oh, the staff did seem concerned about us on one occasion - checking out! They called TWICE to see when we were planning on checking out! Gee...must be their way of saying "Aloha" to their guests! So, in summary, the staff and management simply don't seem to care about the customers at this point. Their occupancy rate is well below 50%, and instead of trying to satisfy the ones that do come, they give them a hard time, don't try to accomodate their requests, and dismiss their concerns. It's unfortunate as the room we had was wonderful with a great view of the ocean, the mountains, and nearby islands. But with no one caring about the guests, there's no way I can recommend to anyone to stay here (heck, I didn't even mention the construction issues!!!)