We just returned from our vacation to Maui. We booked The Whaler because of very good recommendations from our travel agent, as well as numerous good reviews on this website, but our experience didn't turn out very well. This was our 5th trip to Maui and we have stayed at a variety of condos and hotels, but we have never checked out early or had an experience like this one! We booked the trip more than 7 months in advance and paid for a 2 bed/ocean front condo. We had 5 in our group, and the accomodations were SOLD to us as 1 king, 2 twins and a sofa sleeper. Our only request was that it be on a higher floor for a better view. We checked in on Wed. July 6 and were told the only 2 bed /ocean front condo was on the 1st floor. We were very disappointed, but after a long day of traveling decided to just settle in. After checking in, we went to park the car. The outside parking is limited, so we had to park in the underground garage. It was then that we discovered the WARNING signs saying that the parking garage is aging and there could be FALLING CONCRETE that could hurt YOU or your car. "Park at your own risk". We went to our condo, and the first thing we noticed was a rollaway bed in the living room. It didn't have a sofa sleeper as were the accomodations we had paid for. The next thing we noticed was the view. Being a 2 bed/ ocean FRONT condo the view should be great! Because it was on the first floor, there were shrubs to the top of the patio railing which was over 4 feet tall. So to see the ocean from the front, you had to stand up! That night we learned that the barbecue area for our tower was directly in front of our condo because people were out there enjoying the barbecue until the wee hours of the morning. When we went to bed we found that our king size bed was actually 2 smaller beds pushed together...where you felt like you were going to fall thru the middle. The next morning there was a note on our door that they were fumigating the INSIDE of the condos on Fri. and we would have to be out for several hours. Not only is that inconvenient to HAVE to be out, but we had someone with us with severe allergies and that would be a big problem! We went to the desk several times and the best they could do was move us to a higher floor half way through our stay. I realize this is a very busy time of year and they can't be blamed for being booked up. BUT, the accomodations that we paid A LOT for were not what we got, and the front desk didn't really seem to care. After going back and forth with the travel agency and the tour company we moved to The Hyatt on Fri.( before the fumigation) and enjoyed the rest of our stay on Maui. (The front desk was shocked that we checked out!) Let me add that our condo was VERY clean as were the grounds of the Whaler. I didn't realize The Whaler complex was 30 years old, and the pictures of the condos on The Whaler website must have been updated, as our condo was out of the 1970's and nothing like the pictures. While I would NOT stay at The Whaler again, I will definitely keep using this website to learn about other places to stay...it's full of great information!