I will start this review by saying that I was expecting something completely different when I booked my vacation here based on the other reviews. This hotel is extremely large and I felt that it has perfected the art of nickel and diming its customers to death. Want a beach chair? Pay money. Want to park or use the internet? Resort fee. etc., etc. First, the pros: The beds are soft and the beach towels are surprisingly soft. The location has a decent view when you're standing on the beach. After all, you are on a beach. A couple of the staff were friendly. You can call to complain via 1-800 number at 6:00 AM. The cons that I encountered far exceeded the pros: Most importantly, all three of the rooms I checked in to had defects or noise issues. The first room was a mountain view. Mostly, I saw and heard the parking lot, including slamming of car doors and car alarms. The shower in that room barley functioned. The second room was a garden view (an upgrade for our dissatisfaction) and it smelled like moldy carpet. The carpet was pulling away from the door. The front desk attendant suggested that I simply, "keep the door to the room open," to rid the room of the smell. He said they often have problems with humidity causing mold or mildew smells. The room feels damp and soggy. The third room, also a garden view, was also quite noisy. My husband and I elected to stay in the smelly room instead of the other noisy room. No other rooms were offered to us, possibly due to availability. We are canceling the remainder of our stay and transferring to another hotel. Additional things that were off-putting to me: The staff was rude or off putting most of the time. The food is overpriced for the relative quality, especially the breakfast. Parking is a nightmare after 6:00 PM. Lines to the front desk are long. Some elevators were out during our stay. Another thing that stands out is the aggressive sales pitches the concierges forced us through when we wanted to ask a question. Overall, the stay wasn't great. It isn't romantic and when you're here, you'll feel like you just stepped into an artificial environment. If you like shopping malls and enjoy large swimming pools, this is the place for you.