My husband, daughter, and I stayed at the resort for a little more than a week after Christmas and into January. We are SPG owners and requested 2 rooms near each other on the "owners" floors. We checked in and were placed on the 7th floor (lower floor) in a room the size of a closet (I was told by the staff all the rooms would be the same). Given we were getting in at 12am, I decided to let it go and went to the concierge desk the next day. I especially wanted to change rooms because a huge tree outside our room was home to literally hundreds of very loud birds each morning. The concierge directed me to the front desk person who was alone on the desk and clearly overwhelmed by the line of people checking in/out and wanting changes. When I got to her and explained our original request, she said there weren't any owner's floors (though the upper floors had signs indicating such) and that all rooms were the same. I asked again about changing both rooms and she slapped a map of the resort on the counter and said, "Well, you tell me where you want to move because I certainly don't know what you want." Hello? Service with a smile? I explained again, very politely, that we wanted to be on an upper floor, not near the elevator, and that the reservations had been made in August, and we appreciated her help. She went on the computer for a while and found two rooms on an upper floor that would be available later in the day. I thanked her, we packed our bags to be moved when the rooms were available, and went on our way. When we returned, we went to our rooms and found one room was directly across from the elevator and the room was very dirty (e.g., hair on the bathroom floor, damage to the walls, etc.). The elevator is very old and the whole night we could hear it grinding up and down the building, stopping at every floor. We decided not to try again, but looked forward to leaving as soon as we could. I will say the grounds are beautiful and the breakfast buffet was sufficient (would be nice to have different items every once in a while). The service throughout the property was not good- people didn't help those of us staying there or each other (often heard arguments among the staff and blatant sabotage of each other). We did enjoy the fitness room and very much appreciated the use of workout clothing. I do not recommend this resort. On the basis of this stay, we are now selling our Starwood units and staying as often as possible at Fairmont properties.