Before I go into the details of my stay I have to say I am usually a big fan of Westin hotels (Starwood Preferred Gold). I read some of the negative reviews and decided to stay at the Westin anyway since I have never had a bad experience at a Westin property. My wife and I recently traveled to Maui and decided to stay at the Westin using a combination of points and cash. When we arrived at the hotel we were impressed with the beautiful lobby. We then checked into the hotel were told that we were be upgraded to a Mountain View room on the 10th floor. So far so good. We then got into the elevator which set the tone for the overall cleanliness of the hotel. The elevator looked as though it had not been wiped down since it was originally installed. As we walked down the hallway to our room we noticed a couple of dirty room service trays sitting on the ground. Throughout our stay we found this was a par for the course. We would see the same dirty trays and trash sit in the hallways for several hours. At one point I noted the time we first saw a couple of trays in the hallways, six hours later the trays were still sitting in the same place. In that time someone from room service had come through the hallway at least twice and never bothered to clean up. When the trays were finally picked up trash that was sitting on the side of one of the trays was left there. That trash sat in the same place for another day before it was picked up. The room itself was very small and had limited space to put our clothes (no real closet). The bed had the Heavenly pillow top mattress which helped but was not to the same standard as other Westins I have stayed at in the past. The pillow top mattress was not able to make up for the old box spring and mattress. The room had a balcony with a small table and two chairs. The view of the mountains was very nice. However, when you looked down you there was the self parking lot. The problem with the parking lot is that the noise from the horns honking was unbearable Every time someone locked their car doors their horn would honk. The only thing more annoying was those times when the lock button was mistaken for the panic button and we got to hear the car alarm go off. The worst part of the stay was the service provided by Service Express and the front desk. I stopped by the front desk to see if they had a room that was not directly on top of the parking lot and was told I could pay extra for an ocean view room. I then called later to talk with a manager and was told she would note my complaint in the system but she could not help me. This is not say that certain individuals did not go above and beyond to try and make the stay enjoyable. The staff in the restaurants and the valet parking attendants were always very friendly and helpful. The location was incredible. The pool was very nice. However, the poor service from the front desk and service express, the lack of cleanliness, and poorly maintained rooms make the Hyatt a better choice for the money. I have stayed at the Hyatt and Ritz-Carlton several times and how found the experience at these hotels to be much better. I paid $90 per night, plus $25 resort fee, and 4,600 Starwood points per night for this stay. Despite paying a little over $100 per night for hotel that charges $300 per night I feel like I was robbed. The experience I had at the Westin might have been bearable if it was free. I would have been much more upset if I would have paid the over $300 per night the hotel was charging for now award rooms during my stay. I would recommend the Hyatt as a better choice.