My wife and I along with our 8 yr old girl and 4 yr old boy stayed at this Westin from Dec 26th, 08 to Jan 2nd, 09. Upon check-in, the red-head gentleman at the front desk told me that we requested a room away from the elevator, but the room we were assigned to was exactly next to the elevator. He also told me that we would need to wait 45min - 1 hour if we want a room as requested. So...we waited for our room. Check-in time is written at 3 PM. We checked into the room at 5:15 PM. The same guy who checked us in also tried to tell us that our rate was alot higher that what we reserved the room for. We had to pull out the laptop on the spot and slapped the reservation page in his face before he agreed to change the rate to what our reservation records said. I find this to be the most disgusting tactic to rip off people who are there for a relaxing time. It is a know fact that Maui tourism dropped severely all of last year, and this must be the time for the hotel to reclaim their lost businesses. The hotel staff repeatedly said that Christmas break was a blessing for them as business filled up like the good old day, all the sudden. However, what the front desk tried to do was totally unprofessional. A few days into the vacation, we decided to order take-out lunch from O'no restaurant. The day before I ordered the take-out myself and it was fine, but the next day when my wife went to order the food, the host who took the ordered decided to charge my wife a 10 percent service fee. When asked why, the guy just simply shrugged his shoulder and said that they always do that. Another the dishonest act! Since our flight did not leave until midnight of the last day, we asked for late check out. They told us it would be $200 extra. We agreed to that, but at check out, the front desk person tried to charge us for an extra $25 resort fee for the late check-out portion in addition to the $25 resort fee we had already paid for that day!!! What the ? Watch out for your bill at the restaurant. They indicate that a child under 5 eats free with 1 paying adult. However 10 times out of 10 they would conveniently forget to deduct the child meal from the check!!! Too consistent to be called "mistakes". None of the jacuzzi had hot water. Enough is enough. I think the general manager of this hotel should rethink his/her customer service standard and ethics. All of the staff should be retrained or replaced if this hotel is to continue to try to deliver the customer service product that Westin pride itself upon. In a nut shell, we will never go back to this hotel. Afterall we do have other choices to pick in the Kaanapali area!!!