We stayed at the Maui Westin for 5 nights. Our friends went there on a package to see the timeshare, but we booked our room for $335 per night. After taxes and fees it was almost $400. Upon check-in, the staff said that we requested adjoining rooms. I said that we did not need adjoing room but wanted to be on the same floor. He replied that we were on the 10th floor and they were on the 3rd. ADJOINING ROOMS??? After screwing around for 15-20 20 minutes, he said we had a better level room and the only thing he could do was switch our friends from a king bed to 2 double beds. I don't know how that had anything to do with getting on the same floor. While the grounds and the pools were excellent, the rooms were small and outdated. The furniture was good quality but the room was so small the table was pushed up against the TV credenza and there was no place to store the luggage. The toilet seat wouls not stay up, so as a man, going to the bathroom was a real challenge. The next day I talked to a woman manager at the front desk and told her we were very disappointed in the size of the room, the toilet seat problem, and how this room is not what should be expected of a Westin. She repeated that our Mountain view room was a better level room than our friends. I told her that our friends have a full view of the ocean from their room. She instisted they didn't even though we saw it for ourselves. I told her I would be willing to downgrade to a worse level room if it meant we had an ocean view. She offered a $100 total discount on our stay and said the toilet seat would be fixed. No one came to fix the toilet seat and by the 4th day of our stay I finally contaced a property manager. He offered to comp a few days for a future visit and said he would get the toilet fixed right away. By that evening, no one had still come to fix the tiolet seat. I left a voice mail message for the manager. As we were checking out, a maintenance man was in our room to fix "the loose toilet seat"? I told him it was not loose but it wouldn't stay up. We left and hopefully the next person who stayed in our room had better luck. Overall, the locations and grounds were very good, the room was small and needed renovation, and the staff was VERY unresponsive to any of our questions or requests.