At $715 per night for an ocean-view room, I had planned our three nights at the Westin to be the grand finale of our trip to Maui. My husband and two sons, ages 12 and 18, had already spent seven nights at the ResortQuest Maui Banyan condos at around $350 per night. We had been so active during the first seven days of our trip to Maui, I thought we would enjoy the water park and resort atmosphere of the Westin. What a disappointment. The first room I was given (room 375) had multiple holes in the carpet and dirt on the bathroom floor. For the price of $715 per night, I was shocked the room was so rundown, not to mention dirty. It was in the Ocean Tower on the third floor with a view of the parking lot, dumpster and roof of the restaurant next door. If you could look beyond all this, you would see the ocean view, which was magnificent but spoiled by the proximity of the parking lot. I returned to the check-in desk to complain about all this, and was given another room on the seventh floor (room 787). It was closer to the ocean and high enough that the restaurant view wasn't as offensive, but we were still aware of it. The Westin promotes its Heavenly Bed and "Heavenly Shower." The bed was fine, and the double shower-head is indeed heavenly, but it was in a bathroom with little or no ventilation, and steam condensed on the ceiling in large drops, which then rained down on the bathroom floor. No wonder the bathroom smelled like mildew. A few hours after check-in, I received a message saying the concierge had a gift for me. I went to meet her and she presented me with a box of candy, then gave me the hard-sell to attend a 90-minute time-share sales pitch for the newly-built Westin villas, which are nearby. After paying a room rate of $715 per night, I was insulted to be getting a time-share sales pitch. I had chosen the Maui Westin because its pool area is a water park and thought my boys would really enjoy it. I thought the Maui Westin would be like the Hilton Waikoloa Village on the Big Island. But unlike the Hilton Waikoloa, which has its water park far from the lobby, the Westin's water park was practically inside the lobby, and the whole place was a zoo. The Westin is Disney World on the beach, and the pool area is overrun with too many people crammed into too small a space. I happened to visit the Hyatt next door, and it was so serene, I wish we'd stayed there instead. It's on the same beach as the Westin. I don't think my kids would have minded the serenity and less-crowded conditions of the Hyatt, because they didn't seem that impressed by the Westin's water park (and neither was I). The water slide really knocked adults around in a painful way, which my husband and 18-year-old son quickly discovered, but it wasn't bad for a child like my 12-year-old son. However, the slide closed for the day at 6PM, so my 12-year-old had no more interest in the water park after 6PM. To tell you the truth, my husband, 18-year-old son and I were all a little bored at the Westin, and I missed the serenity, privacy, and lower price of our condo at the ResortQuest Maui Banyan, not to mention the laid-back vibe of its Kihei location, and I wished we had just stayed there the whole 10 days of our trip.