We were at the Westin Maui Feb. of 04 for a week. We had done a lot of research on what hotel we wanted to stay at and the pool and amenities at the Westin Maui seemed too good to be true which turned out to be the case. (1.) First off our Heavenly bed was anything but heavenly. The side of the bed closest to the window was totally broken down and seemed like the mattress had never been turned, I was rolling off all the bed all night and felt like I had to brace myself. The mattress was also very lumpy and my husband became very irritated about this. We spoke to the front desk but nothing was done. (2.) The Heavenly showerhead was mounted too low. If you were any taller than 5'-5" the showerhead was not above your head and hit you in the chin if lucky, this made washing ones face and hair very difficult. We were told that the rooms had been renovated recently but the mounting heights had not been changed. This was a big mistake in my opinion. (3.) Our toilet leaked and ran all night which made our sleeping on a lumpy broken down mattress that much more enjoyable. (4.)Our small patio looked on the roof of the timeshare offices and it was anything but pretty. (5.) There was scheduled maintenance occurring on our patio that we were not notified about. We would open our drape one morning and see workers painting and then come back to our room later and see that all the plants had been ripped out of their planters. (6.) We were hounded and hounded to look at some timeshare villas next door to the Westin. We finally gave in and were told the process would only take an hour and a half well three and half hours later we were sick of all the lies and pressure. The gift also totally sucked and they changed their story on what the gift really was. We were treated like garbage once Westin knew we werent going to purchase a timeshare. One the brighter side. The Barefoot bar and Hula Grill are also Awesome and defiantly worth your while. The Marriot Ocean club looked like a better place to stay. We ate at the Beachwalk cafe several times. It's the most affordable self-service place to pick up snacks and breakfast, their hours were also much for flexable than the Westin.(7.) The Westin breakfast hours were way too short, My Husband liked to sleep in until ten making getting breakfast at the Westin troubling. In conclusion, I would never waist my money at the Westin Maui or any other Westin property again. Their help either won't assist you or couldn't speak English. I would skip the Westin Maui and stay somewhere else....