TERRIBLE STAFF, BED BUGS, TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE... long story short, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. I am not the kind of person to go online and write a negative review, but I made an exception for this place. I could not believe how terrible my experience was there. Let me tell you why to STAY AWAY. I recently had to quickly relocate to Memphis for a job. I found this place online and it seemed okay... WRONG. I woke up after my first night there at 3 am and my back and neck were covered in BED BUG BITES. I know that they were bed bugs because I have been bit before and have an allergy to them (Severe itching and irritation, red rash, swelling). Not to mention that when I had woke up in the middle of the night I saw one one myself, flicked it off and then flung my sheets off... then proceeded to spend the rest of the night in the bathroom... NOT COOL. Now, being the laid back, easy going person that I am, I went to the office as soon as I could to let them know of the problem and get a different room. I told them that I wanted a new room and that my room was infested with bed bugs and it needed to be quarantined. The manager over heard me saying this and stepped out to tell me to, "keep it down and not make accusations that aren't necessarily true"... WTF. I showed him some of the bites and told him that I actually saw the bed bugs, but he was too worried about control damage control and preventing any other people in the lobby from hearing about the fact that they had bed bugs to give two craps about customer service. After much persuading he told me he would, "investigate it further". I am not one to get mad, however, when I wake up at 3 am covered in bed bug bites and then tell the management about it and basically get called a liar and then mocks me, I tend to feel more than a little bit PO'd. Moral of this story... MANAGEMENT SUUUUCKS. DO NOT STAY HERE. The only decent thing about this hotel is the location. It's in a fairly safe area and there is a good selection of places to eat and shop. BUT I WILL NEVER, NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.