Worst service ever I just returned from a weekend from hell at the Marseilles. I chose this hotel by the reviews on this website and there is just no possbile way that these people who write glowing reviews were at the same hotel I just left. Where to start..... The room looked nice enough. It seems to be newly furnished although the paint was chipping. The walls were paper thin. The beds were very very squeaky. The pillows left me with extreme neck pains. All this I could have over looked had the rest of my experience not been so horrible. The bathroom that others called quaint was very old. The bathtub had been painted white( you could see the paint streaks). While showering expect to get scalded because the water temperature changes very unexpectedly. Also the shower emits a deafening squealing noise when the water is on, I know I am not the only one with such a problem because I was able to hear the same noise comming from my neighbors room every time they showered. The bathroom door got very stuck everytime you closed it because it had been painted over so many times. Our window would not stay open you had to prop something in there to hold it.On the second day of our stay, our airconditioner broke. In july. In Miami beach! The moment you stepped off the evevator there was a thick hot musty smell on our floor. The hotel was less than helpful with this. Everytime I asked what was going on I was offered nothing more than they are working on it. I finally decided to speak to the manager before I went out for the afternoon. He was very huffy and told me well you are going out now anyway what does it matter? When I returned there was still no cold air and no sign of any repair man. When an employee came to my room to drop of towels he came in to see if there was a problem. He then had the audacity to point to our window that overlooked Collins and tell us to open it. Finally I saw a friendly face at the front desk. It was Moisses who was not only our bartender by the pool but also a bellhop and front desk atendant. He was able to get us another room. This room was tiny but at least the airconditioning worked. The bathroom door had been painted so many times that I was actually trapped in the bathroom and not able to get back out. Someone in ym room had to rush the door for it to open. The pool had sand all over the floor. And bugs floating at the suface. I was in no way expecting a fancy place. What I did expect was service and respect which I did not get from this hotel. The one thing I will say about it is that the rooms were clean so the maids were doing thier jobs which is more than I can say for anyone else here. Do not bother with this place. The location is great but save yourself the headache and go elsewhere.