The above heading can't summarise my first visit to a.d.s enough. Having spent an amazing stay for our anniversary and my birthday in napa with the poetry inn ( which by the way the staff at auberge bistro can clearly learn sth fr in terms of service), my partner and I decided to check out auberge in view if the supposedly excellent ratings on tripadvisor as we were planning to return to napa pretty soon. To be fair we were pleasantly greeted by the staff at the front desk and lady in front of the bistro who helpfully gave suggestions. There was also a gentleman (?manager - he was in a smart blue shirt and suit) who helpfully suggested an all day bistro menu. With a gd start, we decided to have a bite at the bistro while waiting for dinner. I distinctly rem it was 4pm on 12th feb 2012. But it was downhill -fast- once we stepped in. 1) there were 3 waiters and 1 waitress at tht time. The place was not full, but no one bothered to show us to seats. Granted, it is likely perhaps a free seating bistro, so we made our way outdoors to find a tAble. HOWEVER, just a couple of minutes later, one of the waiters led a grp of ladies to their tables outdoors, while pleasantly explaining to them the amazing views their seats will have. This irks me very much and makes me wonder abt the substandard treatment. 2) my partner truly wanted us to enjoy the lovely view, considering we flew a long distance to napa and it being our first visit here. He thus went over and spoke to the (only) female waitress who mentioned we could shift over to the seats once she was done clearing the table up. We thus waited at another table . What happened next was a positive shock. The waiter whom I mentioned above led 3 ladies to the table and promptly sat them down. Granted, the team.s communication might not have been excellent and thus, he was not made aware of us wanting the tAble. However, what made me boil was h ow the lady waitress blatantly saw the three ladies sit, and didn't even flinch a bit. I waited a while to see if she will come over and at least explain or offer another seat, but no.. With such disregard, we decided not to eat at such a place. Before I left, I sought an explanation for what happened from her. And her totally not giving me any eye contact and flippantly saying "oh yea it's free seating you knw, hang on" while looking at the cashier was the last straw for me. is this how a supposedly renowned hotel staff treats a customer? How did the ratings get this high?? To be honest, the view is not to die for, I enjoyed better views and service from the poetry inn, it's just such a let down that such service can exist in a supposedly 5star facility housing a Michelin starred restaurant. Obviously, the service of the staff at the Bistro is not on par with that star... A true disappointment, and I'll put my money somewhere more deserving the next flight up.