I arrived at the Harvest Hotel on August 6 to be told we had no reservations...our reservation was for September. Okay I thought I have royally goofed up except I spoke to someone at the hotel on July 31 after reading your reviews concerning this property 1. over the use of room fresheners and 2. checking to make sure we did not have a room by the pool. Now keep in mind I had reserved 3 rooms for my 80 year old Mom , my 20 year old children and myself. We were in St. Helena for a family wedding. All the guest were staying at this property and that is why I chose to stay here. The young woman I spoke to one the 31st confirmed I was coming and would remove all room fresheners and understood my concerns. I even received a follow up call at my home stating all was taken care of. You must imagine my surprise when the desk clerk could not even find my name....... I was then informed by the manager that they were full except for 1 room that was a queen. I was also told St. Helena was sold out of all rooms except maybe the Whitehall Inn that is nothing like this property..ummmm did that mean it was a dive. I ask if they would please call Meadow Wood to see if they had rooms...this was when things began to improve greatly. The young woman on the phone was so kind and helpful I could have weep. We were able to secure 2 beautiful rooms at their sister property the Inn at Stonebridge. The manager and staff of the Harvest Inn were the most UNHELPFUL IN DIRE SITUATION. I stopped at the desk repeatedly to get receipt showing I had been refunded my deposit and never was able to get confirmation. It was refunded but with no help form the desk. Oh when told I could have one room with a queen for the siblings ( one boy and one girl) and they would give me a blow up mattress- then the manager corrected the clerk and said we could have a rollup for free. Finally after asking they help us out please they said they could give me the room for 199.00 Needless to say we declined their lack of help...I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL...AWFUL AWFUL EXPERIENCE. Stay at the Inn at Southbridge- it was the most enjoyable time...so friendly and the property was beautiful.at the Inn at Stonebridge... oh the dead planters of geraniums on the patio did help either when joining our wedding group for wine tasting.