My husband and I stayed here for my cousin's wedding. He was married on the property. Our room cost over $400 a night and it was so not worth the money. The rooms are decorated like cheap motels, are very dark and dingy, and the bathrooms are old. The website is very misleading about the rooms. When we checked in, we immediately called the front desk bc we were unhappy with the room and believed that the room we got was not what we paid for or reserved. Our room was located in the spa and we had a view of nothing. In fact, we couldn't even open the drapes (to let in some light) bc our window led to the spa door where traffic was coming in and out. In addition, our ceiling was slanted and my husband is tall and had to duck to walk to the bathroom. They told us there was nothing they could do to change our room bc the hotel was fully booked. Interestingly, my grandmother, who checked in the following day, miraculously got a free upgrade. The next morning we found cobwebs in our shower and realized that the coffee maker had not been cleaned. We again called the desk to complain, and they again told us sorry, there is nothing we can do except have someone clean the shower and coffee maker immediately. When we returned to the hotel in the afternoon, after a lovely day of wine tasting, we asked for a manager. He told us that there was nothing he could do but that a complimentary bottle of wine was sent to our room that day as an "apology." When we got to the room, there was no bottle of wine (not that we even wanted it anyway). I again contacted the manager to let him know that there was no bottle of wine, despite his promise, and we again told him we wanted soemthing done about the situation. We asked for a reduction in price, to which he flatly replied "no." He honestly didn't seem to care about how disappointed or unhappy we were with the accommodations. If all of this is not bad enough, the hotel also screwed up the wedding plans. The wedding was basically a cocktail party with passed and stationary finger foods. I will say that the grounds are beautiful, but they ran out of food at the wedding - within 20-30 minutes - which is inexcusable. We were all starving afterwards and went out for dinner. I would never recommend this place to anyone. The rooms were awful and the service was even worse, and it was way overpriced for what they offer.