I stayed in what it calls itself the continental hotel located in 36-42 Norfolk Street in London near the Paddington train station. A friendly advise for all of you to please stay away from this failthy dump! Unfortunatly, due to a sudden change of plan as a result of this unforseen circumstances I had to stay in London for one night. After searching for a single room all over Central London I couldn't find a hotel that accept me for one night due to high season and because I guess it was a Saturday. I therefore was so tired and desperate that I ended up in this dump failthy hotel thinking that it would at least meet the minumum of my needs. Wrong! I was given a double room as this is the only room that they had and I had no problem for 59 Pounds. when I handed my credit card to the guy at the reception, he asked that around two pounds will be charged on my bill which I thought it was extreemly odd but I had no other choice. well he gave me the key and told me that my room was on the fourth floor. after climbing an infintive narrow scary stairs, I managed to find my room. when I opened the door I swear I wanted to cry. The carpet had stains all over, the room had a terrible smell that makes you want vomit. The sheets have holes and looked like some blood on them. the toilet is so dirty and unflush and smells really bad and full of smoke. I had to spray my cologn all over the room to endure the terrible smell and to run away from this room as soon as possible as this smell would probably inflict a terrible health hazards to me. after hours of exploring London I came really late to have few hours of sleep to check out from this nightmare. I had to sleep on my cloths and I woke up really early to run for my life. I took a quick shower in the weirdest toilet ever. Pay little extra and stay at the beautiful Rhodes hotel in the same area or the stylohotel. This is a big shame of this beautiful city to allow such establishment to operate which it depicts a terrible image of London. as a matter of a fact I've flown the world and stayed in different categories of hotels but I've never experienced such a terrible stay like the one I've witnessed with the Continental hotel so please for your health and safety avoid staying at this place even if you sleep in the street.