The room where I stayed was tiny: 2,2 x 2,2 meters. The carpets and walls are dirty and filthy. The light has to be switch on outside the room. The paint on the wall is dirty and there are holes in the wall. There is no chest board and the room is furnitured by an old TV, placed on an old broken piece of furniture, has bad reception and faulty action bottoms. The room heating is not working and the proprietor borrowed me an electrical heating fan. The bed is too small for tall people and the mattress is dangerous for people with a fragile back. There is a toilet and a tiny shower, with unfinished blank wood, all dirty, filthy and dangerously exposed with nails. I injured myself my first day, so be vaccinated against tetanus. Careful, nails are also on the old dirty carpets of the sleeping room, so never walk with bare feet. Anyway, you would not dare because it's too dirty. There is also a big hole on the floor of the WC with broken tiles where cold draft is coming blowing cold air continously into your room. Do not look at the curtains which haven't been washed since ages. The breakfast is joke: 4 half slices of cheap and chewing gum like toast, only 1 sort of jam, but you can choose between cheapish tea and worn out coffee. Eastern European staff, poorly dressed and clearly demotivated, serve the breakfeast. Continental Hotel in the Westend is the cheapest hotel in London I have been in, however the money is not worth its value. It's dirty, cold, with a permanent draft so that you easily risk to catch a cold. Even for one who has a tight budget, saving a few pounds for a dirty hole, risking your health by hurting yourself with rusty nails, eventually ending up with sepsis or a tough flu, is not worth the money you are saving. The whole standard of the hotel is unacceptable, below any level of acceptance with rooms comparable to a prison hole. In the poorest places of underdeveloped Bolivia, I had much better accommodation in small but clean rooms provided by poor locals than in posh London. Even in underdeveloped countries, the very existence of dirty holes like in the Continental Hotel in London would be closed down. A cheap pension in Spain offers at least impeccably clean rooms. I understood from an Irish visitor that Continental Hotel even advertised in Ireland. Do not be tricked into the low prices! The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is good. In spite of the cheap hotel fare (I payed 20  for a night), it's neglected, dirty and overpriced. It's a shame for London to allow these hotels to operate. The local London authorities should seriously consider to regulate the hotel market for the upcoming Olympics and close down some of these so-called hotels like the Continental in Norfolk square for the sake of the international reputation of London and to improve the bad image investors have about this place. In all: this hotel was the greatest nightmare and the worst hotel in my life, just the rats were missing (probably I had the chance not to see them). There were no CCTV cameras, so there are also great security concerns if you leave anything like fancy clothes in your room. Anyone can ask for your key. There are no efforts at all to maintain this place and the filth and dirt is just disgusting, so never bring your wife or girl-friend into this place. The whole place is a disregard for travellers.