I don't like to write reviews on online sites, but my experience with this supposedly great hotel was so awful, I had to share it with others to give a balanced view with the other opinions of this hotel. I'll start with the positive things about this hotel: - Price for the French Quarter is pretty good, especially the mid-week rates. - Location is wonderful - it is centrally located in the French Quarter and most everything we wanted to do and see in the Quarter was within good walking distance. - Canal and St. Louis line streetcar stops were very close by. Here are the negative things: - Noise, noise, and more noise. Now, I've stayed in other French Quarter hotels before, even on right on Bourbon, and this hotel was MUCH worse. We stayed for 5 nights, and didn't get through one night without being woken up by loud, drunken, raucous shouting and laughing. That, combined with guests AND staff dragging metal-framed outdoor furniture across the bricks surrounding the pool throughout the night, equaled terrible sleep conditions. Turns out that the hotel bar allows customers to hang out by the pool whether they are guests of the hotel or not, making the tiny pool courtyard an extremely popular, extremely noisy hangout until dawn. - Customer service was lacking. On the last night of our stay, as we were trying to fall asleep amid the noise, we suddenly caught the scent of something burning. We briefly investigated our room and balcony, determined it was not cigarette smoke, and then called the front desk to report the smell. The lady on the line first insisted it was cigarette smoke wafting up from the courtyard. I told her that no, it definitely was NOT cigarette smoke, and she then said she would send the "engineer" to come check it out. We waited outside of our room (which has a full view of the pool courtyard) for said engineer to arrive. We waited 30 minutes and no one came. By that time were we so exasperated with our entire stay, we decided to go back to sleep (as best as we could with the noise) and leave early the next morning. - Complimentary newspaper that the hotel's website claims is delivered to your door each morning was nowhere to be seen. - Hotel also claims to be "fully non-smoking," but that must not include the courtyard areas, where guests and bar hoppers can smoke all they want, and where we had to consciously avoid stepping on cigarette butts as we made our way to and from our room each day. - Plumbing in our room's bathroom could desperately use updating. It was hard to get hot water in the shower, not because there wasn't any available (easily got hot water out of the sink), but because the shower knob was loose/broken. Bathroom also smelled moldy and dank. We were afraid to use the tub Jacuzzi because it looked moldy and unhygienic. Mold in the grout and growing on the shower curtain - gross! Overall, this hotel was one of the worst we've stayed in. I cannot recommend it and I wish I had chosen a different hotel for our stay. While its location was awesome, and the price was affordable, I'd have been willing to pay more to stay somewhere cleaner, quieter, and more relaxing on my vacation. Hotels website claims it is an unforgettable hotel  boy, thats for sure!