This was our second trip to the Dauphine Orleans and one that we were so excited about after a wonderful first stay last year. We had stayed at the Dauphine in December of 2003 and had an outstanding stay with them. We were thrilled to visit them once again a year later for our wedding anniversary. I had even written them a letter prior to our arrival stating how wonderful our first stay with them had been. I went out of my way to contact higher management as well to tell them how terrific the hotel and staff had been to us in 2003. With that said, we were expecting our second stay to be just as memorable and romantic. We arrived to a warm welcome and were sent to our room on the second floor. I was a little disappointed at the size of the room since we had stayed in a larger room the year before. Everything seemed wonderful though as we received a knock on the door a few moments later. They delivered a chilled bottle of champagne and anniversary wishes complimentary of the hotel. We were delighted. Our first nights stay was comfortable and uneventful. Upon waking the following morning, we realized we had very little water pressure coming from the the shower head. I contacted the front desk and they said they'd fix the problem a.s.a.p. We left for the day and returned that evening to a note stating that the problem had been fixed by maintenance. We turned the showed on and still only got a very small trickle of water. I called the front desk and they immediately let us switch rooms due to the problem. Everything seemed great and we were even sent to a much larger room on the same floor. The water pressure seemed better but not great and we were then told it could be a universal problem with the entire hotel. We were fine with that since they had done what they could to resolve the situation to our satisfaction. Upon retiring for the night I walked into the bathroom to find dried "feces" on the toilet seat. We had just checked into our room and neither myself or my husband had used the restroom at that point. I was disgusted. I looked outside the room to see if there was still a maid on duty. The room next to ours was still being cleaned at that point and I told the maid of the situation. She seemed busy and irritated when I told her of the problem. After the toilet was cleaned properly I contacted the front desk to speak with a manager. There was no manager on duty at the time but I was told that he would contact when he came back to the office. A few minutes later he contacted me and seemed as if the situation was not a big deal. He said we could move rooms once again but only offered us one room to look at. Upon looking at this very tiny room we decided to stay in our current larger room. I decided to lay in bed and watch t.v. before going to sleep. As I layed down and pulled the covers over myself I felt something on the bed spread. I turned the light on and to my surprise there were several "crusty" looking stains on the comforter. I could only imagine what this could be and told my husband we had to check out. He agreed since we were not staying in this hotel if our room had not been properly cleaned. We have stayed in many hotels over the years and I've never ran into anything like this. I expect a clean well kept room at a classy hotel such as the Dauphine Orleans. We contacted the manager once again and told him that we had to check out. He said okay and didn't try to rectify the situation any further. When I got home I contacted the hotel via a typed letter. I told the head of the hotel what had happened and after 3 months have still yet to hear back from anyone regarding our last stay. It's a shame that we had to experience these things at this lovely hotel. Unfortunately we will not stay at this hotel ever again. It's disappointing to us since our first stay had been so wonderful and memorable. I understand that hotels have problems like this but I would think that the management would at least have sent a letter of apology by now.