Where do I start??!!! On first impressions you cannot fail to be impressed with what welcomes you to the Roosevelt. The lobby is everything you would expect from the Waldorf chain... but that is where it ends. We were in New Orleans for my partners 40th birthday so definitley wanted a relaxing luxury break. Second day, after the first shower buzzer in the room went.... apparantly underneath our room had flooded. We wern't asked if it was inconvienient for us not to be getting dressed and ready to go out we had to sit there in limbo chasing the workmen to find out when they were coming back so we could get dressed. The champagne we had bought for that night remained unopened. 90 minutes later the workmen finished, leaving us pondering how to salvage our plans. Day three... we awoke to a few ants in the bathroom... a bit worrying but we put it down to the work that had been completed the previously day.......UNTIL we opened one of the draws in the room to find it crawling with ants, (along with the second bed in the room). My partner decended on reception to complain... we were moved to a second room. As I started to pack up our stuff I heard the yell from the new room where my partner had dicovered a MASSIVE cockroach in the bathroom. Once again back to reception to aske to be moved room... which they did but to an inferior room! An offer to pick up our bar tab was turned down by us as we thought we at least should talk about this with the manager...who was suddenly unavailable, (more of which later!). They eventually sent someone up to deal with the cockroach, (again after us chasing them), by which time we had wasted another morning faffing about in the hotel. We have stayed in some of the best hotels in the world, (and some of the worst!!) and this is not what we expected from the Waldorf chain for what we were paying per night. Later that afternoon by the pool, (NB which was also filthy, complete with dirty mark all around it, cigarettes butts floating and a jacuzzi that didn't need bubble bath as all the scum frothed up lovely!), we happened upon the manager who knew nothing about our complaint, (not what the man in reception said who had told them.....). She promised to call us later that day to talk about making things right. This didn't happen although our bar tab and a pay-per-view movie, (about $50) had been taken care of. By this time we were completly fed up. Even though we were kept up the next two nights by next door, we had no faith in the fact that it would have been dealt with - not a good feeling when you have chosen a hotel based on a reputation. Positives?? There were two exits and it was right next to all the resturants and bars which meant you didn't have to spend too long in the hotel.