How do I even describe the purgatory that is "The Roosevelt Waldorf Astoria." Where should I begin. Before arriving to the hotel, I called to inform them that I would be checking in late but that my guest would arrive a few hours before me and I wanted to inquire to see if she would be able to check in without me. I was greeted rudely on the phone and told that yes, she could check in but that she would need to have a form of payment once she arrives for the $200 deposit that needed to be paid that I was informed of upon booking. I was NEVER informed of a $200 deposit despite the fact that I had called several times before my trip to get all of the details. The $200 deposit was not the problem, it was the rudeness of the receptionist. When I questioned her she stated "That is a requirement at every hotel that you should be aware of." I stated, I have stayed in numerous hotels and have never had a $200 deposit requirement, and to that she stated "Well that is a requirement for the Waldorf Astoria." Well if it is such a big requirement that is obviously common knowledge for the free world, maybe I should have been informed one of the numerous times I called double checking my reservation. She spoke to me as if I was an idiot and I soon realized that this was the attitude of almost all of the hotel staff. Upon arriving to the hotel, everyone was given a wristband and a set of instructions detailing the procedures for the Mardi Gras holiday which included guards at every elevator, and a wristband method for hotel residents and their guests. They monitored the wristbands upon going up and exiting the elevator. Each hotel resident with a wristband was allowed a maximum of 2 guests. This also would not have been such a problem if the guards didn't treat you like you were trying to escape from Alcatraz when exiting the elevators, or like you were trying to enter into the White House when trying to get on the elevators. It was definitely an annoyance in this so called high class hotel. It was also interesting to see that the older, obviously well-to do people were not questioned about their wristbands, but the seemingly less affluent and younger college aged looking guests were hassled every time like terrorists. Everyone in my group was around age 24 and we do look very young but in no way are we wild college students. One guard even asked my friend who was talking while getting on the elevator to "be quiet." Excuse me?? I'd understand if she was being loud and boisterous, but she was not. I am pretty sure that regardless of your class or age, that we were all required to pay upwards of $300 per night for the rooms right? Hmm just checking. When we arrived in our room we were greeted by a big pile of dirty linens on the floor which were apparently forgotten. A mirror in the bathroom that was falling off the hinges and a hole in the ceiling. Even after contacting the front desk and letting them know that the mirror was falling off and that there were leftover dirty linens on the floor, they assured us that they would take care of it, but did not. They fixed the mirror and left the linens. We had to put them in the hallway ourselves. The maid staff was interesting. If they caught you in the halls they stared you down like they were part of the secret service downstairs as well. One maid was staring at us as we were leaving for the night and when we came back to the hotel we came back to one bed being made and the other left undone. I have never experienced maids coming to make your bed twice a day, let alone coming and only making up one bed and not the other. It seemed like she came in just to case the place. Very odd. If it wasn't the rude staff and elevator nazis, it was the nice refreshing luke warm and cold showers everyday. I realize that it is an old building, and that the hotel was full to capacity, but if I am paying over $300 a night for a hotel, I expect to have a warm shower. I even made sure that I was the first to shower each day, and it was still cold! All in all this was the worst hotel experience of my life. I was really looking forward to staying in a Waldorf-Astoria hotel for the first time, but after this experience I would not stay ever again. I would have rather been at motel 6 than this place, at least I would've had a hot shower. And I was not the only one who felt this way. After checking out and waiting outside for my ride, it was hilarious to hear almost every group leaving making comments such as "This is the worst hotel ever!" Please think twice about staying here, I wish I had. Could have saved myself lots of money and stress.