As a Hilton Diamond Member I travel all over the Country on business and stay in excess of 60 hotel room nights each year. My experience at the Roosevelt Hotel New Orleans was the absolute worst hotel experience .... ever. This hotel is the length of one city block and has two large entrances. Only one entrance is the official "entrance area" with valet parking yet there is no sign anywhere at the other entrance stating arriving guests should go to the other entrance. Upon arriving, I parked at the wrong entrance and a hotel employee YELLED out the door, "OTHER SIDE!" (This is a Waldorf Astoria Collection 5 Star Luxury Hotel???) At the valet / parking entrance the welcome was "less than stellar" as four valet attendants were too busy standing in a circle telling jokes and laughing to take notice of my arrival. Only after I began pulling luggage out of my car did anyone offer assistance (This is a Waldorf Astoria Collection 5 Star Luxury Hotel???). The lobby of the Roosevelt Hotel is, indeed, beautiful and grand. Check-in was very efficient but not overly welcoming. And, the Suite to which I was assigned (a luxury suite) was, indeed, beautifully decorated and of good size. Then the "fun" began . . . When pulling down the sheet of the bed I discovered one sheet was stained with ink and one "sheet" was the wrong sheet (it was a duvet cover). I called Guest Services to request new sheets and spoke to someone named "Arrianna" who appeared to be less than interested in the fact that it was almost 10PM and no hotel ... let alone a Waldorf Astoria Five Star Luxury Hotel ... should place stained and incorrect sheets on the bed. Almost two hours later (after two additional calls to a very disinterested "Arrianna" in Guest Services) a young man appeared at the door with a duvet cover (which was not needed) and informed me there were no available clean sheets anywhere in the hotel. NO CLEAN SHEETS ANYWHERE IN THE WALDORF ASTORIA LUXURY FIVE STAR HOTEL!!!!!! I then discovered the hotel had not honored my prior request to place foam pillows on the bed rather than feather pillows. I again called Guest Services to be told there were only two foam pillows in the entire hotel (This is a Waldorf Astoria Collection 5 Star Luxury Hotel???). Finally, at 2AM, after remaking the bed to not sleep on stained sheets I was able to go to sleep. The next day, when returning to the room, I discovered housekeeping removed the dirty towels from the bathroom but failed to leave clean towels. It was necessary for me to place yet another call to Guest Services and after a long wait I was finally provided clean towels ... one of the most basic items in a hotel (This is a Waldorf Astoria Collection 5 Star Luxury Hotel???). The next day, when returning to the room, I discovered housekeeping did a great job of leaving clean towels .... but forgot to leave soap and shampoo ... yet another one of the most basic items in a hotel (This is a Waldorf Astoria Collection 5 Star Luxury Hotel???). I planned to dine in the hotel's "Domenica" Restaurant. However, after hearing another guest ranting and raving in the lobby about how awful the food was and given my already spectacularly bad experiences with the hotel my dining plans were changed to an offsite restaurant. Four aspects of this hotel truly perplexed me. First, this is a brand new property yet 75% of all guestroom doors appear to be scarred and scuffed with black marks near the floor. Second, the "hot" water in the shower was truly not "hot." Though this did not bother me I am sure other guests would prefer water that is not "lukewarm." Third, not one time during my stay was the mini-bar refreshment center restocked. Fourth, generally the front desk and housekeeping staff appear to be phenomenally disinterested in providing a welcoming and customer-centered experience. In fact, the general attitude from front desk employees was, "We're doing you a favor letting you stay here." Finally, if you actually stay at this hotel ... take your Reservation Confirmation Sheet showing rates and charges and after you depart the property file it away until you receive your credit card bill. Further, if the hotel employees promise you something critical to rates and charges get it in writing. Several weeks after checkout the hotel charged my credit card several hundred dollars of additional unauthorized charges. It was a nightmare to get this matter resolved and the attitude from most of the front desk employees was one of not believing a word I was saying and even a Manager, Dennis, failed to follow through with promises he made to me. Fortunately, given my poor experiences at the hotel, I retained enough accounting paperwork after checkout the hotel did, eventually, issue a refund to my credit card.