I rarely would write a bad review unless it was truly bad, and this was that type of experience. We're new to the Intercontinental chain but certainly know of the quality based on what we've heard in Chicago and San Francisco; but this property definitely lacks any quality. Having stayed in many high end chains we found that our experience here was similar to what would find at the low end, i.e. Motel 6. Check-in was efficient and friendly, as was the Concierge service, and people at the front door. After that it all goes down hill. The room was actually dirty, and especially the carpet which not only needed a cleaning but had candle wax and unidentifiable substances on it. Pillow covers were actually thread bare. The bathroom was also not overly clean, and there's a very strange vanity that not only is uncomfortably high (if you're short it would be extremely awkward) and has many mock drawers but nowhere to store anything. Housekeeping doesn't seem too concerned about appearance as all the lamp shades were on angles when we arrived. After about the 3rd night we discontinued leaving a tip. The doors to the armoire were broken and could not close. We returned back to the room one evening around 5pm to find the room hadn't been made up from the morning yet, and while getting ready for dinner the maid came to the door only to seem annoyed when I asked her to come back in a half an hour when we'd be gone. The worst, however, was the total lack of sound and acoustic control. Literally we heard every word and conversation of our neighbors. The bed in the room next to ours squeaked so badly that any time a person turned in it you'd think it was in your own room. In a couple of instances the person actually knocked against the headboard and the wall vibrated and woke us up several times. The corridors were rather dingy, and the carpet also very dirty. This hotel is in a desperate need of a make over, and hopefully one is being planned. We were extremely disappointed and unfortunately have left us wondering whether to ever stay in an Intercontinental hotel again!