Venice is beautiful and my fiance and I were there celebrating our 1 year engagement and our Birthdays, so it was to be a special trip. I had searched the internet for a nice hotel where we wouldn't get ripped off as Venice is quite expensive. I was happy to find the 'Run of the House' rate at the Hotel ai due Principi, I had seen the hotel and was impressed by the reviews. It only worked out about 20 cheaper but it and I quote 'Guaranteed you the best room available'. Little did we know, we got there early and our room wasn't ready, which was were fine, as it was midday, the reception staff took our bags and we went and got lost, perfect. We returned to the hotel and the receptionist was unsure of where our room was, he then realised and said "oh you room is next door" we went to the the hotel next door which looks okay on the outside. We went into the room, which I remembered seeing online and didn't even consider it to be one of our choices to stay its also lower starred hotel. The room was vile to say the least and had no view what so ever. You would think that if you had to put customers in another hotel you would at least give them a nice room. We were not happy and went back next door and told the receptionist and he said there are no rooms tonight, but tomorrow you can have a complimentary upgrade to an executive room over looking the canal. Still quite annoyed that we were not staying in the hotel we booked and paid for we thought fine we will have a nice room tomorrow. Come the next day we went to the reception and was told to wait for the director as he want to speak to us. There was me thinking he was going to apologise, but much to my disbelief he turned around and said "there were no rooms in this hotel, next door is our sister hotel you have to stay there!" Dumbfounded I asked him to explain why and he wouldn't so I asked for a refund for both nights as I wasn't getting what I had paid for. He had a little chat with the receptionist and suddenly there was a room available! We took the room thinking it would be the so called upgrade we were offered the day before. It wasn't, it was the standard room, which was ok, as it was the room we had booked. They hotel manager has no idea how to talk/treat his PAYING customers, we found him extremely rude and arrogant. The other staff were nice enough but under him they are granted useless, which is a shame. The customer service at the hotel was disgraceful, it ruined our trip. I would never stay at this hotel again even if I was paid too. I would definitely recommend staying at a more reputable hotel as there are so many other. I just wish this hotel had lived up to its reviews. If your are thinking of staying here I would take the 5 star reviews with a pinch of salt!