We chose the Villa Convento for it's location (walking distance to attractions, but far enough away to be on a quiet street). We were first time visitors. New Orleans was just rated with one of the highest crime rates in the USA, yet the Villa Convento is wide open to anyone who walks in off the street. The front door is open, and desk clerk is usually in the back, so anyone can wander in. Rooms have mold and mouse/rat infestation, throughout the entire property. Maids do not come in everyday, so you have to take your own trash out. They falsely advertise a free continental breakfast (rolls and pastery), but all they give you is free coffee or tea in the lobby. There were days when we didn't even get coffee: Were told they were out of coffee because the owner "forgot to buy it." There was building debris of some kind piled up by a wall in the hall when we arrived, and days later, it was still there. There was no heat in our room, unless we used the space heater, which was a fire hazard. The place was a badly organized, badly maintained, filthy mess, had no heat, an elevator at the end of the hall that woke us up with banging and groaning every time it was in use. And with all that lack of service, lack of security, lack of cleanliness, and presence of toxic mold, aswell as rats and mice, they have the nerve to say "No Pets and No Smoking" in guest rooms? Are they KIDDING?! Smoking is the only way one can block out the stink of the ratty old sticky wall to wall carpeting, and moldy walls! With all the rodents they have at the Villa Convento, I would imagine they would welcome people who want to bring their pet snakes for a free meal! If you MUST stay there, be sure to look inside your luggage when you are packing to leave, and be sure you are not taking any rodents home with you by accident. They tend to nestle into warm places, like packed suitcases, because the rooms are so freezing cold. If this hotel was in Washington, it would probably be closed down by the Health Department.