I am sick of writing/talking about my experience here, so I will just cut and paste my last email to their customer service. So many things went wrong during our 2 day stay there, I believe it really is a process problem. Staff are so disconnected from each other, it is not funny anymore. (and I am a Marriott elite, this is the worst service I got at a Marriott) -------- Hello, Could you please check your records again on the 2nd charge of $XXX.00. This was taken out of our bill by the manager on duty when we were checking out BECAUSE MARRIOTT MADE SO MANY MISTAKES during our stay there. We didn't ask for it, we were given by the manager because there were so many problems and mistakes by Marriott staff. I see this charge as ANOTHER MISTAKE in a chain of mistakes during our stay with JW Marriott New Orleans!! I thought this was behind us but obviously it wasn't so here I go again telling/writing someone what happened. 1) We made a reservation for the "romance package" which included champagne and strawberries when we arrived. When we arrived it wasn;t there, so we called and asked that it be ready in the evening when we get back from dinner. When we came back, it STILL WAS NOT THERE. Then the manager came late with the package, apologized, etc. 2) Our breakfast was charged to our room eventhough it was in the package 3) In our last day, even though our package included late check out, and further, even though we asked again for confirmation of our late check out, and further more even though there was a "DO NOT DISTURB" sign on the door, here came loud loud knocks on the door (as if a landlord knocks on a unpaying tenant). There she was, the cleaning staff!!! I remember staying in W and ordering room service, and I received a call saying "Sorry sir, our room service is outside your room but can't knock the door since you have a do-not-disturb sign on". 4) Now this!! I get charged the $xxx which was provided without asking for it as an apology. How incompetent a hotel management system and staff can be!!!! Obviously, it is a system, process and HR problem. I will write directly to your CEO because nobody through out the chain could get it right!!! Marriott New Orleans does not deserve the JW classification if JW really stands for something!!! Good day!! XXXXXX