I travel for work and pleasure all over the world and I have to say that I was very, very disappointed with the J.W. Marriott hotel on Canal Street. The room charge was $269.00 per night and I had to change rooms three times until they showed me, "one of our new rooms with cherry furniture". When asked why they would rent a room with furniture falling apart, lamps that don't work, dirty carpet, scuffed walls, bathrooms with lavatories at hip height (I am 5' 4" inches) and generally dirty bathrooms, their reply was, "well we are upgrading our rooms and this used to be a Meridian Hotel, so its not our fault". (Just so you know J.W. Marriott has owned the hotel for several years, so its not a new purchase). To make matters worse, the Saturday evening front desk girl was rude and nasty when you checked in, called and asked to switch rooms or ask a general question. To further the horrible stay, the hotel had rented out a large number of rooms to pre teen/teenage girls on a choir tournament. The noise of young girls screaming in their rooms and in the halls until 2:30 a.m. each morning was unbearable! Did hotel staff help? Not much and these girls were chaperoned by middle aged adults! Where were the adult chaperones while the girls ran wild, on Bourbon Street? I recently stayed at a Hotel Intercontinental, which is Holiday Inn's "Ritz Carlton" and their rooms and staff were far superior. In fact, I have stayed in Hampton Inn's and Holiday Inn's that are better than this hotel. Marriott's room service food was marginal, but the wait staff were great. Although trays of food and dirty dishes sat in the hall for 2 to 3 days without being picked up! The Shula restaurant located inside the hotel property was horrible and New Orleans is known for its fabulous food. Try Brennan's Palace Cafe across the street from the hotel, its fabulous. In fact any Brennean's restaurant in New Orleans is fabulous. Trip Advisor members, this is a J.W. Marriott, and is quote the "the Ritz of the Marriott's". If this is the Ritz of Marriott's, save your money and stay in a Holiday Inn.