We stayed here with a group of people for a graduation party. The location of the hotel is great - right off of Jackson's Square, walking distance to Cafe du Monde, Pat O'Brien's, Arnaud's, K Paul's. The hotel itself has a lot of character - made up of several different buildings with brick exterior walls and a middle, courtyard area - apparently the hotel used to be one of the first boys schools in Louisiana. Robert, the bellman when we arrived was fabulous - helped with our luggage, helped again with luggage when we changed rooms, gave us directions - he was super friendly. The bellman who helped us when we left was also great but I can't remember his name. THE BAD: We stayed in a Courtyard Room (Rm. 115) - it was a very small, dark room with an awful moldy smell. There was no overhead light, just two lamps. After the first night we asked to be moved - we moved to Rm. 112, which was a little bigger with an overhead light, but still smelled like mold. I didn't feel comfortable walking on the carpet in bare feet or sitting on the bedspreads (the old motel kind of bedspreads). The television was a small CRT (not flatscreen) that worked well enough. We had other friends who had the same experience with their courtyard room (dark, moldy smelling room) - they also asked to change rooms after the first night and had the same experience with their second courtyard room. They were NOT pleased with their room either. Our other friends had a balcony room off of the second floor and it was better - didn't have as much of a smell and was more recently renovated. They had a large "walk out" window you could step through and sit at small table and enjoy the balcony. We have other friends who I believe were on the fifth floor and they said their room was okay. When I returned home and unpacked, all of our clothes had the same moldy smell that was in the rooms. If the owners spent the money to renovate the rooms and get rid of the smell it could become a fabulous boutique hotel - which now it is no where near!! Bottom line, the price was good (about $115 per night) compared to other chain hotels, but if you dare to stay, I would ask for a balcony room and NOT a courtyard room. Otherwise beware of the moldy smell that goes home with you.