Pros: Location; Service for towels are adequate. Cons: All the front desk receptionists and the owner/manager are rude, ungrateful, and unhelpful. The pool is nasty. Couples have sex every night in the pool. Cockroach in the rooms. Walls are thin. We could hear people having sex every night. Breakfast is lame. Our conversation to the Owner/Manger: Us: Sir, we paid in full months in advance. The receptionist last night said we would have to pay an extra cost of 20/night for the cot in the room. Why are you telling us we now need to pay extra for each persons allotted in the room? Manager: You will be charged 80/night on your credit card. The price you advanced paid is only for 2 people in the room. Each extra person will be an extra 20/night and the cot will be 20/night. 20*3(extra people) + cot = 80/night. It is not my problem. I am a busy man. Us: Sir we are here for a bachelorette party and have already budgeted the cost. When we reserved the room we told them we would have 5 people in the room. The hotel stated that was fine and we would be taken care of. The extra cost is news to us. Is there anyway you can help. There is a total of 10 of us and we have booked 2 largest room here. Manager: Do not bring the rowdy and craziness into this place. Our computer said you booked 2 people and a child. Us: We have already been here one night and we did not cause any rowdiness so how dare you say that to us? Your hotel made the mistake because we don't have a child with us. And would never have booked with a child. This is a mistake on your hotel. Manager: It's not anyone's fault. You owe us 80/night. I am a busy man. Us: Why are you raising your voice with us and not willing to help us. Don't you want us to come back and leave positives reviews. Manger: Yes, I do and I am a busy man. Fine. I will charge you only $40/night and knock off the 3rd person and the cot. As long as you promise to write a good review on TripAdvisor. ------------- We took it and left upset. There was nothing we could do. It was horrible hotel and I do not recommend it to anyone.