My husband and I went to spend the night in New Orleans. We live about 2 hours from there and have been hundreds of times before. I always check these things out on Tripadvisor and have never been let down, until now. The reviews said this was a "charming" place but it was a dump. I will begin by saying this: If you're going to New Orleans to party and get drunk this place is perfect. The location is prime. The price is right. If you'll be sober and want to enjoy your time there, this is not the hotel for you. The staff was great, I will say that. Very helpful, very friendly. My husband and I got the king room with a balcony. Sounds nice right? Not really. The balcony faced what I assume is the runoff street from Bourbon and it was so stinky you couldn't sit out there. The bedding was in very bad need of updating, which I could overlook, but the mattress was inexcusable. When I awoke I felt like I had fought with this thing and it beat my bum. I felt like I had slept on stones. The bathroom was roomy but was in desperate need of a cleaning. On the surface (toilet, bath) it was clean, but there were dingy fingerprints all over the door. It had not been cleaned in a long time and looked as if a mechanic had been living in there. The floor, tiled, was the dirtiest floor I have ever seen in a hotel. True, hotel floors are dirty, but they didn't even try to hide this. The TV, which was a large flat screen, went out while we were winding down for bed and it took them a good hour to deal with that, but the man who came to take care of it was very nice and friendly. It was very hot, the ice machine was broken for the entire stay. Very noisy room, as it faced the street and I had expected that. But it was VERY noisy. Motorcycles, garbage trucks, fighting couples, screaming kids. You name it we heard it. The one good thing, at least in our room, was that it was a good cold room. All that said, if we were drunk and there to party, we wouldn't have been in our room as much as we were and we would have been too drunk to notice these things. Last time we stayed at La Quinta Downtown and will stay there next time.