Imagine my surprise when I thought I was getting a bargain rate of 98 per night + tax and parking and then we walk down the street and see the FABULOUS 5 star Hotel Monteleone on Rue Royale and they are having a "summer sizzler" special for only 99 per night!!! I was sick to my stomach and wanted to check out of the Place d'Armes immediately. Let's compare the two properties: Place d'Armes has small double beds that remind me of an old horse, the beds are sunken in the middle and very uncomfortable. The tub takes 30 minutes to drain, the tv is this tiny thing across the room that you need a pair of binoculars to see the tv screen! The rooms are accessed via stairs, NO elevators...so forget it if you have luggage to lug up two flights of stairs, the pool has all types of debris and leaves in it so you are not going to be swimming in it unless you are not bothered by this sort of thing! Hotel Monteleone has a large flat screen tv, new King size mattresses, marble bath rooms, elevators and a door man, gourmet restaurant on site, wireless access (I forgot to mention that hell will freeze over before you can get an Internet connection at the Place d'Armes) I could go on and on, but I think you get the gist, both of these hotels are the same price and so it is like comparing a "Motel 6" to a Ritz Carlton. THERE IS NO COMPARISON! So save your sanity and book a room at the Hotel Monteleone. I am counting the hours until I can check in as I am stuck here at the Place d'Armes tonite since they already charged my credit card and I cannot get a refund. On a positive note, the clerk kindly offered to refund my parking fee as she felt bad that we were not happy with the room. If you are short, you may not mind the small double beds, but anyone over 5'10" will not be comfortable. Back to those who reviewed this hotel and termed it old world charm, yes, I guess you could use those words...emphasis on the word OLD. This is the first time trip advisor has let me down, as normally I am extremely pleased with trip advisor reviews but this one was a real dog. Bow-wow. You have been officially warned.