Can not agree more with the previous review; aside from the location, I can not say anything good about the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 3:35 PM on Thursday, September 02. The staff at the front desk was counting money; it took about 3 minutes before they finally looked at us. "Last name?" - that was the first phrase we heard. No welcoming, no "HI", no smile. After I provided the information, the next thing was "His name?". His name was not of a dog, but of my partner standing next to me. Never mind that she could have asked him directly; for some reason she decided not to and stick to her prison-like questions. Finally, after taking his information, she said - " The check- in time is 4 PM, you are too early and you room is not ready" . She asked me to leave my phone number and said that she would call when they room is ready. She did not offer to us to wait at the court yard, or in the dining room, to read a paper, etc. We went for a walk in the FQ. By 5 PM, not hearing back from the hotel, we went back. The room was ready. Even though I made my fully prepaid reservation in January and specifically asked for a courtyard room ( and confirmed my request at least 3 times), I did not get what I requested. I am not complaining about the room because I knew from the friends (who stayed there before ) that the rooms are a bit outdated. But there were dead plants on the balcony and the pots were being used as garbage cans. Judging by the amount of garbage,I don't think they were ever cleaned. In 3 days of our stay we never heard a word of greetings from the front desk staff. One day I asked people by the pool about their experience, and it turned out that they all had the same treatment. There was actually one front desk person who made a point of turning away when you looked at her. Since our flight was at 6 AM, we asked for a wake up call. The person who took our request ( the same slim lady that would tun away) sighed as if I asked her to carry us to the airport on her back. No wonder that the wake up call neve happened. Luckily we had called the car service in advance and the driver woke us up. The person who was at the front desk at that moment was actually very apologetic to us and very friendly ( may be that's why they keep her at night?) Not sure how the hotel made top 10 - once again, aside from the location, there is nothing going for it. The breakast is very basic ( the breakfast serving staff was very nice, I have to mention). But the rooms are very outdated and in need of repair ( once again, something we knew and expected - so no complain about that). But the staff rudeness of Place d'Armes was something I never experienced in my 7 years of travel to New Orleans.