This was the third time we have stayed at the Place d'Armes. It will be the last. Yes it has a great location and the pool courtyard is very picturesque. That still does not make up for a dirty hotel. At the end of the second day, our room was not serviced by housekeeping. My wife found us fresh towels on a cart at the pool area. Hotel staff later delivered us clean wash cloths and did not offer to clean and straighten the room. They claimed we put out the "Do Not Disturb" sign. We did put out the sign but it read "Maid Service, Please". On the morning of our third day, I found fingernail clippings in the bed I had been sleeping in. We stripped the beds of the linens and searched the rest of the room for filth. I found a pair of men's underwear on top of the television armoir! We immediately went to the front desk and talked a manager. She apologized, comped my parking fees for our entire stay, and promised that the room would be cleaned before we return. We did return a little over five hours later. When we got to our room, there was a "Do Not Disturb" sign hanging on the doorknob. This surprised us because we did not put it there. We opened the door and our room was exactly like we had left it. Housekeeping had not touched our room at all! I went back the the front desk and I spoke with the same manager again. She used the excuse that since the sign was hanging on the door, housekeeping could not touch the room. This just enfuriated me more, especially since she saw my family and me go into the parking garage to leave for the day. She knew that we would return mid-afternoon and they still did nothing with the room. The manager told me to go back to the room to meet with the new housekeeping supervisor. When she did get to the room I showed her what we were so upset about. She did give us her apoligies that followed that with excuses: 1. She is new to the job. 2. It takes time to train the staff. 3. She had to come from another building (read hotel). 4. Housekeeping staff was following the "Do Not Disturb" sign request. My wife and I talked this over and we decided to cut our vacataion short so we checked out and left. We are lucky enough to have relatives just 2 hours away. Later that night I did get to speak with Mr. Volentine, the general manager. He offered his apologies and admitted that "The ball was dropped not once but twice in the mishandling of this whole situation". He offered other incentives to get us to try Place d'Armes again. Even with the offer of gas reimbursement we are never going back to that hotel. I have worked in the people service industry for more than 28 years. I feel that qualifies me to say that I did not detect an ounce of sincerity in any of the apologies, much less the excuses, that we received. Please, protect yourself and your family. Go as far back in the reviews as January 1, 2008. There are other complaints. I believe just like some other reviewers, that hotel staff or other administrators must be the ones giving this place such a favorable review score. I read those same reviews. The first two times we stayed there without incident . We tried them for a third time and are shocked that this is what happened to us.