My wife and I stayed at the Place D'Armes for $116 a night (AAA discount) in September 2007. Check-in went smoothly. The hotel is 1/2 block from Jackson Square, which was great. We stayed in room 321, which faced the noisy side street. Not noisy because of cars, but noisy because of the people drinking to all hours of the morning on the patios opposite the hotel. Inner court yard was very nice. Pool was fine, minus the 3 large tiles missing from the upper side. ROOM: The room was clean. One issue is one of the windows was level with the public patio that faced the side street. If you are concerned about people being able to see in from the patio, you had to keep the window closed, which made for a dark room. BATHROOM: Dated, but clean. BED: The queen size bed must have been at least 20 years old as it was EXTREMELY soft. If you have any type of back problems or desire hard beds, do not stay at this hotel! I am guessing all the other beds are similar to the one we had. WALLS: The walls of the hotel were paper thin; I swear there was no insulation in the walls! You could hear everything/everyone outside of your room . Not nice when it is 4:30AM and your across the hall neighbor is cursing because he lost his cell phone, nor when all the true drunkards come home after 4:30AM either. Or when you want to sleep past 8:00AM and there are people who are going out onto the balcony! CHECK OUT: It went smooth. However, if you expect to be able to print your boarding passes, do not stay here. Receptionist-"Oh, I don't have access to the Internet." Me-"I saw a computer in the manager's office, can't I use that?" Receptionist- "The manager is at lunch, you can't use it and you can't print your boarding passes." What hotel doesn't offer a complimentary computer where you can at least print out your boarding pass or at least print it out for you? The taxi for the hotel, which the hotel scheduled, was on time. I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a decent nights sleep and a hard bed!