My husband and I just returned yesterday from the Place d'Armes Hotel. I read a number of reviews before booking and it seemed like this hotel was going to be pretty hit and miss in terms of rooms. I took my chance and, unfortunately, ours was a BIG miss...Hands down, the second to worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. 1. Carpet was disgusting. Definitely would not walk on it without shoes. I understand New Orleans is prone to flooding and the carpet in this room definitely must have been a victim. At this point, it wasn't much better than indoor/outdoor carpet. Thin, worn, dirty looking. The floor under the carpet was apparently in bad shape too. Rather than utilizing some floor leveler first, they just slapped that ratty carpet over the top so the floor was all lumpy and uneven. 2. Wallpaper must be older than I am. It was dingy, dark and peeling off the walls everywhere. 3. MOLD growing on the walls. I'm not talking about a little mold on the grout in the bathroom (although there was some of that too). I'm not talking about dust or any other kind of dirt. I mean black colored MOLD growing right on the wallpaper in the bedroom area. And a good bit of it too. One wall had patches of it covering an area about 2 feet x 3 feet. And I didn't have to look hard to find it. It was CLEARLY visible above the armoire holding the TV. 4. Minor fear that the ceiling might fall on us. There was an area of the ceiling that had clearly suffered water damagevery close to being directly above my husbands head while he slept. Around the damaged area, the paint was peeling and flakinga big brown stain surrounded by peeling paint does not inspire confidence in the structural integrity of the place. 5. Room just generally smelled...the mold probably didn't help. 6. Room location was uneventful. We had a ground floor 'courtyard' room, but it was more like an alley room. Room 124 was off a smaller courtyard and even then it wasn't really on the courtyard. It was off of a walkway leading away from the courtyard...hence, more of an alley. 7. Room decor was dark, dull and dreary. In addition to the previously mentioned dirt, the dark brown bedding and curtains didn't help liven things up. The furniture was well worn and didn't have the feel that it was worn because it was antique...it just seemed shabby. Overall, the room felt like a cave. And having a room with a window didn't help since it was ground floor and we kept the curtains pulled so that we weren't on display for all of the other guests...well, the ones who would venture up our 'alley' anyway. Being an old building, I wasnt surprised or even upset by the fact that the floor above us was pretty close to paper thinWell before 8:00 in the morning I awoke to the stomping of our upstairs neighbor. I think they were actually just walking around, but each and every footstep sounded like a stampede. And I wasnt surprised or upset by the tiny bathroomWe couldnt even get the bathroom door shut if we were sitting on the toilet. But when combined with all of the other negatives, even the things I had been expecting seemed like bigger drawbacks than they would have otherwise. As for the positives, the hotel location was good. Right near Jackson Square. However, the area isnt THAT bigso it seems that the vast majority of French Quarter hotels have a good location. For perspective, as 30-year-olds who arent in particularly good shape, we had more than enough energy to walk anywhere we wanted to go in the Quarter and even took 2 walking tours in the same day. The courtyard was nicewe left our alley and ate our breakfast in the main courtyard. But dont plan on spending a whole lot of time there because the furniture, while nice to look at, wasnt particularly comfortable. Fortunately, we only had to stay one night at this hotelWhich is the only reason I didnt inquire about switching rooms. Much more than 1 night and I really would have had serious concerns about staying there. Molds can pose serious health risks and there was just too much of it in that room to feel safe or comfortable. The shame of it is that the room had a lot of potential if hadnt been one of the grimiest, dingiest, least-cared for hotel rooms Ive ever seen. If you are a gambler, go ahead and take the chance that you will get one of the nice rooms that people have reported getting. Otherwise, your best bet is to stay somewhere else.