This is was a very bad experience. It was my first trip to NO- 4 days to celebrate my husband's birthday (1/17). After much research, I booked our 3-night stay here. I called and spoke to the front desk, making sure they could honor my request for a balcony, courtyard room. No problem- they assured me this was fine. Everyone tells you to stay in the Quarter for your first trip to NO- Don't believe listen to them. After arriving and walking through the lovely courtyard, we found ourselves in a first floor room on the street, #118. This was exactly what I requested NOT to have! The heavy draperies had to remain closed or else we'd be "on display" on Charters Street. The noise from the street sounded like it was in the room with you. The furniture was drab. The lighting was dim. The bathroom was grungy and the bed literally poked you in the back. The sheets were scratchy. It was awful0 not just not what I asked for, but an awful room more on a cheap motel scale than a hotel. After returning to the front desk and explaining that this was NOT what I requested, I was told that they could not move us- not that night or the next and only MAYBE the last night. I understand the situation- sold out is sold out- but this request had been made well in advance (I booked at least 6 weeks in advance) and spoke to someone personally. We tried to rationalize that so little time is spent in a room, but after one night in that bed we packed our bags and started calling other hotels. We jumped on the St. Charles Streetcar and spent the next two nights at the Columns Hotel- a wonderful, charming hotel that screams New Orleans. Our bartender at Muriel's (great food- corner of St. Ann & Charters) had suggested it after overhearing us discussing our situation. Apparently, we were not the first couple to check in and then drown their sorrows over the awful room at his bar. He said that he hears many complaints about the place- a comment we heard over and over again by locals all over the city. Do yourself a favor- don't waste your money here!!!