This is a copy of the letter that I sent to the hotel following our 'early' depature. Four days later and still no reply from them. Dear Mr & Mrs Smith, My wife and I checked into the Soniat House this past Thursday, 16 October and were scheduled to stay for a three night break from our young children. We had carefully selected the hotel on the strength of your website, reviews on tripadvisor.com, and on the basis that we appreciate boutique hotels with old world charm. We had booked your 'romance' package which included a dinner, driver to/from the airport and bottle of champagne on arrival (we did not receive this). We initially checked into room 53 but found it to be dark and musty and were subsequently moved into room 32. We found the exterior of your hotel to be beautiful and exactly what we were looking for for our weekend in New Orleans, but were completely dissappointed with the room's interior decor, particularly your bathrooms which are outdated by 10-15 years. We checked out the following morning because we were so upset that we were paying $500/night; we felt cheated and for the price expected a lot more. To our surprise, the hotel refused to refund the additional two nights, which we feel is disgusting given that you misrepresent your hotel's interiors on the internet. Whilst the hotel has old world charm and is beautiful, your bathrooms are old, had wallpaper peeling off in sections and generally in need of an upgrade (although it is apparent they have been upgraded before, perhaps in the 80's). We took photographs of the room and bathroom as evidence, and before we complain to 1) our credit card company 2) to your affiliation with Small Luxury Hotels of the World and 3) to tripadvisor.com, we wanted to give you the opportunity to respond to our request for the credit back of two nights accomodation on our credit card. I hope you will consider this request given the environment we are in -- where for the money, your clients will be demanding perfection. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Kind regards John Bond