I was part of the party mentioned in the first Guest Not #1 priority post. What my aunt stated is true, we worked hard to coordinate a trip where my small family of five could meet from four different states and accommodate my fathers 25 ft trailer and be in one location. My aunt did call the hotel more than once to confirm that we could in fact park the trailer in their lot. We also went into the lobby upon arrival to confirm again that this would be ok. The girl (I believe her name was Angela) said yes, we could park the trailer there. The lot is gated and there are no pull through parking spots (a detail that no one seemed to find relevant when my aunt called). It took my father over an hour to pull in and get situated in a way that he took the minimal amount of spots, could pull out and other guests could pull in. As we were maneuvering this, the connection for his lights from his truck to the trailer was ripped apart. We got situated and left to see New Orleans. When we came back to check into the second room, a new desk clerk was there and she said the manager stated the trailer needed to be moved. We asked to speak to the manager. The manager said that no one would have said that it would be OK to park the trailer there. While she might not have approved this, other hotel staff did in fact approve this. Rather than owning up to a mistake that her staff made, and letting us park there for three week days when there were no events going on, she insisted that the trailer be removed at 7pm in the evening with no lights. My father was obviously upset about the situation and the manager acted as if he were out of line and escalated the situation by raising her voice to him and acting as if she had been threatened. Not once did we get an apology for their mistake. Needless to say, we did get the trailer out of their lot, to make room for the manager and her staff to park. They did in fact help make phone calls to a local RV park, where we would have gone in the first place, had we not been told that it would be OK to park the trailer at this hotel. That is the only amount of credit that I can give to this manager. And she did it because I stated to her that because my father was upset and he had no lights, there was a good chance that there would be an accident. I was extremely disappointed in the way that the manager handled the situation. Things could have worked out much differently. Yes, the employees DO park in the lot on the hotel property, per the manager when she replied to my aunt; this is because it is not busy season. There is a lot a block or so away, and if you are a guest and you have the clearance, you can park there and walk to your hotel. My recommendation to this hotel would be to send managers through some customer service classes and not to allow them to park in hotel guest parking.