Appear to want to ditch 3rd party guest, when they can get more from walk ins. Also care more about where employees get to park than guests. Called direct to hotel and inquired if they could accommodate truck with 5th wheel. After checking calendar was told there are no events in town at that time there would be no problem with trailer." I booked 2 rooms through Travelocity. On April 16 I called back directly to Hotel inquired again about truck and 5th wheel. Was told the same thing, no events in town No problem with trailer. After arriving and unhitching trailer, we were told trailer had to be moved off guest lot. The truck is GMC 2011, car 2007 Santa Fe and very nice trailer these were not old beat up vehicles. We were quickly offered refunds for both rooms and said we could go elsewhere. The trailer was taking 2 1/2 parking spots. We then offered to park car and truck on street to make room for trailer that was already unhitched to stay on lot. Again, we were told "No" but we can give you a refund. When I explained to manager about the 2 prior phone calls she stated "No one here would have said that." I have proof on my cell phone that I had called hotel direct. No I dont have proof of what was actually said, but why else would I call the hotel direct? I was basically called a liar in front of my family and other hotel guests. During our conversation to resolve this issue, several other guests had arrived to inquire about walk in rates. They were told near double what we had paid. At that point it appeared Best Western was trying to get us out so they could double the revenue for our rooms. We did end up moving trailer to another location and did get a refund for 1 room. However this was a family reunion that was put together after the death of my sister and by her adult children. We all live in different parts of the country and this was our meeting place. The following day after check in., we noticed the manager, the custodian/maintance man and desk clerk all had cars parked in the guest lot. Thats 3 cars taking guest spots. This happened all 3 days that we were there. I took pictures and have proof of this also. I have to wonder besides receiving double our rate, was Best Western more concerned about where the employees park than being able at accommodate reserved guests?. Sincerely, Hel