My man and I visited New Orleans in January for a quick two night stay. I had researched a long time to find the right hotel ,and decided on the Frenchman because of the great location and that the room I rented was a suite with a living room and a balcony. I had read a lot of good reviews and discredited a few bad ones. At first I only booked one night , in a suite through Bookit.com, and planned to stay the first night at my friends guest house few blocks away in the Marigny . A day after I booked our room on the Bookit.com website ,I decided to book our first night there as well and went directly to the Frenchmen's website , I found the same room available(for $20.00 more), and so I booked it for our first night too. When we arrived at the hotel we were put in room 200. It was a lovely room but it did not have a living area as pictured and promised. I went down to the desk and let them know and even showed them proof on their own website. I just kept being told that that was a suite and that I would need to speak to the manager tomorrow about it. Well, the next day we called Bookit.com and they called the hotel and let them know that they needed to move us to a suite,and we were moved to a suite albeit a MUCH dumpier room , In spite of it all being there in black and white to see they just chose to call a single,small, room with only a bed and a bathroom( and large walk through windows that did not lock) a suite. *see review titled "do not stay in room 200",in which the management did not call 200 a suite. Upon leaving I suggested that perhaps they should change the description and the pictures on their website and it appears that at least they have now changed it. I am often impressed when a manager responds to a complaint on these reviews, thinking that it indicates that they really do look after things and care,however if that were the case they should have fixed it then,rather then apologize later. My friend had wanted me to stay free in her guest house but I wanted to stay in in this "quaint/funky" hotel which ultimately did us wrong.