Long review, but worth reading before you make your reservation... Back in April (2 1/2 months before our arrival date), we reserved two double rooms at the Comfort Inn Midtown for 3 adults and 3 children (reserved on ChoiceHotels). When we arrived at the hotel in July, we were told that there were no double rooms available because the hotel was undergoing renovations. (We didn't see any signs of renovations during our stay.) The front desk clerk offered to put us into two rooms, each with one Queen bed and a cot. We said this would be OK, but only if we were charged the rate that was advertised the previous evening on ChoiceHotels for this room type and date ($55 less per room than the rate we were quoted for our double rooms). He said he could only offer us a 10% discount ($14 less per room). He offered to walk us down the street to another hotel if we didn't want these rooms. We said this was unacceptable since we had to get ready to go see a show in a couple of hours. We then called Choice Hotels Customer Service (CHCS) using the front desk phone. I told the CHCS clerk about what had happened. He asked me if the hotel had offered to pay for our rooms at the other hotel. I told him that they hadn't. He then put my call on hold and contacted the hotel to get more information. The office manager told him that they had one double room available and that they had told us this. When the CHCS clerk came back to my call, he told me this and I informed him that this was not true. I told him I was fine with having only one double room, but only if the single room was at the same discounted rate as listed on the web site the previous evening. He put me on hold and contacted the hotel again and discussed this with the office manager. She spoke loudly and sounded very agitated. After their call, my call with the CHCS clerk was cut off. The office manager said it didn't matter, since the CHCS clerk would just tell me that there was only one double room available and the other room would be only $14 less. Again, I said this was unacceptable and asked her to reconnect me to CHCS. She then told me that they had two double rooms available. She said that we would need to pay $12 extra per person though. We said that we would not pay any extra charges than those on the printed copy of our reservation. She did not seem happy this response, but proceeded to check us in. She said something like "I thought you would have been more understanding, but I guess you don't want to work with me". I thought it was very unprofessional for an office manager to behave this way while other customers were in the lobby, overhearing this entire fiasco. Because our check-in process was so disastrous (about 20 minutes), none of us enjoyed our stay at the hotel. We would definitely warn others not to stay at this hotel, based on our experience, plus other reviews we've read since then. Make sure to check out other reviews with low ratings. Several of them describe very similar stories. There are several other nice hotels in the same area and price range, so make sure to choose your hotel wisely. When we filed a formal complaint with CHCS, we were told that someone in upper management of the hotel would contact us within 7 days. It has been 2 weeks now and we still haven't received a call from anyone at the hotel.