Our stay over the Labor Day weekend this year was unacceptable. Which is sad since we enjoyed our stay a year ago. And it seems obvious based on other reviews that the Larchmont has slipped. It is with sadness that I write this bad review. Why? The location is fantastic -- on a quiet street between 5th and 6th ave. And the price is great. But they aren't the only low cost alternative in nyc -- hotel 17, 2nd home 2nd ave are a couple of places I've stayed that I would recommend ahead of larchmont. Now for the bad stuff. On Sunday, I got up to go to the bathroom at 6am. One of the two shared toilets down the hall was totally clogged, the door was open to the hall, was smelling up the hall and disgusting. I used the other toilet and when I got back to the room called the front desk. They said that the cleaning person started at 7am and would fix it. At 7:15am, i went down the street to get a bagel and saw no sign of a cleaning person. I stopped by the front desk on my way out and reported the toilet in graphic detail. I was told it would be fixed. When I got back upstairs, no cleaning person. I used the other bathroom's shower with a smell that was inescapable. Got back to the room. Called down to the front desk at 8:15am and again reported the toilet. I was told this was the first time they heard of this problem. (I had spoken to 3 different people in two hours!) Again I was told it would be fixed. My fiancee took a shower and as she was leaving the bathroom the cleaning person showed up. But the best part was, that she started on the working bathroom and the not the clogged one. My fiancee says that something bit her during the night too. I didn't have this. Based on other reviews of no hot water for days, broken elevators and our experience with the toilet. Management just doesn't seem to care. I don't mind the small room. I don't mind the bathroom down the hall. It isn't actually an issue of money for me. I like the neighborhood and see the hotel room as a place to sleep and shower and if we are spending more time than that in the room, we aren't spending our time in NYC correctly.