I stayed at the Time Hotel for 7 nights last week. The first indication of a problem at the Time Hotel was when I arrived around 11pm. The counters in the lobby were covered in papers, and two people were working behind them. I stepped up, and stood there for five minutes as they shuffled papers around. These papers had people's personal information on them, I noticed, which I could read. Eventually, one of the men, without looking up, asked if he could help me. I checked in and went to my room, 1202. I went to my room. There was mold on the ceiling in the bathroom, the shower door would not close completely, the floor was dirty, and it was quite warm (78F) in the room. Also, one of the reading lights for the bed was broken and held together with plastic zip ties. I discovered this when I cut my finger on the broken, jagged edge of it. I turned the A/C on and opened the windows. The climate control unit did not really seem to respond to the settings that I made on the thermostat, and even with the window open, I was only able to get it down to 73F. This was pretty warm for me. I called the front desk and they said an engineer would take care of it, which never happened. Since the shower door didn't close, water would get everywhere when I showered, which probably didn't help the mold problem on the ceiling. The shower itself was dingy, as was the rest of the bathroom, with peeling caulk everywhere. The minifridge was warm and smelled terrible inside. There was also an orange fluid dripping out of it. After two days of the hot, dirty room, I went to the front desk and complained. Christine was quite pleasant and apologized, offering to move me to another room. She gave me a room key and asked me to check it out. I went to the room and looked inside. It was much like the room I was currently in, with a couple differences. One, there was what can only be described as bodily fluids or mucus smeared on the coverlet, and a good 30-40 hairs of various lengths and varieties on the pillows and sheets. I went downstairs and asked to see another room. She gave me another key. This time, the key opened the lock, but it was locked from the inside and I heard voices from within. I went downstairs and Christine asked a bellhop to escort me to another room. I went to the room and looked around. It seemed clean and with no mold. I moved my stuff into the new room and thanked Christine for her trouble. That night was very cold and windy outside. despite the windows being closed tightly, I could feel a very cold breeze coming through them. I set the thermostat to 70F and turned the heat to high. The night seemed strangely cold. Upon waking, I discovered that the room temperature had dropped to 59F, which is pretty cold. I called the front desk and told them that I had no heat, and they apologized and said they would have an engineer look at it. When I returned home after an 18 hour day at the office, it was 58F in the room, which was colder than before! I went down to the front desk and explained that I was sick of moving around from tiny, dirty, broken room to another. The man apologized and took me to a suite, room 906. We inspected it together, and it seemed OK, if not still a little dirty. This was a nice corner suite, with a lot of windows. The bathroom had the first shower I had used where the shower curtain was long enough to prevent water from getting on the floor. The toilet was loose, and clunked from side to side when I sat on it or moved on it. The climate controls in the rooms seemed not to function at all, yet it stayed at about 70F, which was acceptable, although without the ability to turn a fan on, I still had to sleep with earplugs, as the street outside was quite noisy. About every 45 minutes there was a loud ka-chunk from something that I think was on the building right outside my room. Not sure what it was. My internet service went out in the suite while I was using it. I called the front desk, and the engineer was there in a few minutes. Such fast service on the internet but nothing for heat?!?! He tested it and made a phone call from my room to tech support. He then played with my cable box, which fixed the static on the TV, but still no internet. The next morning, my last, my bill had the charges for the internet that didn't work and a phone charge for when the engineer made the call from my room. I called the front desk and asked them to fix it. I came back from breakfast and checked out. The bill had not been corrected. I tried to explain it, but they didn't seem to understand, as they had already reversed a double-charge for internet when I had moved rooms the first time. Finally, they understood and adjusted the bill. I would never, ever, ever, ever, stay at the Time Hotel again. It is dirty, unpleasant, broken, and not worth your time or money. Every fixture and piece of furniture is splattered in paint from hasty repainting jobs. Light switches are broken. Things are poorly thought out, such as the closets whose hangar bars stick out, but not far enough to actually access anything but the first item on the bar. I would compliment the staff on at least trying to respond to my concerns, even if the hotel is so far gone they have little control over its quality.