Having moved out of NYC 5+ years ago, I find myself traveling back for work constantly. I think I have stayed in the majority of NYC hotels that bill themselves as 4 & 5 stars. I have never before been tempted to write a review, mostly because my experiences ranged from good to outstanding. This time, I just can't help myself. I arrived this past Sunday and was greeted at the desk by a woman who could not be bothered to look up from whatever it was she was doing. I stood there for a few minutes until she finally acknowledge me by snipping, "just wait a minute." I did. And then 5 more. Eventually she spoke to me, found my reservation, ignored all my questions -- she literally did not respond to simple inquiries like "where is the elevator?" -- and handed me the keys to Room 1416. Now I knew the room was going to be small, but small combined with dingy and dark does not begin to capture the gloom that awaited me in the (open) security-gate-windowed nightmare. The first thing that came to mind was the scene in the movie "Big" when Tom Hank's and his friend walk into the flop house room that he has been forced to take because he could not go home suffering from his newly-minted grown-up condition. I tried to turn on the overhead light only to discover that the switch was broken. When I called down to ask to have someone come up and take a look, the woman who answered could not have been nastier; I decided that rather than dealing with her, I would rely on the two lamps on either side of the bed. (I can't actually report if the overhead light would have worked if I managed to get some current to it.) I took the two steps from the door to the bathroom to discover that the bathroom door knob was detached. Managing to make it past that obstacle, I tried to turn on the sink to find myself holding whatever it is you call the thing that lets the water flow. The sink faucet leaned sharply to the left, which was amusing more than anything else. (I had to wait until Monday AM to find out that the tub did not drain.) The sink itself was separating from the wall leaving that nice black filth that tends to fill up spaces like this. Did I mention the badly stained carpet? How about the depressing hallways? On second thought, never mind. On the bright side, there were plenty of towels. This can all be yours for the low-low price of $350+ a night! Have fun.