I've waited a while to write this review, as this hotel was such a bad experience, I was simply trying to block it out. I've stayed at more than thirty of the four stars in Manhattan by now, and I generally don't care for most of them - New York is a city where you seem to have to pay the dollars to stay at a five star or a boutique hotel to get an exceptional service and comfort experience, and if you are hardly in the room, it doesn't seem worth it. Still, there are plenty that give you a clean, functional room that allows a comfortable stay. I needed one extra night when I extended my stay for the US Open and the Marriott I was staying at the second week was booked, so I used priceline and was quite surprised when I was given this hotel which I mistakenly imagined was higher than the priceline four star bid level (based on W hotels in other cities). Well, from the moment i checked into the rude, horrifying desk, I was treated according to my priceline-station-in-life. The woman could not muster a smile or a welcome as she pushed the room key toward me. The room I was given was simply a disaster. First of all, there isn't anything special about these rooms. Cheap "trendy" furniture, and what is supposed to pass for a modern look, which is actually dated compared to the equivalent hotels elsewhere in the world. I wasn't concerned with the decor, however. My first and foremost concern is that many parts of this particular room had not been vacuumed in what must have been years. I'd lay in bed and look down below the side table, and never mind the whole candy wrapper, the nail clippings, and other filth, the thick layer of grey fuzz dust was astonishing. The edges of the desk, the shelves, but most appallingly, any area of the carpet that was not easily accessible to the vacuum was totally filthy. One large oily stain on the mattress sheet. Stains on the pillow cases. I have not experienced this in a four star, what is more a W. The bahtroom tiles cracked in more places than I could count. A big black dent in the tub. The toilet didn't flush, and I called downstairs. They fixed that. The toiletries were nice, and thats the only good thing I can recall. The lighting which is the mood lighting that perhaps appeals to a certain younger clientele (god knows why) was depressing, nonfunctional, and simply a joke. I've stayed at art-tech hotels around the world and maybe this place is trying to emulate those. They should not try. Get a lighting expert in, and fix the placement of the bulbs to garner the same effect, but in a functional way. I was too tired from the US Open to care to make a big fuss, but the next day upon checkout I asked for a receipt. I was refused a receipt showing a zero balance, because I had used priceline. Three rude women, one a manager, kept telling me I could not get a receipt. I've used the same service for maybe a hundred hotel stays and have always been able to get a printed hotel record of my stay. But no, these ladies could not be bothered. I got so tired of being ignored as they went about their business behind the desk, I even left for a few hours and asked that they figure it out upon my return to retrieve my bags The checkout was so horrifyingly inefficient, with one individual ATTEMPTING to handle all the bags people wanted to store for the day, and not managing at all - and piles of tourists standing around in the lobby cursing or complaining about the bad service. It took 35 minutes to hand a tiny bag to this man, who seemed angry the whole time he tried to take bags to storage. It took almost as long to retrieve it upon my return. The idiot desk-folk had still not figured out how to print a hotel receipt documenting my stay upon my return. This was the final straw and I asked to speak to a manager. I listed the problems in my room, and the state of filth in the room, as well as the checkout fiasco and all i got was "I assure you, we vacuum the rooms" with a blank stare. And this was the manager. Had I not been so tired from that weekend, and wiped out by moves between hotels and Flushing Meadows, I would have insisted on a room inspection. But every request at this hotel took so long, I would have missed my flight. The place was a zoo, and a poorly run zoo. Chaotic, noisy, unfriendly. Finally, and most irritatingly - a pet peeve of mine is when hotel staff treat guests differently, based clearly on what the assume their station in life is, all in the span of minutes. This is an idiotic asinine habit that you usually find in slightly higher end hotels (but not in the very best hotels), among poorly trained staff. You can find them lavishing one hotel guest with attention,respect, welcoming smiles....while not spending a second in attending to another moments later. I observe this from afar, and in this particular case, near - and find it appalling. These surface judgements of merit and worth have no place in the service industry, and any place that doesn't value all their customers equivalently deserves a zero rating. You can't judge a book by its cover. A person's clothing, luggage, sunglasses or nail manicure are not the basis for your hospitality. Learn what it means to provide service. This hotel was certainly one such place, all pretense and with no substance. I've never been treated so poorly, in visiting NYC six or more times annually. Train your staff. Clean your rooms. Meanwhile, I shall keep away and warn everyone I know not to stay at this particular W hotel.