My stay at the W Hotel on Lexington Ave was terrible. Waited over 25 mins to check-in. On my first night l had a shower. Had to cut my shower short as it flooded and the water almost made it to the carpet. Spent 20 mins mopping up. Went to have a sleep but couldn't as the air-con was so loud. Tried to turn it off but there is no on/off switch. The next morning l raised the matters at the front desk. No apology was offered. They said they would get it fixed. Later that day when l returned, the air-con was still rumbling, sounding much like the Space Shuttle taking off. I went back down to the front desk and raised the matter with them. Once again no apology was offered. They did move me to another room. No offer was given to assist moving my luggage. My new room was located right outside the lifts/elevators (note: Don't stay anywhere near the elevators as it is very noisy with people coming and going all night). At approximately 1:30AM when l got into bed the sheets didn't feel crisp and fresh like they should have. I pulled back the sheets and found several PUBIC HAIRS and what appeared like FECAL MARKS on the bottom sheet - SERIOUSLY. I was almost sick at the sight and thought of what l had been in contact with. I went down to the front desk and told them that the sheets had not been changed (i didn't didnt tell them what l found on the sheets as l was too embarassed and sick at the thought). Once again no apology was offered. They said they would send someone up to change my sheets. On 2 occasions my room was not serviced. When it was serviced they missed placing new face washers and enough towels. On the topic of towels, some looked off white. If you drink at trhe bar make sure you pay cash. I originally started a tab but then decided to pay cash. A few days later l looked at my account on the tv and found that l had been charged for the drinks. I am not accusing anyone of anything, however it makes you wonder what happened to the cash. If you do pay cash for anything at the W Hotel, ask for a receipt. My opinion is that the W Hotel is catering for the younger crowds. They have a nice bar and reception area however that's were NICE STOPS at the W Hotel. If you do drink at the bar and need to visit the restroom you need to go to the 2nd floor. How inconvenient and stupid is that???????? When staying in New York City, think twice about staying at the W on Lexington. There are so many other nice hotels that compliment such a beautiful city.