This grossly mismanaged property gives new meaning to Bette Davis' old line"What a dump", and a dump with precious little service at that. Two days before our arrival, I called the hotel to check on the details of our reservations (party of 4/2rooms) and was told I needed to speak to the House Manager. He/she were "too busy" to speak with me, so when I had not recieved a call back after 24 hours, I called again. This time the call was returned, and was given a laundry list of excuses for not returning my call, however we were "upgraded" to rooms with TWIN beds. This an upgrade?? Upon our arrival at 2:00 PM on a Saturday, there was no doorman/bellman in sight, so we scheped our bags into the hotel ourselves. I complained to the House Manager about the lack of staff at the front door, only to be told that at the W they believed in "casual dress" for the staff. How nice for them. It's impossible for the poor guest to who differniated between staff and anyone who might have wandered in from the street. How charming. My zero balance credit card was denied at check-in by the front desk. A call to my credit card company informed me that the hotel had not presented my card for approval, confirming the problem was at the hotel's end. The rooms are tiny and the bathroom slightly bigger than a postage stamp. Absolutely wretched. In one room the shower was broken and not repaired for 48 hours, in the other room the TV was fuzzy and needed attention. Both bathrooms were dirty and poorly stocked with worn and dingy towels, the phone system impossible, the room doors lack dead bolts, the elevator situtation cumbersome, the halls dark, dreary and littered with dirty dishes, the lobby furniture stained, ripped, and horrid (they must have used Ethel Mertz's interior designer in this joint) not to mentioned the loud music and drunkness in the lobby late at night.The printer in the business center was out of paper, and it took 30 minutes to get some one there to refill it. They did comp breakfast for us because of our problems. Big deal. They should have comped our stay. Never again!