Booked this hotel via hotels.com and paid 1200.00 for five nights. I had written to the hotel before as I was concerned about the reviews and I requested a room on a high floor. On arrival we were happy to get a room on the 14th floor. The room was very small and tired the bathroom was cramped and need a good make over. The next morning we awoke to a smell of water and noticed the that one side of the floor was totally soaked from the air con on the floor. We called down and later someone called us back to say we would be removed. Rooms moves take place between 3 and 6pm. We arrived back to the hotel and the move had not been done. Called down to be ask what is your wish ? Explaining the situation we were told someone would call us back. 25 minutes later still no call we called down to be asked what is your wish explained the situation and was then transferred to a voice mail called back again to be ask what is your wish to then be cut off ! We finally got to speak to someone who told us you should never feel you need to chase us! We then left and the room on the promise that the room move would be done. Arrived back in the evening and we had been moved but to a small room - not happy. To date no one has actually apologised about this. Each morning we were woke up by housekeeping as there office is outside the bedroom door. The rooms are tired air con was hard to get right and the rooms are very cluttered. If the hotel spent more time training it's team on customer service and less on quirky things for the rooms they might get it right. Minibar was not stocked. Throughout the stay. Staff generally were not interested and really for this chain and price it should be a whole lot better. We made the mistake if getting to coffees in the bar - coffee small, not hot enough and served with what I felt was the usual dis interest from the staff in the hotel. On e last day we called down and asked for bags to be stored and told they would be collected at no time were we asked to wait in the room, came back later bags still in the room made to feel it was our fault. Really disappointed with this hotel and I would recommend people not to stay here if you want something nice.