Do NOT stay here if you have children. Do NOT stay here if you are over 30. Our room was miniscule even by NYC standards. We had twin beds! I haven't slept in a twin bed since I was a child. The room was so small we had to crawl over the beds to get around from one side to another. The mattress toppers kept slipping off the twin bed so you felt as if you were going to fall off the bed onto the floor. The pillows were hard and the sheets had holes in them on more than one occasion. One of the robes also had a hole in the sleeve. A giant cobweb hung from the ceiling the entire week we stayed there. There was a hair in the tub when we checked in....yuck. Our room looked out on the garbage pickup area of another hotel. They picked up garbage starting about midnight and continuing through the night, the noise was horrendous. The lovely lobby they call the "living room" is not ever solely for the use of the guests. They have loud, booming music playing 24/7, during the day it is filled with people who are attending business meetings in the hotel conference rooms. They fill almost every seat and attempt to talk to each other and into their phones by screaming over the music. Starting on Friday night the "living room" is turned into a club. Loud and obnoxious music and a loud, drinking crowd. We checked in on a Sat. night and had to literally scream over the music for the desk clerk to hear us. My daughter had an important conference call across town, they messed up our reservation and she had to straighten it out before she could leave for her meeting. The shorter, older male desk clerk with the glasses started screaming at her that she should respect him and no one is allowed to get upset and not respect him.......I am not kidding. The manager witnessed the end of this and promised to speak to him and gave my daughter 500 points, seriously???? The desk clerk should have been pulled off the desk immediately. Trying to check out our suitcases were already in the taxi and the desk clerk was making a personal phone call and refused to acknowledge our existence. Finally my daughter left the key on the counter and we left. The only positive things I can say about this hotel is that it is in a good location, but so are other hotels and you would have to be treated better than you will be at this hotel. The maintenance staff is wonderful, we did not have ANY hot water for the first 2 days and they worked until it was fixed. The food is also very good but ridiculously high priced. Between the garbage trucks, the thumping music of the club that we could hear in our room and the beds being twin with slipping pads we never got a decent night's sleep. Also the room was boiling hot and we could not get the air conditioning to cool it down. To top off the entire experience I could not get on the internet the last night we stayed there. Avoid this hotel.