6 hours in a bus from the Cape and we were ready for to relax. PS I would recommend a Peter Pan bus from Hyannis to New York much better than flying and a magnificent view as you approach the city. Great welcome at the W Lexington Ave really friendly face with a great attitude. I think his name was Tim. Lobby and reception were what we were expecting and the sofas and chairs looked inviting in the bar area and we mentally promised ourselves a drink before dinner. From the lift to the room I knew the room would be small looking at the spacing in between the doors but small rooms dont bother me as we have stayed in some really tiny ones in Paris but nothing prepared me for the shoe box we would be staying in for four days. You couldnt open the curtains to let the light in due to the multi storey car park view. It was like staying in a cell. Monks would love it!! I had trouble getting around the bed avoiding the large television on a pole in one corner. We have shoe boxes that are bigger. No way could we u pack the bags as one door of the 4 contained the safe and another the mini bar. The closet was even smaller we hung up about 6 things and it was full. The carpet and tiles in the bathroom were dirty and the walls in the bathroom had heavy textured wall paper which hung on to all the splashes from the basin. I couldnt dry myself in the bathroom just too small. We were kept awake all teh 1st night as the window would not close and teh noise from teh air conditioning was horrendous. Two call the next day did get it repaired but it was a rear facing room and the noise was only marginally better. It was what I can only describe as the Emperors new clothes. Every one afraid of being uncool if they critique something that is labelled hip/ trendy. Nice design fittings do not make up for cramming people in to an unsafe space. Truly awful!. To make matters worse you try getting a seat in the bar when it is full of non-resident office types who hang about there after work taking up space from people staying. We gave up in the end and went to a local bar. Breakfast was no better in a dull really dull breakfast room with no natural light and just plain depressing we took to eating a diner down the avenue. Next trip to New York we will look elsewhere. Best things were the welcome and the consierge who helped us get tickets to non broadway theatre it was down hill from there.