After day 2 we tried to move to a different hotel but could not find one--the W is horrible.Confirmed reservation for double--given a single and told they'd work on correcting it--we contacted manager and after about an hour did get moved to a double--then late that night a man tried to get into our room--they'd given him keys and booked him in same room. Room supposed to have coffee maker--finally got one after asking for it for 2 days -- but no coffee--it is an extra $11 a pot. Also got charged and extra $5 to get a coffee cup. We had drinking glasses for 2 days and then we got charged $5 on a day when the maid did not leave galsses and we had to call down and ask for more. We started washing and hiding glasses and coffee cups because they wanted to charge $5 extra to use one each day !! We also had to ask for extra clothes hangars-- the room comes with only 2. One day our room keys did not work--front desk said cell phones erased the magnetic strip. Room had bedside lamp and then on day 3 it was removed with no explanation and never replaced. On day 5 I found out the sheets were not being changed--small spill on a sheet and it was still there after the maid had been in. I asked and found out they don't change sheets until the guest leaves--we we're booked for 8 days. (we'd been tipping the maid every day--after that we left much smaller tips). Internet connection was $20 a day in a city where all other places have free internet. The room was very small and very noisy--crying child next door was horrible and there was a lot of noise in the hall at all hours. The W also extends it's mini-bar to covering a dresser top with snacks and a notice that says the snacks are on a pressure pad and we'd be charged if we moved any of the junk off the dresser top--no flat surfaces in the room to put anything on. The place tried to sound British calling the elevator a lift and bathrooms waterclosets but front desk clerks pretend to not understand English whenever we asked a question. We reserved the room for $289 a night for 8 nights but when we settled the bill we found a charge of $599 for one night with no explanation-- desk clerk actually walked away and turned her back on us when we asked her to explain the charge !!! We're still trying to get that corrected. We're in NY twice a year for confrences-- we've stayed in many NY hotels---this one was the worst ever. We booked a room here because we were in the city for longer than usual and wanted a really nice place-- never again.