I stayed here for 6 nights with work. I should first confirm, therefore, that I was not paying. Nevertheless, I have an appreciation for value-for-money whether its mine or not! Indeed, the fact that I wasnt paying but still have cause to post this review speaks volumes! I duly winced as I paid the $3500 bill at the end of the week (including a $6 watery coffee from the bar). Id heard about the W chain being up-market and chic so thought Id give it a go. Well, if up-market means eye-wateringly expensive with snotty service, then theyve nailed it. And if chic means a bit tatty, dirty and dated, then theyve scored 2-out-of-2. My colleague and I had both opted for King rooms, on the basis that any NYC queen bed would probably completely fill its allotted room. My colleague arrived the day before me, and when checking in was told that the king bed hed booked wasnt available. He was bumped into a queen bedroom which he confirmed was indeed the smallest you could imagine. The receptionist apparently presented the fact that he would not be paying the king price for that night was somehow an added bonus. On my arrival at the hotel with a 25kg bag and various carry-ons, after a 12 hour trip, the gormless porters stood by and watched me enter without lifting a finger. The receptionist too was extremely unwelcoming. After the hotel swiped my pleasingly under-used credit card, my card company baulked at the sudden spike in my CC spending. They consequently blocked the payment; news which was delivered to me by the receptionist in the most condescending way you could imagine. No offer was made of a telephone to call my credit card company. Luckily, my CC company called me, to check the charges were genuine and allowed the payment. The dcor of the rooms is quite nice, although the smart new york style white bathroom tiles didnt look as though they had been scrubbed since the hotel was built. The bath and tiles had a yellowish scum over them. The mini-bar is open air and looks incredibly tacky. The price list and the snotty dont touch if you cant afford warning sign together ensured I didnt have to remortgage my house to get some Pringles. From memory, it was $12 for a miniature toothbrush and 10ml or so of toothpaste  the kind you get for free on airlines. Ouch. A miniature tube of Pringles was in excess of $10. Careful you dont choke! The wireless internet in the lounge has the bandwidth of a string telephone. Of course, it would be, because its free. The wired access in the room was must better, for around $16 plus tax per day, but the room was too dark (see below) to sit in for any period of time. Wired internet points in the lounge would be good. Not wanting to go-on, heres a quick run down of the other problems with this hotel: The lights in the bedroom are too dark to do anything useful. Ditto the lights in the hall. No tea and coffee facilities in the rooms. The air con is SOOO noisy and is hard to turn off. The bathroom fan remains on hurricane force all night. The DVD player didnt work. Most of the tv channels were badly tuned. There is no sound insulation in the door, so I was woken throughout the night by noisy guests returning. I dont want to be purely negative about my stay. The location was great for what we needed it for, and the apples on the reception were a nice touch, as was the iPhone docking station (although thats becoming expected these days). Also, you could sit around in the lounge during the day drinking a Starbucks without being pestered by staff trying to fleece you for another $9 bottle of bud - that only started around 4pm. On balance though, I dont think Ill be staying at another W hotel anytime soon (although the Meridien chain in the same Starwood group IS very good but sadly not represented in NYC). Now, pray silence please, as a representative of the hotel will now post some wishy-washy, non-committal, nonsense below trying to trick you into thinking that this was just a one-off and that it is actually a really nice hoteltake it away maestro