From: ronnie bozine Sent: Monday, October 04, 2010 5:03 PM To: GM.Edward.Maynard@whotels.com; nick bozine sr Subject: Hotel Stay-W Hotel 541 Lexington Avenue Mr. Maynard, I am writing this letter to tell you of our experience at the W New York Hotel on Oct. 1st and Oct.2nd leaving on Oct. 3rd. First, we arrived on Friday  Oct. 1st and it was raining hard. There was no one to help us outside with our luggage so we carried it inside to the check in desk by ourselves. We arrived early so our room wasnt ready. When we came back we checked with the front desk and our room was ready. We stayed in room 1822 which is suppose to be the upscale deluxe corner studio room. the bathroom and carpets were filthy with lint and dirt everywhere. It was around 1:30. We went to our room and relaxed for awhile in the living room area. We had a massage at the bliss spa at 3:00 PM. We showered and left our room around 5:00 since we had an early dinner and show. We went to bed around 11:00 PM and realized when we got there that the bed was not a king size which we paid for and received an email confirmation for. Early Saturday I went to the front desk to let them know about the bed. The girl at the front desk said that the bed was a king size and I told her that I have slept in a king size bed with my husband for 42 years and it was not a king. She asked if I would like to speak to the manager and I said yes. I waited for the manager for 15 minutes and after none came, I asked the front desk to have her call my room. No one ever called. We went out for the day around 11:00 AM Saturday and when we came back at 3:15 PM our room was never cleaned nor our bed made. I called down to the front desk and housekeeping came up and cleaned our bathroom and bedroom area while we waited in the living room for them to finish. We made the best of it and stayed another night at the hotel. Sunday morn was the worst of all. We asked the front desk to get our car so we could leave for home. It was 8:05 am. We waited for 20 minutes and after the car never came my husband questioned the bellman and he said nobody ever called it into the garage. We asked how and when we could get the car and he said we could walk around the corner and get it ourselves. the porter/bellhops were rude and seemed to be upset with the hotel management.Well, that is exactly what we did and we carried all our own luggage with us(in the rain). We then got to the garage and had to wait another 20 minutes for our car because they told us no one ever called them from the hotel.. It was one of the most unprofessional experiences we have ever had at a New York Hotel. We stay in New York several times a year for shows and shopping and I just wanted to let you know that we will never stay at the W again. Your staff is very unprofessional and there are no friendly faces behind your check-in desk.we asked twice to speak with yhe manager and were told you would call us in the room.you never called us. I would give you a name of the people on your staff we talked to but none wore a name tag to identify themselves. We wanted to make you aware of our experience this weekend mostly to vent our anger and frustration over the terrible attitude shown to us this weekend. we had 2 massages and saw 2 shows and hardly spent any time in your hotel but the dirty rooms,the failure to clean the room while we were out all day and the overall hatred between your staff and the hotel itself was evedent from the arguements between your management and your workers in the hallways and elevator. We are business owners ourselves and your hotel has some seriour management problems. Sorry to say that there was nothing good about our experience at the W hotel. If anyone is considering staying at the w hotel please take our review serious.we were extremely angry when we left and this is a great forum to vent. Sincerely, Nicholas & Veronica Bozine 445 Delsea Drive Sewell, NJ 08080