The W is marketed as being a luxury hotel. It is not. The rooms are small. The furnishings are mostly ridiculous (obnoxious pressure sensitive mini bar/snack bar) very uncomfortable desk/office chair, a glass desk with no mouse pad, a hopeless shower, no tea/coffee facilities unless specifically requested - and even then they don't change the mugs or bring coffee refills. Oh, and the bathrooms have weird textured wallpaper that does not clean up well - as evidenced by the many odd (don't get too close!) stains all over the wall. Maid Service The worst of any luxury hotel I've stayed at. They do service the rooms, but never changed the sheets (we stayed for over a week). The towels were often dirty (we had to ask for changes for two towels that seemed to have blood stains on them) and smelled of cigarette smoke. The cups for the coffee machine were never changed or replaced. We requested replacement robes and they never appeared. By the end of the stay we gave up using their 'whatever/whenever' service. The room keys Frequently stopped working - we had to replace them multiple times. Front desk staff Customer service training would be helpful - I'd suggest a field trip to: the Omni or The Marriott (there's one next door!) for some pointers. The lobby Terrible. During the evening it turns into an awful faux DJ bar. I felt bad for the people on the lower floors. The corridors Are like something out of a vampire tv show. They are dark and dingy, with weird upholstery and trays of grass. Yes, grass. The bed The one good thing about the hotel. The bed was very comfortable. Internet BAD: the wireless is terrible. And, if you have more than one computer forget it - the passcode only lets you use one per room at a time. BedBugs Nope, didn't see any. We figured they probably got lost in the dark corridors or tired of the horribly noisy AC unit or hated the decor so much they decamped elsewhere) (Yankee fans: Beware! You can't watch the Yankees at the W - the TV does not have the YES network, and it also doesn't have any local television programming)