What appears as a bargain hotel rate of $209 at the W Hotel chain's Lexington Avenue location is most certainly no bargain. My three colleagues and I booked 4 rooms, each of us expressed disappionted and will never stay there again. And we are not fussy people, all of us are frequent world travellers, we spend dozens of nights each year in NYC, staying at varoius mid-priced hotels or University clubs. Here is a summary of my experience at the W Lexington Avenue. This very busy section of Lexington Avenue - the sirens and horns blared well after midnight (luckily I had my earplugs with me). The windows are not soundproof as at other hotels. - you will need earplugs if your room faces the street. The rooms are small, which is expected in NYC, but the W's rooms are especially small, more like large closets, with no place other than the bed to set a suitcase, barely any room to get around the bed. And I had the deluxe corner room. - I am no fan of "form over function" and the W's rooms reek of form, with little practicality (for example the light switches are fussy push buttons with skinny slide dimmers, cutesy little signs on them, etc., closet light is built into the rack rather than overhead, etc.). And, to boot, many of the floor and table lights were UNPLUGGED in my room, really frustrating when I tried the wall switches, buttons on the lamps, etc. just to get a light to turn on! I finally realized the maid or prior guest must had unplugged them. Understandable - but someone from the hotel needs to pay attention to these things. As I walked to my room after check in, there were three room service trays, in front of three different rooms - with BREAKFAST DISHES (this was at 5pm). And, just in front of my room a big unattended hotel valet luggage cart was completely blocking the hall. I moved it aside and it was in the same location hours later. At check in I encountered an cheery front desk staff, and I was provided a card with a name and invitation to call with any questions or problems. When I left for dinner around 6pm I informed the person identified on the card that they should ask someone to remove the breakfast dishes. They expressed great shock over this and said they were "soooooo sorry." When I returned from dinner at 10pm the dishes were still in the hallway. This is a perfect example of the "friendliness with no follow through" that is often evidenct in poorly run establishments. After returning from dinner I noted that the "turndown" maid service left a printed note inviting me for coffee and a danish in the front lobby the following morning. I thought that was a nice touch, offered as token of goodwill for my less than perfect experience at the hotel thus far. The following morning I poured a coffee from the urn in the lobby, took a danish and presented the note to person watching me from behind the bar. She took the note, went to a cash register and presented me with a tab for around $10! I said there must be a misunderstanding, since had I given her the note inviting me for coffee and a danish. Her reply "no, that is only an invitation - nothing here is free for our guests". I gulped down my breakfast and vowed to never again set foot in the W Hotel, Lexington Ave. You would be wise to do so as well. Its management appears to be full of clueless amateurs.