Don't stay here. I didn't read other people's reviews only because I was being hosted by my company and had no choice but it was absolutely awful. I stayed here for three nights this past week and was shocked and appalled at how many things went wrong at what is supposed to be a hotel that prides itself on service. Granted, I realized the city was very busy with VMAs, Fashion Week, and the US Open, so it was crowded - but I had no idea how many things would be out of order. Cons: 1. Check-in was delayed (likely due to the busy week in the city - still, guests shouldn't have to wait for 2 hours simply to check-in). 2. The television in the living room of my suite did not work and calls downstairs were not returned. I didn't press it because I had a TV in the bedroom and didn't have time to watch it anyway, but it should have been fixed. 3. Minor point that is not their fault at all but there are a ton of wireless networks in the area and W Guest Rooms wireless network doesn't work that great/show up all the time. Beware of this if you go there so you won't enter your credit card info into some other hotel's network (W doesn't ask for that info). 4. I had to print several documents and the printers weren't working in the Wired center. They didn't have a backup option and a staff member graciously printed them for me from her own computer (after I waited 20 minutes at the concierge desk). I had no way of learning the printers weren't working, however, until I got so frustrated and called on one of the phones near the computers. No sign was posted though they knew about it. 5. Checking out, I was given two bills (one that didn't even belong to me) and one that was "mine" but had $120 in minibar charges (I never touch the minibar). I called them to correct it...and they produced another IDENTICAL bill without the charges removed. 6. The final straw was that I left my bag there upon checking out, and they LOST IT. And by lost I mean they misplaced it and couldn't find it when I went to retrieve it. I must admit that they were very polite and thorough and found it within 2 hours but I was inconvenienced by the delay and anxious the entire time that my bag was on its way to Johannesburg or something. Pros: 1. Lovely room 2. Friendly staff - everyone greeted me in the hallway in a kind manner 3. Good service from the housekeeping I'm so glad I wasn't paying for this stay. They need to do a lot to whip things into shape. It may seem nitpicky but for $1600 worth of a stay service should have been much, much better.