Room was fine. Small, but I expected that. Very clean. Love the Bliss products! Great location. But the stay ultimately was not worth it and I will not return to this hotel. Frankly, I don't know that I'll ever return to a W again. I knew to expect loud music, large crowds, very trendy setting, but I was stunned to find that every staff person I encountered was blatantly rude to me. When checking in and out, I don't think that the front desk staff said anything more to me than "credit card please?" Even if they had said more, I doubt I would have been able to hear them over the thumping music in the lobby. The W hotels advertise (incessantly) that they cater to every wish, yet it was nearly impossible to get the concierge or Whatever/Whenever services on the phone. When I made a very simple and very polite request for firmer pillows after sleeping on super-flat feather pillows the first night, the gentleman on the other end of the phone said with a sigh "we'll see what's available" and promptly hung up on me before I could respond. Housekeeping never arrived. I tried to order room service late one evening (during hours where room service is regularly served), but there was no answer after several minutes of waiting for someone to pick up. When we checked in and left our car with the valet, the doorman told us that when we were ready to check out, we should call down to the front desk 15 minutes prior to when we needed our car. He noted that the valet ticket says it takes 30 minutes, but it would normally be less. Approximately 25 minutes before checking out, I called down to the front desk and gave them my name and valet ticket number. They said the car would be ready in 30 minutes. We went downstairs to find that Lexington Avenue was shut down for a street fair--something the staff did not mention on the phone. When I asked the front desk where we would find the valet, since the street was shut down, I got a rude response, a shrugged shoulder and then a point to the side street where the valet and taxi stand were operating temporarily. We went outside, handed the ticket to the valet, and I noted that we had called ahead. The valet responded snottily, "They don't pull the car until I call them." We waited another 15 minutes on the street before our car was brought around. Certainly we understood the staff's frustration in dealing with the traffic and problems created by the street being shut down, but they were flat-out rude to us without any provocation. I don't need to be fawned over, but I have no tolerance for this kind of rudeness in the hospitality industry. We won't be staying at this hotel again, and I'm not sure if I'll ever consider a W again.