For the first time ever I used hotwire to get a 2 night stay in midtown NYC. I was happy to hear that the hotel I was given was the W. I have heard such great things about the W hotels. When I checked in I requested 2 beds. I was told they didn't have any rooms with 2 beds. I was given the key to our room. When we got to our room I opened the door and saw that there were guests already in the room!! I was in shock!! I went back down to the front desk and explained that the room was already taken. The front desk lady could care less and gave me the key to another room. No apology. Nothing. The room was seriously the smallest room I have ever seen! The bathroom was so small there wasn't even any room for a shower door. I doubt the bathroom was bigger than 5 feet by 7 feet. The fridge was full of overpriced food and drink so we couldn't use it at all. At 5pm we asked for a roll away bed ($25 extra). After dinner the roll away was not delivered. By this time it was 10pm. We called down to the front desk and asked again for the roll away. They said it would be up soon. At 11pm when the bed was still not delivered we called again about the bed. We were told they didn't have any roll away beds. I was so upset I asked why they hadn't told me that at 5pm or at 10pm. They tried to transfer me to the manager. We got 'cut off.' I called back to let them know that I wanted to speak to the manager. They told me a manager would call back. After another hour I called back to the front desk and just asked for blankets and a pillow. Our son was going to sleep on the floor. By about 12:30 we finally got a roll away bed! Unfortunately, we had to move the bed in the room to the wall to even FIT the roll away bed in the room!!!! The size of the room? The size of one double bed and one single bed. Possibly 6 inches between the bed and the wall. The only reason we didn't leave was that we had already paid for the room through hotwire and knew we wouldn't get our money back. I would never ever stay there again. I will also never again use hotwire.