When checking into our room we immediately realised that this was not the room we had reserved. We had booked a "spectacular room" and this was definitely not that. It turned out to be a "cosy room", two categories below ours and unless we had said something at the time then this is the room we would have had to stay in. Essentially, the difference between the two is the size and floor level. We were shown another room, but found that there was no bath. We were shown yet another which overlooked some sort of generator. We then decided to speak to the manager who turned out to be the "talent coach", according to his business card. Never heard of one of these before in a hotel and wondered what his real function was. He showed us another room which also had just a shower and eventually we found a room with a bath and shower over. It took forever for our luggage to be delivered there and that was after a 'phone call to find out what had happened to it. In the meantime we had also requested a tea/coffee maker in the room, but this was nowhere in sight so that meant another call. One was eventually delivered, but was so dusty and unlevel that I decided that it would be wise to run some clean water through it before we used it. Just as well because the water which came through was filthy with lots of horrible black clumps in it. I also washed out the two mugs which were delivered and the one was full of white bits and something pink and sticky. We made one more 'phonecall and another coffee machine was later delivered, but the second machine was even worse than the first with three feet missing - where do they get these machines from?!! By this stage we decided to speak to the hotel manager, who had already left so we spoke the duty manager whom we invited to come to our room and see the problems for herself. She arrived armed with yet another coffee machine and mugs and apologised several times for what had happened and offered us complimentary breakfast the next day. She was actually very sweet and we felt a little sorry for her because her company was obviously letting her down. However when you are paying around 350.00 a night without breakfast included then this is not what you expect. All in all, the whole experience was not enjoyable. The rooms are very small, the bathrooms are absolutely tiny and the room maids obviously do not consider it part of their daily routine to wash up the mugs after the coffee maker has been used by guests. The air-conditioning is also exceptionally noisy and it wakes you up in the middle of the night when it bursts into action and then again when it shuts down as it sounds like someone slamming a door! Being directly on Lexington Avenue is also very noisy, even on floor 16, as the traffic is constant and so are the sirens and car horns! Believe it or not we had stayed there several times before and this was our worst experience. Had we been paying a much lower rate per night then perhaps this may have been more tolerable, but still unacceptable. I also noticed that during our six night stay that our duvet cover was not changed at all. I know that there was a sheet underneath, but surely the whole bed should have been change during this period. There were also a few other niggles during our stay, but basically the real management there need to pull their socks up and check that standards are as high as they should be for this class hotel. Before I forget, the room lighting is totally inadequate. I know it is nice to have subdued lighting for relaxing, but when you want to read a newspaper for example you do not expect to have to go into the bathroom for clarity! For 350.00 per night we would avoid this hotel like the plague!