Let me first say that I used to stay at this hotel monthly. I am a big starwoods points client and decided for this vacation after not being there a few yrs, to go back. I talked this hotel up for months to my boyfriend who was so excited and expecting a lot. I was expecting what it USED to be. I work for the govt so booked a govt rate. I sent all of my paperwork via fax ahead of time as I should not be travelling with badge if I am not working. We arrive to the hotel and the front desk associate was just plain nasty. I stood there for 15 mins while she completed a call. I was patient and excited to get upstairs and relax before heading out. I go to check in and she tells me the hotel never received my govt badge copy even tho I called 4 times to confirm. After 1 hour at the front desk, she tells me in a loud, rude voice that by Sunday at checkout I better be able to provide my badge. Hmm well considering it was in my office back in Florida, that wasn't going to happen. I instead had to sit on the phone with work for an hour trying to get a letter from Human Resources verifying info. Waste of life... She had a massive attitude and gives me our keys. We go up to our room and I just laughed. It was a TINY room facing a massive AC Unit and was a handicap room. There were cigarette burns all over the carpet. The bathroom was dirty, the wallpaper peeling off the wall and desk had dents all over it with cigarette burns. The whole room Reeeeked of smoke as well. The rates on the back of the door were wayyyy less than I paid. My boyfriends face at that point just deflated. I told him to wait, I called back down and told them in no way were staying there. 2 hrs later I was told we had 2 options.. both bad options but I opted for one. The view was better but the room was not. Cigarette burns on furniture, wallpaper peeling, the drapes all frayed, no place to put luggage, no drawers and 2 hangers. Unbelievable. 1800 for what?!!! I will NEVER stay there again. I came back and noticed on my credit card statement that the woman STILL went ahead and charged me almost double even tho I jumped thru hoops verifying my govt ID. I complained and the manager called me at work once I returned. Did anything come of it? Just a sorry. I told him word of mouth is better than a sorry. Do yourself a favor and book somewhere else!!! It was funny, we went to the lobby bar for a drink one of the nights and even the bartender said the hotel has turned old and not worth it. Can't get any worse than from their own staff.