In many respects the W New York (Lexington Ave) provided the worst hotel experience we have had in many years. Before recounting what went wrong or what is wrong with the hotel, I want to be fair with respect to the few good things that occurred during our stay. The bedding was excellent, the rooms were clean, the toweling high quality,and the staff courteous and helpful. We stayed on Starwood points and had taken a larger than normal room. for that locale. Now to the issues we encountered. 1. Our first "Mega room" (about the size of a normal hotel room elsewhere) had one tiny closet, a portion of which was filled with one of those hanging fabric shelves one buys at a closet shop. There were no chest of drawers, end table with drawers, or any other place to put things. 2. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. 3. The air conditioning was noisy. 4. After being out the entire next day, we returned after dinner. My wife opened the door and got blasted by heat. Looking at the ceiling, we saw large globules of water just waiting to drop. It was close to 105 in the room and extremely humid. When we went to see the manager, we were told that they were aware of the problem and had already moved us to another comparable room. They apologized for the inconvenience and credited us a night's stay. During the move they managed to ruin my wife's handbag (their insurance will cover) and leave her reading glasses, which we found along with some other items that were missed. 5. The new room was on a lower floor and was much noisier. 6. Additionally, we couldn't turn off the heater, which was scalding hot. The third call to maintenance got that settled. 7. We had originally asked for an upgrade to a suite but were told, none was available, so still being unhappy, the next morning we told the front desk we wished to leave the hotel and be credited for our stay. At this point, they managed to find a suite for us, which was reasonably satisfactory. 8. However, the suite's bathroom was so small that there was no room for towel bars to hang towels. They were nicely set out over a heater in the bedroom, which also could not be turned off. As a regular traveler I have encountered problems at hotels from time to time; however, here there were just too many, and the fundamental way in which a room, rack rate about $500, was outfitted just makes no sense. If one travels for an overnight with no luggage, maybe it works. Certainly, the extreme crowds in the lobby at midnight suggest it may just be a mismatch of customer and vendor. I just wish I knew if this is the "W" or simply this one example.