My wife and I stayed in the W Hotel in the end of October 2007 for a week. Where do I start ? Arrived from the airport and was allocated the wrong kind of room even though we clearly had a reciept from our online reservation with a booking number and clear details of what we had booked. We were given a " Cosy Room" by mistake which was clearly not suitable for two people, when you put two cases into the room you could not even walk around the bed to navagate going to the closet size en suite. Nowhere to store your clothes either, there was only a closet where you could hang a few things and that had no light in it and you could not see into it. Eventually got put into my reserved room after a spat at reception where it took me three phone calls to get my proper room. The splendid room is not much better, tiny bathroom, very little room to manuevre around, no storeage space for cases, small closet with no light, scruffy brown carpets with stains, generally very very poor. I found reception to be not very helpful, I got the impression that they are probably inundated with complaints about room sizes etc so its probably part of the course with them afterall its not their fault. I have regretted not taking the complaints you see on this web site at face value. I now understand that the reservations about this hotel are mostly accurate to the experience we had, and as we were in New York with other couples who stayed here aswell. It is not a case of me being over critical as they all agreed and had the same comments to make as I have highlighted. This hotel is not cheap either in fact its extreemly bad value for what you get, average holiday Inn's are cleaner, more comfortable and rooms are far superior. You must take into account room sizes in New York are not big in comparison to European Hotels, but cleanliness and layout and facilities should be a given in a Four Star Hotel which know how to charge. I would not advise any of my friends to stay here, it my have a good address and a decent bar but its a shame that you pay good money to visit such a great city to have to stay in such medicore facitities with average service.