THIS IS THE EMAIL I SENT IN REPLY TO AN EMAIL SENT TO ME TO ENQUIRE IF OUR STAY WAS FABULOUS. When I first read your email I thought you must be joking. The worst hotel experience we have ever had in the US and here we are getting an email asking for feed back! Well you asked for it. Arriving at 9pm on the 19th of January ,we made our way to reception. Expecting a warm welcome on a winters night we cheerfully with big smiles said "good evening". "Checking in " was the reply "Yes "was our reply. Stop! at this point I would like to add that I had the reservation print out in my hand and luggage and porter standing behind us. "Credit card and photo ID" was the reply "You are in room" ( sorry I forget) And that was it. No greeting or even have a nice stay. Righto we thought as we looked for the elevators , Someone has had a bad day. Then we got in the lift and after a frightening lift ride we ended up on our floor. ( you might want to check out those lifts, it felt like we were talking our lives into our hands every time we used them) The room! Well as far as 2 to 3 star hotel go it was OK. Tired , dated, and a bit grubby. I was under the impression however that it was a 4 star hotel. The air conditioner or 'the Concord' as it was affectionately named kept us awake on and off for three nights. Breakfast on day two. Interesting that of all the tables in the restaurant we were put at one in full view of the kitchen.Hmm! We and our friends who had also checked in the previous evening ordered. When my order of Eggs benedict was taken I very nicely asked that my eggs have runny yolks." They always come with runny yolks was the reply." I apologised and explained that I had bad runny yolk karma . You can only guess what happened. Yep out they come rock hard as did the other benedict order at the table. To his credit the waiter noticed me sawing into my eggs ( a slight exaggeration) insisted that the cook make some more. I protested and said it would take too long. The eggs arrived as my friends were finishing their breakfast and they were fine. We survived our three nights at the W but one last thing happened that made made us so angry we have labeled your porters / doormen beggars. We had another 5 night in New York and were going to see what the room was like at the W and maybe stay on. I think after reading my review that there was no way that was going to happen. We decided to book the Sofitel. Bags packed and a spring in our step we made it to lexington where the doorman who we had tipped on numerous occasions asked if we would like a cab. Thanks was our reply. My husband helped load the bags into the trunk of the cab opened the door to my side of the cab to get his wallet. As he was doing this he heard the doorman who thought he was done out of a tip say in a sarcastic tone " Never mind the tip Sir" You can imagine how we have dined out on that one over the past two weeks. Sorry to tell you this but our experience at the Sofitel was amazing.You should stay there. We checked in early and because of the attitude of your staff we very apologetic that we were early only to be told "nonsense we have a wonderful room waiting for you." I pulled out my passport only to be told that they were expecting us and just a credit card imprint for extras was required. They even offered us a complimentry drink in the bar. When I enquired about checking my emails i was told that there was a complimentary business center . We love you was our response. they laughed. So, you asked. My advice is for you to re brand the W before it can do any more damage to your brands. We will never return but you have a chance to exceed the expectations of other travelers. We will never ever return nor stay at any of your other brands.