We originally had planned to spend 3 nights at the Waldorf Astoria but were persuaded by the travel agents to stay at the W New York instead. Money was not an major factor. But a good, clean hotel was. We arrived at the W after carrying our own bags into reception and onwards up to our room. The staff at reception were unfriendly. Our first room was completely disgusting. Tiny, even compared to New York standards, dark, dirty and very much in need of a total renovation. The furniture was worn beyond belief. See photos for clarification. The bathroom was tiled and again the pictures will speak for themselves. This is not the way you want to spend your honeymoon. The bed had stained sheets. The list of complaints went on and on. The hallways were dark and dirty and there was a bad smell in general. The reception area had dimmed lighting and candles lighting morning, noon and night. Wonder why? Possibly to prevent guests from seeing just how bad the hotel is in need of further renovations. We went down to reception and complained about the room and its standards. We also explained we were on honeymoon - which made absolutely no difference whatsoever. We were moved to another room - which was just the same (decor wise) only bigger in size. At this stage, we rang reception again and asked to speak with the manager. She rang the room back and we explained the position. I told her that the hotel as per the website looks totally different to the reality. She said that the only floor that had been renovated so far was the 4th floor. All other floors were of the same standard we had been given. There was no apology forthcoming but it was agreed that we would be moved to the 4th floor the following day. After more problems (with the reception staff) - we were finally moved to the 4th floor late on the 2nd evening in NY. The new room was again tiny but at least it was clean and slightly more up to date decor wise. Even the bell boy commented on the difference in smells from the 10 floor to the 4th. The room on the 4th floor we had still didnt gut the mustard as far as we were concerned. So BEWARE. The hotel manager at no time followed up our complaint to see if we were ok or indeed satisfied. SO if you get the 4TH FLOOR - you should be ok. But its not worth the money you will pay. We paid $504.00 per night (without breakfast) to stay at this hotel - we feel it was total extortion. We could have stayed in the Waldorf for an extra $50/$70 per night or Fitzpatricks for under $500. The Waldorf is directly across the street from the W. I have stayed in Fitzpatricks before (no comparison to the W New York). Our major regret is that we didnt go with our own gut feeling and stick with the Waldorf. Since our trip people has told us about the Marriot in Times Square and given it a good review. We only discovered Tripadvisors after we came back - I will always use it before booking a hotel in future. If anyone is considering staying at this hotel - we strongly suggest that you reconsider your options. There are other cheaper hotels available with MUCH better rooms and facilities. We thought Lexington Ave was the place to stay - if you want to shop, shop its great but if you want to enjoy a few days, sightseeing, wining and dining like us - you might be better off somewhere like Times Square, where there are alot more restaurants to chose from & nightlife on offer. We recovered 1/2 of the hotel cost from the travel agent (as a gesture of goodwill) . Even with all that went on with the hotel - we had a blast in NY - what a brilliant city. We will definately be back again.. but will stay well clear of the W New York.