Our stay at this hotel was so awful, I frankly don't know where to begin. Each year, my partner and I host a Christmas gathering in New York City for our friends and family. This year, we chose to put everyone up at the W Hotel New York (49th & Lex). What a dreadful mistake. Quick summary: The infrastrucutre in this hotel is tired and failing. Making matters worse, management is ineffective. For those of you who don't have time to read the details that follow, I say run, don't walk, from this hotel. Tired, Failing Infrastructure: The W Hotel New York is old and failing. Three examples: 1. No more than half of the elevators in the hotel were ever in service at the same time during our stay, resulting in long waits and shoulder to shoulder crowding (the elevators in this hotel are absurdly small, at approximately 4 feet square. 2. The room key card lock system failed us during our stay no less than three times (in one instance one of our guests was locked out of his room for an entire evening as the hotel removed the door to his room, jam and all, in order to gain entry). 3. The hot water boiler had to be turned off one morning during our stay, leaving the top floors of the hotel with no hot water (ironically, a large portion of our group arrived that morning, having flown all night on red eye flights, and we had paid for their rooms beginning the evening prior specifically so that they could get in to their rooms early that morning and shower). Ineffective Management: The W Hotel New York features two "penthouse" suites on the 17th floor. My partner and I stayed in one and, to our horror, quickly discovered that the other penthouse suite (it should be noted here that both of these suites share a large, common rooftop deck seperated only by low planters) had been rented out to a major U.S. corporation as a "hospitality" suite for the Nascar race being held in New York that weekend. The result? Non stop partying next door, night after night, with people standing out on the rooftop deck smoking cigarettes and cigars until late into the night. Making matters worse, since the room next door wasn't designed to be a hospitality suite, this meant the door would lock each time it closed. To alleviate this problem, our friends next door would block the door from closing each evening by flipping the lock bar into the door jam. This resulted in the door slamming into the lock bar each time someone came or went (which was constantly throughout each night). But wait. That's not all. The bedroom of our suite shared a (thin) common wall with the service elevators on the 17th floor, which meant that each morning, after being kept up late into the night, we'd awake to the housekeeping staff coming and going (it should be noted here that this issue was pointed out to the manager on duty, who at first refused to believe me when I told him our room backed up to the service elevator -- incredible!). All of the issues I've discussed above, including the service elevator issue, were reported to hotel management. Unfortunately, management was unable to correct any of these issues. The room next door was rented, Nascar related parties were planned, and there was no turning back. The best they could do was promise to monitor the situation (which, unfortunatley, they didn't do). There are two final insults to all of this. First, in the closing days of our stay, management offered to reduce the rate on our room (I quote his words here) "by 50%, or $900.00 per night, which results in a total savings of $5,400" in consideration of the issues we faced with our neighbors throughout our stay. In response to this gesture, I told the manager that I appreciated the offer but nevertheless wanted him to understand I hadn't come to the hotel in search of cheap rooms. To the contrary, I would rather see management correct the mistakes. With this as background, imagine my surprise when we went to check out and discovered that the promised credit hadn't been put on our bill. When I inquired, this manager told me he decided not to do it because I had told him I wasn't there for "cheap rooms." When I protested, he argued with me, ultimately agreeing to credit $900 (50% of one night). As we stood to miss our flight, we didn't have time to argue further and left. Second, after spending nearly an hour checking out, we went to leave the hotel -- now running late for our flight. The bellman had stored our bags in a baggage room behind the front desk. Unfortunately, the card lock system was acting up again. We waited 15 minutes while he tried to get into that room. About the time we were ready to leave the hotel without our bags so as not to miss our flight, our bags appeared. Never again.