We had planned a trip to Disney and wound up having to switch around some dated and found ourselves without accommodations at our favorite place based off the reviews we gave this one a shot. A shot is what I felt I needed after being in this place! My first tip should have been when I called and asked about the property, they asked what type of hotel I was used staying at, and I gave them an example of another low cost facility we frequent and they were like "oh". Oh? Seems that the other place they considered a higher grade than their property "???" Ok I took the chance and when I pulled up it was weathered and needing some sprucing up but I'm trying to be positive! We get to our 1st room located on the ground floor and the smell of mold and mildew was pretty bad but hey it's Florida it might just need to be aired out (still trying to be positive) sat down and noticed the dresser had 3 drawers of one color and one different color and handle odd but hey I can deal with it. Go to the bathroom and there is mold growing in the corner that was over a half inch in height! I turned around and left my wife has to go so she is going to take a chance well there was live roaches in the tub (yeah plural) and there was some other little round looking bugs on the toilet paper. We explained the situation the front and they gave us a room on the second floor. Room #2 Looked alot better but still smelled moldy just not nearly as bad but bad enough we all started to get a headache. Oh and did I mention more bugs? The elevator smelled so strong of grease and hydraulic fluids that by the second ride down we all had a burning in the back of our throats that lasted even after we left the property. The front desk was accommodating and refunded my money when I explained about what we had found. They did not seem the least bit surprised they just were like ok not even we will look into it or whatever. Now the kicker is I find out later that my DD would not even bring in her beloved bear due the conditions of the room she was afraid of what might happen to it. Wow a kid is will stay because they have to but would not put their stuffed animal through staying there for fear of it getting hurt. If I had know this when we at room #1 I would have walked away without even asking about another room my family and their health is worth more than any good deal on a room. As a side note due to the lack of a room, I wound up visiting 17 hotels in Orlando some good some bad and will be adding reviews to some of those soon.