Having stayed at the Magic Castle aprox 4 years agao, I was looking forward to staying there with my wife, daughter and grandson. I prebooked 2 rooms before I left the U.K. in case they were full, as in the past, the rooms soon went due to the fact of it being a cheap but cheerful place to stay. We arrived at the end of April to be confronted by a Barnie purple building, what a disasterous colour, when previously it had been a pretty pink fairy type castle. We were given 2 rooms on the ground floor next door to one another, ours had an adjoining door to another room, where the smoke from there poured into ours, making sleeping a sickening experience. ( these were both non smoking rooms ) our daughter's room was located next to the elevator and she had to put up with it constanltly " dinging" and also no daylight due to the room being under the stairs. The noise of other guests during the night was unbearable, and was so bad that police were involved. We left for a quiet restful week on the Gulf coast, and then returned to the Magic Castle for the last 2 days before returning home. Thinking it couldn't be as bad as the previous stay, we had 2 more adjoining rooms on the 3rd floor, what a mistake, sound travels up!!!! the pool was in full use in the early hours of the morning of what seemed liked drunken kids ( where was the security ) Although the rooms were supposed to have all been renovated, ours certainly weren't, we were given a microwave with no available wall plug, so you had to lift it onto the dresser and unplug one of the light fittings. The bath was a disgrace with some really awfull looking stains, and the room itself was shabby. My daughters room was in the same shabby state with the TV cable socket hanging off the wall. The pool needs a complete renovation,all the concrete was patchy, cracked and dirty and the sun loungers ( all 3 of them ) needed to be put in the nearest garbage. I have always recommended The Magic Castle to friends in the past, all I can say is SORRY. We will not be going there again......EVER.