I was staying at the hotel because I was attending a legal conference being held in the convention center inside the hotel. The convention center space was very nice, and I enjoyed speaking at the conference. Unfortunately, it was nearly impossible to sleep in this hotel. The first room I started in was extremely hot and stuffy. I called the front desk and they sent a maintenance person to the room. He took a needle nose plier to the air vents wiggling each one, telling me he needed to re-direct the air. He then replaced the air filter, which did seem to increase air flow, but did nothing to cool or de-humidify the air. A few hours later, around 10pm, I called down to the front desk and asked to be moved to another room. The front desk sent up a bellman with keys to a new room. We went to the new room, and he admitted that our choices were limited because the hotel was nearly full. He conceded that the new room wasnt much cooler. I decided to gamble and make the switch. The new room was slightly cooler, but still unacceptable. I woke up the first night sweating. I was confused because during the night the room became much hotter than it was before I went to sleep. After a little internet research, at 2AM, I was able to determine this was because the thermostats are controlled by motion sensors. If there isnt enough movement, the system shuts off. Fortunately, I was able to figure out the sensor override code. If you search the interne t using the name on the control panel you should be able to find it without much effort. This at least keeps the air on, but still didnt adequately cool the room. I called the front desk the next day to complain about the room temperature again, hoping that there was something that could be done. They sent another bellman up to the room, the front desk had claimed that he could help me out. When the bellman got to the room he said this was the second room he had been to that shift which was set to 65 degrees, but was obviously much higher (I would guess at least 75 with high humidity). He started hitting the fan speed button on the thermostat, and then left it at medium. He said, there, I set it to medium, so that should cool down the room quickly. I also asked him if he knew about the over ride code, but he claimed he had never heard of it. I figured I wasnt going to get anywhere with him, both because he didnt know about the over ride and because I had long ago figured out how to adjust the fan speed. I thanked him for his time. Throughout this ordeal, I was told numerous times that this was a green hotel, so they were required to have the motion sensing thermostats. I am sure that is true, but I would imagine you can be green and still get the temperature in the room to a comfortable level. There are a number of hotels in the area and I will be checking out of this hotel and going to one of them tonight. Even if you conference is being held at the Peabody, I would recommend staying at one of the nearby properties.