I have stayed at the Peabody on average 5 times a year, typically for long weekends in Orlando and every now and again for business. The hotel usually takes care of me beautifully, however, the last two trips have been borderline at best. This last trip was meant to be a nice weekend with my son and out of town family (they stayed at Disney while my son and I stayed safely far enough away at the Peabody). The room was a newly renovated room and still smelled of fresh paint. Perfectly appointed, except for the remote that worked when it sensed it was close to being launched across the room and the TV that would intermittently lose audio for 5 seconds at a time every 10 minutes. Coincidentally, right about the time the local weather was being broadcasted. Typically, the hotel leaves a kind note and chocolate covered strawberries in the room. Not that they are on my diet, but my teenage son rather enjoys them and the touch was a thoughtful gesture. By not having them in the room when we returned late from dinner and my turn down service request ignored, I see this as an indicator that the level of service is not quite being the same as in the past years. The valet was completely understaffed and even with a call ahead 10 to 15 minutes prior, they always seemd to take an additional 5 minutes to bring the car around. The final "F" on this experience has to do with their lack of total customer service. My son had left an important item accidentally in the room. When it was noticed (within 24 hours of our departure), I promptly called the hotel and was hung up on and transferred around until I finally was connected with someone in "Lost and Found". This gentleman assured me that the item would be returned, but would need a credit card to pay for the shipping. As if I hadn't paid enough all ready for "services", but not being one to quibble, I provided my credit card information and was told that it would be sent out by the business office, Fedex ground, that day. I live 3 hours from Orlando, it would have arrived to me in 2 days at the most if it was sent out within reason from the day I called into the hotel. Over a week later, and after going through the same rounds of calling in, being hung up on, and transferred I finally have a tracking number that shows it really takes over a week to ship something 3 hours south. I should have just gone back and picked it up myself. If you are used to or are looking for an exceptional experience, this hotel would no longer be my first choice. If you are looking for a nameless, faceless experience with a bar in the lobby, there are plenty of other properties in Orlando that can cater to those specifications.