I am an elite member of almost every frequent stay program and travel about 200 nights per year. I can honestly say this is one of the WORST hotel stays I have ever had, The once fantastic Peabody Orlando has gone to hell. Its a shame really - because in its day it used to be one of the best. 2008 is a different story for the Peabody. The 20 something year old hotel is showing its age. The rooms are dated, my faucet leaked, the carpet was frayed and torn, the wallpaper in the bathroom was stained , the grout in the tub is dark and moldy. The place needs some major remodeling and attention to bring it back to the standards they claim. Upon check in I was checked in to room 2147. Within 1 minute of entering the room. I went to use the bathroom. When I raised the lid. There was dried urine and fecal matter all over the seat. Looked like it had been there for over a day. It was disgusting. When I called downstairs to complain. The front desk manager was very arrogant about it and did not handle the situation with any class. She was so bold as to suggest that maybe I had done it. I was appalled !!! They finally changed me over to 2145 (next door and same housekeeper). They made me wait over 20 min for the new keys. It was not a pleasant experience. I went to use there spa facility. It is dated, tired, rundown, dirty, and also in need of attention. The shared Jacuzzi looks like it was installed in 1980 and has been painted so many times there are 2 inches in layers of paint. The tiles are cracked, moldy. stained, and in now way does this resemble the spa facility of a 4 star hotel. Furthermore about 30 min before closing. The employee on duty went inside the shower area, undressed, and showered in the guest area. This looks terrible and should not be allowed. I had lunch at the dinner. While the food I have to say was excellent. The facility is crying for help. It looks like a retro space age dinner that got stuck in 1983 in a time capsule and was never let out. The place is greasy. dirty. outdated, the blinds next to the window where my booth was where dusty and greasy. It needs to be torn down and redone. Even the menu I was handed was old, battered, and greasy to the touch ! But the worst part of the stay. Is the Valet service. The hotel is building a new tower right next door. (This is probably why they are investing "0" dollars into making the current tower nice for guests) The parking garage is torn down and gone. The only option for parking during the construction is valet. The charge is one of the highest in all of Orlando. Furthermore the wait times are INCREDIBLE. On the evening of May 24th. I waited 2 Hours and 28 Minutes for my car to come around. I missed my dinner show and lost the non refundable tickets. I was not the only person in this situation, It was so out of control. That guests called in the Orange County Police Dept for help. Out of desperation that the hotel was not bringing them there car. Hotel management handled the situation in a horrible manner. They ruined many peoples evenings and vacation. They showed a complete lack of respect for guests and in my thousands of nights in hotel room stays. Can tell you I have never seen this situation in a hotel ever. There where hundreds of people stranded without there vehicles because the Peabody Orlando refused to bring them there cars. I am a diabetic patient. I explained them that if they could not bring my vehicle. Could I at least walk to it, or have someone go to it to get my medication. The staff and management at the Peabody Orlando REFUSED to honor my request and made me wait 2 hours and 28 minutes to gain access to my vehicle and medication. The next morning. I waited again over 45 min for my vehicle to be delivered to me. The car was delivered full of mud and grime all over the carpets and exterior of the car. The vehicles are parked in a mud swamp. The hotel provides no mats or any safeguard to keep the cars clean. I will now have to pay to get my car detailed when I leave here and shampoo the carpets. I can see the swamp where the cars are from my window and its very muddy and dirty. After endless complaining. All I got was a valet refund and false promises that this would never happen again. That for the rest of my stay the car would remain on the ramp for my convenience. The truth is that never happened and the hotel, its staff, and management not once EVER kept any of there false promises to me. Furthermore I never received an "Im sorry" or "I apologize" from anyone here. Except one of the mangers "Ms. Tara Tate" whom I have to say was very polite and professional. But in the spirit of the Peabody Orlando, was full of lies and false promises. The actions of this hotel are shamefull. In some cases Ilegal (denying a guest with a chronic disease access to his medication for over 2 hours), and a disgrace to the Orlando hospitality industry. All I can do is hope that other guests will read this and re consider ever staying at this hotel. Specially if you plan to use your car. Id wait till after 2010 when the new tower is supposed to be ready. Maybe then they will care about there guests and the service. But for now. This is just another Holiday Inn with a fancy lobby and ducks.