We stayed at the Peabody Orlando for 1 night, Saturday, October 14th, 2006. We were looking forward to our stay at a hotel that claims to be 4.5 stars. Our stay was more like a 2 star experience, at best. I called several days in advance to confirm our reservation and to request a king bed. When we got to our assigned room after check in we found double beds. The room was shabby with moldy grout in the bathroom, hairs all over the place and peeling wallpaper. We couldnt get the mini-bar door to open. The room was extremely hot  the ac wasnt on. We went down to the pool to use the hot tub and were very disappointed in the quality of the jets  there were hardly any and the few jets the hot tub has are extremely weak. We were upset to find out that the gym area charges guests by the day. I didnt find mention of this on the Peabody website. Dinner at the Bi-Line diner was horrible  the food (burgers and fries) is very poor quality and extremely overpriced. We went to our room to take a nap at 9 PM before heading out to a midnight movie showing. As soon as we dozed off a dog started barking and howling from the room next door. A dog! Peabody does not accept pets, yet there was a dog disturbing us. We called security who came up and pounded on the door, causing the dog to bark more while the front desk repeatedly tried to reach the room by phone. This meant we had to listen to pounding, a dog and a ringing phone from next door. The security guard asked if we would like to be moved to a different room. We said yes. It took the on duty manager, Elliot, 40 minutes and 2 phone calls from me to get us a new room. Extremely little apology was offered. We were moved from 1033 to 1069. We should have been given a free upgrade or discount or something for our trouble, but we just received a room in even shabbier condition than the first. This room had a dead lizard on the floor and the TV in the bathroom didnt work. We didnt bother complaining about the new room, as it was time to get ready to go out and we didnt think complaining would accomplish anything. No one seemed to care about our comfort. Our whole evening was ruined. Peabody is not a 4 star. Quality and customer service is severely lacking.