We stayed at the Staybridge Lake Beuna Vista arriving on July 13th 2005. The place looks like it has not been cleaned or updated in years they claim renovation in 2005 but no way is that so (This claim has more to do with the staybridge on international drive which by the way some eager trip advisor commentators have mixed up with when writing there positive posts about the staybridge Lake Beuna Vista.) full house keeping is by request otherwise minimal clean up is done. The two bedrooms are a drop better then the one bedroom suites in terms of cleanliness but their only real feature is the fact that you get two bedrooms. The mattress had no support whatsoever (a problem which is hotel wide as we were offered to switch rooms) and the pull out sofa bed had springs sticking out. The bathroom and refrigerator were dirty (old disgusting stains) and the air conditionaing vents were full of dirt. Additionally while not a big deal but for the money you expect much better all the kitchen cabinets were chipped . There are NO ELEVATORS and the hotel is THREE FLIGHTS! The fact that there are no elevators is really not a well known fact. Afterarriving from the airport with your things or coming back to the hotel with a bunch of kids after a long day in the theme parks you are not interested in having to climb a bunch of steps. Currently there is also a discrepancy in the hotel ratings some websites list the hotel as 3 star while some list it a 2 - 2 1/2 star which it truly is dont get fooled! The only positive about this hotel that I can think of is that it is near disney parks and shopping areas. As there is no shortage of hotels suited for a family trip in the orlando area you are much better off spending your money elsewhere for the price the Staybridge charges. P.S. if you are thinking of staying at the staybridge international drive beware that while it is more updated then Lake Beuna vista it is more of a motel then hotel and the bedrooms have a queen bed as opposed to a king.