My husband and I live in Scottsdale, our social group decided to attend an event downtown. A friend showed us several news paper articles about the huge $$ remodel at the Hotel San Carlos. She got us an excellent group rate.We all were excited for the event and not having to drive home. We walked into the antiquated lobby and I almost turned around, it's clean but poorly decorated. My husband suggested that maybe they simply hadn't gotten to this area and to have patients. He sounded like the voice of reason, so I acquiest. The ladies room in the lobby looks like something in a Russian nightmare, I was told by the truly lovely woman at the front desk that this was newly remodeled. Go see for yourself, but be prepared you may want to vomit! The thread-bare carpet and rotting moldings in the hallway should have sounded an alarm to prepare me for the atrocities to come, but I was completely unprepared for this hotel 'suit'!! The furniture looked like early pioneer meets the '70's and the bathroom was more than hideous, including the nasty rusty old tub. Please do not stay here, even if it were gifted, it wasn't worth the ensuing trauma, The next morning at breakfast, our friend was mortified, it was difficult to comfort her as we all felt the same. I felt horrible for her as she had planned this celebration for some time. (oh yeah, the decor in the dining room, truly frightening) But we did manage a good laugh. We all left and where thrilled to shower and scrub ourselves in our own homes. This unfortunate time has since become a very private joke! We (our group) consider ourselves well traveled, broad minded and enjoy a variety of experiences, but this was to much. I/we all have empathy for the homeless and there plights but why they allowed a stinky homeless guy in the lobby claiming to be the owner, I can't say. I guess that explains the lateness of this review, just to difficult to revisit. It does make me wonder if and who they paid for these erroneous press releases??