Let me preface this review by telling you I am a world traveler. Two months haven't gone by for years where I haven't gone somewhere for a weekend or more. I have written a few good reviews over the years, but I have NEVER written a scathing review as I am usually pretty tolerant of rules, but the rules here are inconsistent and silly. Let me also say I work in Law Enforcement, so I am not normally a rule breaker kind of person, and rules don't normally bother me, but if you can't be consistent then don't have them. Words can't describe how unpleasant this 3 day vacation was. Let's start with check-in. I was greeted at the desk by Anthony. Since it was 3 PM I was able to check in, but I was told instead of the room I booked which was to have two double beds and a pull out couch, they had a room with a king and a pull out couch. This didn't really work for me since I had my 3 teenagers, but I thought no big deal we will just get a rollaway. I was told by Anthony the resort doesn't have rollaways. I told him that wouldn't work because none of us wanted to go on vacation and sleep on the floor. Instead of apologizing he condescendingly said, "Well, that's what you booked." I corrected him because my original booking I had requested a king as one of the teenagers wasn't going. However, two weeks prior I called the resort itself and changed it. Nonetheless I was informed I was stuck. Even though it would be expensive I requested to pay for an additional room, so there wouldn't be an argument over who was a floor sleeper, but they were sold out. Anthony told me I could get an additional room the following day. Finally, the one positive I have is the golf cart operators were wonderful and we tipped them handsomely as anyone who gives good customer service should get. Once I was through with the check-in process he handed me a small map. I asked him where my room was located and rather than point it out on the map he told me to go out front and ask the bellmen. I informed him my family wasn't out front, so I wasn't going that way and would he please tell me where the M building is. He once again replied that the bellmen were more familiar with the resort and they could help me. (It was 114 degrees and I wasn't going that way, so I wasn't too keen on this idea. Personally, I believe it is a ploy to get you to go outside where they would give you directions and then you have to tip them for it). I asked Anthony point blank, "Do you personally know where the M building is?" He once again directed me out front. Not wanting this young man to get my blood pressure up any higher I walked out front to ask the proverbial question of the bellman. However, I looked to the right as I exited the lobby door and WOW, there was the ever so hard to find M building. When we arrived at the door to our room, I noticed ants all over the outside of the doorway. This will come in to play later. We immediately went to the waterpark and had a good time. The lifeguards constantly told people to not enter the lazy river unless they were on the steps and not to jump in the tubes. This will also come into play later. My son and I went to the gym. It was a large facility for a hotel. The treadmills were a bit antiquated, but adequate nonthess and there was lots of other equipment to choose from. We ate dinner the first night at the Rustlers Roost on the property. Quite possibly one of the worst meals I have eaten in years. Virtually everthing on the menu is $20.00. Pretty standard for a steak, but my Fiance ordered a top sirloin that I kid you not we could barely cut in to. When he took a bite (he is a meat lover from the south) it was so chewy he couldn't even swallow. In 7 years I have never seen him turn away a steak. IN any case I have no problem paying $20 for a meal, but when you add 3 teenagers into the mix and the food is horrible, you don't generally feel good about spending over $100.00 for a horrible meal. Nobody at the table finished their meal, it was that bad. On the second day about midway through the day I went to go down one of the waterslides for about the tenth time when the girl working it said I had to take my necklace off. Considering I went down the slides the entire first day and numerous hours this day, this was a surprise to me. Not feeling comfortable holding a chain in my hand with a diamond on it while going down a gushing waterslide I told her now that I knew the rule I would not come up again with my necklace on gain, but I didn't want to lose it by taking it off. I was told I couldn't go down unless I took it off. So, I took it off. Funny thing is after telling me no jewelry on the slide, she let me go down with my rings on, my earrings and my watch on. Go figure. At the end of the day at the waterpark two of the lifeguards who had been around the lazy river all day were given a break. What is the first thing they did? You guessed it they JUMPED into the lazy river through the tubes AND they entered into the river in an area not designated for entry. They then rode down the river next to me splashing each other and flirting. Both of these individuals I had heard numerous times throughout the day yelling at various people they could only enter the pool from the stairs. I noticed there were no kids meals on the pool menu (not that my kids would eat them, but I don't think I have ever seen a resort not have kids meals). When I inquired, I was told they only offer kids meals on the weekends. So, if you have young kids watch out you will be paying full price for a meal your kid will never finish. We ordered room service and tipped the delivery person handsomely, only to discover they brought the wrong pizza and pasta. We were so hungry and it had taken 1 1/2 hours to deliver that I felt we couldn't turn it back. Besides, he had zipped out of the room before we could even check the meal. On day two after being in the river all day, we went to go check into the extra room. I made sure to steer clear of Anthony. Being in my bathing suit and cover-up I didn't have my wallet with me. I was told I couldn't check in without a credit card. Normally, this would make all the sense in the world, except they already had my credit card on file. Once again not good enough, that would be breaking the rules. My man gave them his crecit card. We travlel a lot and share expenses, but it had already been discussed previously that I would pay for this trip. Not wanting him to foot the bill I asked the clerk if I could pay for both rooms in the end on mine and he assured me that would be find. Okay this is long an drawn out, but the last item is that my kids woke up in the middle of the night to find the floor, nightstand and bedroom they were in COVERED in ANTS! This was the original room we checked into that had ants around the door they never did anything about. Additionally, this wasn't the room we had the room service delivered to, so it wasn't a matter of the ants trying to come in for food left around. When I went to check out I was lucky enough that there were only two clerks and one of them was Anthony. I told Anthony about the horrendous ant problem and he said, "Thank you for informing us." Not, would you like to speak to a manager, would you like a free drink coupon, here is 50 cents for your trouble. He didn't say a word, just kept his fake smile on and continued the check out process. Not wanting to lose my composure I let the horrendous ant issue go. I told him although we had originally put a different credit card on the second room, I wanted to pay with min. I then handed said credit card to him. It shouldn't have shocked me, but the second room was charged to my fiance. Oh, one other thing. On the second day my teenage son and I went to the gym in the morning. Keith or Kevin (can't remember his exact name) greeted my son and asked him how old he is. My son is a few months shy of 16 which is the gym age, so he was informed he couldn't go in. I told the clerk that he had already used the gym. I also said I completely understand why they have an age rule as they don't want a bunch of teenagers running around or using the equipment incorrectly or possibly breaking it, but my son is in football and he is required to lift every day. I also informed him I would stand next to him and watch him forgoing my workout if I had to and that he was a mature young man. Nope, Kevin or Keith siad no way. I know this may shock people by now, but knowing how inconsistent the rules are enforced at the resort, my son went later that day and wasn't asked his age. He was able to go twice more without the RULE being enforced. I plan on sending this review to the General Manager of the hotel I will supplement the review with what response if any I get from him/her.