Worst Experience Ever We had our stay at the Temple Lodge booked for us through Lorraine and Jon Nield at Bali Retreats. When it came time for us to visit Bali, we obviously contacted Bali Retreats directly for more information.To start, Bali Retreats was the most disorganized, unprofessional travel agency we had ever worked with. They were VERY slow to reply, unhelpful, and at times downright rude. This must be run out of a home in Australia by a couple that just had an interest in the field - they were usually unreachable, always unhelpful, and just plain peculiar. If you do choose to work with them, Lorraine is by far more courteous than Jon. I would go through 4-5 e-mails over a week before I heard back a curt reply from him (happened twice!).But, this review is mostly about the Temple Lodge. It is a beautiful hostel in a a beautiful setting. Now, here are the problems:1) We were told we would be picked up at the airport, but their driver had found a friend to pick us up and his friend was 2 hours late... while we waited at the airport being told by phone that he'd be right there.2) The rooms were dirty3) There was no way in or out of the hostel- taxi drivers didn't know it... and if you ask for a taxi to pick you up, you take your chances. We asked Mario, the owner, for a taxi at 9 PM and he said he didn't know whether it could be done.4) No water pressure, minimal hot water and none in the evening.5) Mites. Yes, we came back one night to a cat in our bed and about 200 ear mites scratched out onto our pillow and sheets (about a 3 foot area). No, there isn't a front desk or an evening maid. No, there wasn't anyone but us to try to take care of it. No, there wasn't clean linen available.6) Very scary owners. Mario got really angry when we suggested that our bed had been dirtied by the cat the night before and we wanted clean sheets. Really. He started yelling at my 5'1 wife. When we picked up our luggage to literally run out of the resort... yes, he chased her! He screamed expletives and physically threatened her. Maybe it's a cultural thing, but I've never seen anyone act like this!So, not a good experience all around from Bali Retreats or Temple Lodge in Bali. The view is great, but there are lots of views in that area for half the price that are *safe* and *clean*. The Temple Lodge is neither.