We have stayed here several times before and thought it was a lovely, romantic experience. Not so this time. We live in SD and after 2 days of beautiful sunshine we headed down to CP for our Christmas Gift....When we got there and checked in..we discovered the end of the pier was closed, 20 feet beyond our cabin, a disappointment because it is lovely to walk at night.... "How odd" we thought, but left our suitcase behind and went to dinner. We returned after 8PM, when the office closes. By 10PM our unit was rocking and rolling...as there was apparently an extreme high surf event, that we had no idea was going on. It was frightening as every wave that crashed, rattled everything in the cottage, the mirror on the wall bouncing, clothes in the closets swinging back and forth, more or less a non stop earthquake....we had stayed here before, twice, and lived in SD 30 years....we knew this was NOT normal! A search for an emergency number yielded a number to call only if "mechanical emergency" (not our case) or 911 but not a manager ....we were up all night and at 5PM the SD NEWS reported that "all piers" in SD were close due to structural concerns..we meanwhile were paying $300 to stay 20 ft from the blocked off area. We gathered our things and left to Denny's where we waited till 8AM for the manager, When we reported that we had left due to fear and reports on the TV that all piers in SD had been officially closed by the city...and were considered unstable. The manager scoffed that they had been hit by 25 foot waves and the pier had not gone down, and these were only 16...we were refunded the next night's stay but they would not refund for the sleepless night and having to leave for our own safety, when no one could be reached. We were told it was our responsibility to know what the surf hieght was going to be, not their's, they after all did not control the weather ...so now you know...the weather (outside of the high surf) was perfect, we had no way of knowing of this problem.....shame on the Crystal Pier.! If they are closed by the city, they should have had the courtesy to warn the customers & refund the money to those who are not brave enough to stay out on the pier in defiance of the city order. Amazingly we were never told a thing by the mangement, we watched it on TV when we were wide awake at 5AM...and I should mention, that by 5AM everytime a wave hit, the lights flickered and went out, adding to the fear that something was amiss! We don't have $300 to waste on this kind of thing and tell ourselves we are having a good time!