Made my reservation through the hotel directly. Was told my room would be a Jr. Suite with two beds and a sofa sleeper, w/best view available. The hotel employee encouraged me to upgrade to this suite, over a standard 2 queen, to make our stay here more enjoyable, with the extra space & bed. It had an extra cost of $75 but after speaking w/him agreed to additional charge. We were very excited, as we had not stayed at this hotel in the past 5 years, but before this time had stayed many times and had been very pleased. Upon arrival we were given the Jr. Suite which seemed to be a standard room with 2 queen beds. I went to the front desk, and asked about the sofa sleeper, and explained this was the reason I had upgraded to the Suite over the standard queen. They told me there must have been some mistake. They offered a larger suite, which had a sofa sleeper, with no view to compensate. I told them the reason for our stay was for the view. They then stated they had a comfortable Aero bed which had an additional $20 charge, which they were willing to comp for the misunderstanding. We received the bed, which was a little twin blow up mattress, which rested directly on the floor. After we had settled into our room, we began to hear hammering and pounding from the room below our room. We called the front desk to ask about this. They informed us the room below us was under construction, and was being re-carpeted. We asked how long the pounding would continue and we were informed it would be another hour. The hammering and pounding continued all afternoon. We had to leave the room because the noise was so loud. When we returned to the room, and went to sleep, the blow up bed I was sleeping on had a hole in it, and I slept the entire night on the floor. In the morning, we went to get a towel from the pool area to take to the beach. The security guard yelled at us, and treated us like we were criminals-he wanted to know how we got into the pool area. I explained I had used my key. The guy seriously needs to learn some customer service skills. I went to the front desk, and spoke to the same lady I had been speaking to all along, blonde with glasses. She had a great big smile, and tried to pacify me with it. She wanted to make things right for all of our hassle. She told me that we could stay another night at no charge. I asked her which room we would be able to stay in. She told me we could not stay in our same room, because it was booked. She had someone show me a room they could offer us. The room was a large room, w/NO VIEW... the view was of a hotel next to ours. Upon returning to the front desk, we told her it would not work for what we had paid to stay, she said there was another room with an excellent view that might be available, and that we should go and do our daily activities, and then she would call us when she knew if it would be available. After waiting 1 hr, we had not heard back, so we went to have breakfast. Again HUGE disappointment it is not what it used to be. We returned to the front desk, and asked her what were the plans. She still did not know. By this time, it is 10:30am, and we need to know if we need to pack up our stuff and check out, or move to another room. We asked to see the room, but she refused to show it to us. We told her we could not make a decision, until we were able to see what kind of a room they were willing to offer. She said she was not able to show it to us, but encouraged us to just "take the offer". We then went to the 2nd floor, where the room was that they were offering, and saw the door open, and asked the maintenance staff who were working on the room if we could take a peek. There was no view, except for a view of the parking lot and public beach bathrooms. Once we saw the view, we understood why she refused to show us the room. We then called the front desk, and told them we would be checking out, and we wanted a discount on our room for all of the issues we had experienced. Upon checkout she had a smile on her face, but her body language showed our issues were a serious inconvenience for her.