I loved this hotel the first time we went early in 2008. What a difference a year and 4 months makes. The PT was #1 ranked back then. Now, it's dropped to a 5 or so. I still went hoping all was well. When we arrived check-in was fine and fluid. No qualms. We had a so-so rate for the weekend and an ocean view suite. We anticipated the whole pool experience in the car going down from LA. When we got down there we were met by a half dozen youngish thugs with stretched ear lobe rings, full body tats and a few had that glazed look of "where am I?" on their faces. There were all guys except one girl who was in a bathing suit that was 3 sizes too small for her body. Not pretty for the family scene. They began to smoke and carry on. It's all good, believe me. I was a punk once too. But not for $400 thanks. The concierge and my wife had a mis communication about dinner reservations but it was finally worked out. We went to the trendy JRDN at the Tower 23 hotel a few blocks away. The babysitter that the hotel arranged was great btw. JRDN started off with a thud. There's lots to write here but I will leave it to Urbanspoon. Look for my review there. Just prepare yourself for lots of trendy but no substance. We inquired about the change in guest profile and were told they would "ask them to calm down" if need be. Ya.... no thanks. I don't need to be shot in the garage. These guys were about 5 or 6 to a room btw. I know that was not on the rules list. The free hot breakfast has been changed to a $7.50 hot breakfast with lots of $2.00 add ons. We opted for the free continental. It was fine. The supposed Starbucks coffee was weak. Go down the beach a bit and have a better coffee (and probably breakfast) at Konos. The beach here is not fluffy white but that is ok. If you are looking for Hawaii, San Diego ain't it. But all in all the hotel's location is prime. In fact, if they didn't have the location, they'd probably be out of business at this point. Upon check out the concierge (Katherine?) was very helpful and offered to do anything to make all the woes go away. She gave me free parking ($20) which I didn't ask for. It's funny. They always think it's about the money. It's not. Get rid of the party at the pool and I would have paid $500. The sad part was that she was so earnest in her effort to help, the other "customer service" agents at the desk (Matt and another gal) were making fun of her while I was being helped. Get a plan for a new job guys. You won't be here much longer but I'm sure the concierge will find a great job.