Never stay at Becks I just checked out of Becks today after a stay of four days. I have never posted a comment before about anywhere I have stayed but I feel I needed to take the time to let others know about how horrible the staff was. Those who are familiar with San Francisco would know Union Square this is where I always stay at the Parc Fifty Five. I am in SF at least 4 times a year. I booked the trip I am speaking of less than 24 hours before leaving. I was just going up for the gay bars this weekend. So I thought I would stay at Becks for the location and the Motel has always had many gay people there. It has probably been there fifty years and has been known that is where gay people stay. To give you my review of the motel I would say I was not expecting much it is just a Motel. But of course one expects to be treated kindly. Lulu should not be working as a Motel Manager she needs to learn alot about customer service. What happened was I checked out of my room today at 12:30 PM. I left my luggage at their check in and I went to lunch. My ride to the airport was at 3:45. So at 3:30 I came back to the Motel and told Lulu I wanted to say goodbye to a friend I had made there. I aksed could you please ring the gate open. By the way the gates were just installed less than 2 weeks ago. For decades you could just walk upstairs and knock on anyones door. Lulu refused to let me in. I only had 15 minutes until my ride and just wanted to say goodbye to my friend. I knew his room and I could point to it from her office. She said she cannot give out a room number. Mind you I also did not just come in off the streets, I was a guest there only two hours ago. Lulu then asked what is his name and I said Bobby. She said there is no Bobby here. She said what is his last name. Of course I did not even know I met him two days ago and went clothes shopping and to had a drink with him. I said do you just want me to call his name from downstairs, he would hear that because it is not a large place. Of course you said you could not do that and I would not have anyways, it would be silly. My point here is she had every opportunity to help me say goodbye to friend that I made. I said come with me, let someone else go with me. I said Lulu could call him etc etc..... She said she was too busy and could not do that. She said this conversation is over. I could not believe this. She works in the Hospitality Industry. I told her she was very rude and left it at that. A few minutes later she said we have a Robert here, I said in English Robert and Bobby are the same. She then said he checked out allready. She was lying to me he was not leaving and his curtains were shut in his room. When you check into your room the curtains are open.   I should have knocked on my friends door before I took my bags downstairs. But when the time was 11:45 the maid was banging on the door and calling on the phone to tell me it is my check out time. I called the front desk asked if I could have a little later checkout. It is Tuesday not busy there. She said you could have until 12:45 otherwise they would be charging a half day. The maid came back and said she goes home at 1. The entire staff in not truthful. My room was never cleaned until after 3 everyday when I was there. I know I have said alot but I do think it is important. I am a avid traveler and when I am with my Parents I stay in rooms that are more than a 1,000 a night. People who work at the higher paying establishments do everything to make a guest happy. My point I am making here is that it should not matter how much you are paying. The people at Becks are in the hospitlity industry and should want to make there guest happy. This experiance would never happen in Italy. They would never let you leave without saying goodbye to a friend.  One more reason I would not stay there is the motel has many drug people there. I do not do drugs and I have never seen so many that do.