We checked into the Hotel Diva after a great stay in Napa. I decided that we would spend a day in San Francisco to see the city, since I had never been. From the website the Diva seemed like a good choice for a place to come back to after a day in the city. It's in a great location close to all the shops. I had booked directly from the hotel's site and at the same time signed up for Personality Perks. That's their frequent guest card that allows for special "perks" during your stay. One of the perks being a free room upgrade, upon availability. Well when we got to our room it was a box. I must say that it was very clean, but the pictures on the site are very misleading. There was barely enough room for two people to walk around. The king bed took up 80% of the room. There was a view of a brick wall, and a tiny bathroom. Only one person could stand in it at a time. The only perk I noticed was the free Wi-fi. Which would come in handy later. I knew that this could not have been an upgraded room!! I mean how much smaller could they get. So I went down to the front desk and asked about an upgrade due to my membership in this "perk " program. Romy was the attendants name. He stated that I should have gotten a card and there is no record of me in the system. I offered to show him a confirmation email, stating I had in fact signed up. But he said it was o.k, and he had to go and check with the corporate office. Conveniently, they were located just behind him in an office around the corner. I mentioned that we were only there for a day and wanted to get a jump on things. He said he would take care of it ASAP. So I went upstairs to my room and waited 20 minutes. That's when I opened my laptop and started to look for other hotels in the area because ASAP is not 20-30 minutes later!! In fact I was never called back about the upgrade. I was very upset and decided to checkout. I mentioned how I had waited to find out about the room upgrade and some of the other perks that I was supposed to receive upon check-in. Never heard back from that guy. Actually, there were now two new guys there who checked us out and said we would be refunded the full amount. All they asked was "is this your first time here?" You would think they would try to rectify the situation at that point. I was much happier spending my money at the Westin down the street. I tried to give the Hotel Diva a chance but they were very unresponsive especially to a first time guest. I will probably never stay at any of their hotels again.