Clift Hotel--Roach Hotel?? I just returned from the worst hotel experience of my life. I had booked through hotels.com and requested a 2 double bed suite. When we got there, they said that they did not have our room for us, but they did have a king size bed. That was not going to work for the 5 of us. They then took an hour trying to figure out what they could do for us, at 12 in the morning tired from traveling all day. They finally said they had to down grade our room to a regular room with 2 double beds. When we got to our room, there was a frikking cockroach the size of my thumb running around. I captured it under the trashcan and put a water bottle on top to hold it in. The maid never cleaned it and charged us 15 for the water. ( maybe they didn't see it??) The room itself was ok, but the tv is about a 27 inch tube tv. So tiny for the size of the room, although we weren't really there for tv. The next morning we went to the restaurant for breakfast and the prices were ridiculous. 20 dollars for a waffle, 5 dollars for coffee, 7 dollars for Oj, and 35 for a buffet so crappy its like a buffet you would get at any other hotel for free. Our waiter never got us coffee refills, even though we asked him 3 times. Breakfast for 5 people cost about 200 dollars. Then in the evening, we went to the ridiculously pretentious bar. They made me take off my bachlorette party gear because They have a dress code. We then sat down got our drinks and asked them to take our picture. The waitress basically said no to us so a guy (in a visor, shorts and a t-shirt ----what dress code???) took our picture. The waitress never came back to check on us or ask us if we wanted any more drinks or anything. We left without leaving a tip. Now, I will say after all this, we were comped very well. After the downgrade, they gave us a 200 some dollar refund, 160 for breakfast, and the free round of drinks in the evening. When they found out about the cockroach, they comped us the 2 nights of parking there (115 dollars). The comps sort of made up for the bad stay, but I would never recommend anyone ever stay there.