Worst hotel experience ever! I have stayed at a number of Shraeger properties around the world, this really was the worst. The lobby is quintessentially Shraeger - very dark but overall not bad. I am assuming that the dark lobby essentially masks the dirt that is everywhere else. The room I got was supposed to be a suite - really more like a larger room with a miniscule bathroom.The room was quite simply, dirty. The room was DIRTY - there was a used condom under the bed and there was a used plaster in the toilet. The carpets were dirty and worn. One simply does not expect this sort of dirt in a supposedly good hotel.The furniture is from IKEA. For a hotel that is supposedly selling itself on design, this looked like a poster-child for how to furnish your room from IKEA in poor taste.The bathroom was tiny, stained and had cheap fixtures and a rusty rail. The shampoo etc in the bathroom were FUSED shut so you could not use them. Luckily we had some personal toilletries. The thing that irked me the most was that there was no water in room. Most good hotels have at least some complimentary water, if not water in the minibar. I have stayed very recently at the Clift and KNOW that you provide complimentary water on arrival - but this time round there was no water. There was no water in the minibar either. Had to call room service and then got CHARGED $15 for a bottle of WATER which costs $1.50 anywhere else. This was DAYLIGHT ROBBERY but as we had got to the hotel late, we were too tired. We told the front desk the next day and got a nonchalant and haughty reply from the front desk - and they claimed that they NEVER provide any complimentary water in the room and did not apologise for the fact that there was no water in the minibar - they did not even offer to take the water off the bill or at least reduce the price to what it would have been to buy it from the minibar. I think the barefaced lies and treatment after this was what irked me the most.The residents next door came back at 2 in the morning, shouting and singing. When we called downstairs, nothing was done to stop our drunk and disorderly neighbours from being a nuisance. Lastly, the front desk staff I spoke to about the water was just RUDE. I know the MOndrian group is about the cool, snobby attitude but that does not amount to customer service. The staff are more interested in whether they have enough hair gel and in chatting to each other than serving the customer. I have stayed at a number of Shraeger properties and have decided finally that for the price one pays, the design does not compensate for what are essentially low quality, poorly-serviced rooms with cheap bathroom fittings, toilletries and electronics (e.g. I don't know any other chain that still has box TVs - they are all flat screen except at the Clift which seems to have a bunch of TVs from the 80s).I never give feedback - but this stay was of SUCH low quality that I thought I would let others know. I plan to send this to journalist friends I have at Conde Nast and The Times in the UK. If the clientele the Clift is trying to attract are low-class drunks with no taste, then I suppose, in that context at least, they are doing a good job.