rude wannabees!!! Don't waste your time going to the Cliff Hotel! We went there during our anniversary and walked out in disbelief! Filled with too many wannabes, which will actually make you laugh. The staff, customers, everyone who was there...thought they were someone special. Try walking amongst the crowd, and they all stand there stiff and give you the hardest time to scoot through.Then the shocker...we wanted to take photos of the Red Room (the bar area) and the hostess told my husband that we cannot take any photos. He asked why and the hostess said to respect our celebrity guests. Although, she told us that we could take pictures of each other. So guess what...that's exactly what we did. My husband said to me All right, you go stand over there and I'll take a photo of you. Then, we switched places AND LENS (ha) and I took photos of him. The hostess, obviously a little upset that we were able to get around their stupid rule of NO PHOTOS, got on the phone to say something to either a manager or who knows. After taking photos, my husband then asked the hostess what celebrity is here that you're trying to respect their privacy? The honest responded no one. Then, my husband responded well if you think we are eager in taking photos of your wannabe customers, please... We then started to walk out to finish our overpriced drinks in the lobby. I was done with my drink, he had a few sips left in his. Low and behold, we were approached by a staff member saying you CANNOT have your drinks out here in the lobby! My quick response Uh, they are empty. My husband's response Yeah they are empty, what do you want us to do carry them back for you? Ha, she didn't like that response very much.My husband and I are from Dallas, we see way more celebrities, much better boutique hotels and top notch customers who truly ARE someone. You can even finish your drinks in the hotel lobby if you'd like. So, don't waste your time going to the Wannabe Hotel...a.k.a. The Cliff. You'll be standing there looking around at all the customers and asking yourself why they are dressed they way they are (fashion gone really really bad). Then, you will be waiting for Ashton Kutcher to walk out and say okay you've been punked, as this hotel scene is one big joke! But do remember how to get around taking photos at this stupid place that won't let you. Straight from the hostess mouth:TAKE PHOTOS OF YOURSELVES!your welcome!