Horrible Experience, Rude Staff, Not at ALL worth it.... This was my first experience using travelocity and decided to take a chance and book a little getaway for the Labor Day weekend. Since I used to live in SF and travel their quite frequently for work, I am quite familiar with the city and knew we would want to stay in union square (as my boyfriend has never been there and this is the best touristy spot). I usually prefer to stay at the Sir Francis Drake or the Westin St. Francis but both were overbooked. I was left with the Clift and Hotel Nikko. I definiately made the wrong choice even though I had heard good things about the lounge and restaurant. Since I have stayed at the Morgan (NYC) several times I assumed we would have a pleasant experience and I LOVE Asia de Cuba in NYC. I was wrong!  When we arrived at the Clift, the doorman did not even open the door or even aknowledge our pressence. Check-in was smooth but the girl was certainly rushing us and annoyed with any questions. Our original plan was to spend our first night with dinner at Asia De Cuba and start off with some early evening cocktails at the Redwood Room. BIG MISTAKE. Upon check-in we asked if we needed reservations for the Redwood Room. The girl gave us some preferred customer cards of some sort which she explained would get us right in with no problem. We approached the hostess at about 730 pm. There were a couple of guys in front of us whom the hostess was assisting. As we patiently waited, a large group came up behind us. The matron of the group approached the hostess - cutting in front of everyone else AND interrupting the conversation between the hostess and the 2 guys. Rather than telling this RUDE woman to go stand in line actually assisted her! The guys in front of us looked apalled and we were infuriated. Once it was finally our turn (like that mattered to the hostess) she very rudely told us we couldnt come in without a reservation. She said she had people arriving at 9 pm. We explained we just wanted ONE pre-dinner cocktail. At this point she got even more rude. At this point we decided this was NOT a place we wanted to spend out money anyways. They obviously dont care about their actual guests! The scene was horrible anyways. I dont think there was a patron under the age of 65 in the entire bar.... so much for a hip bar scene. We tried to complain to a manager but he was too busy having a personal conversation with one of the doormen. We decided our money is better spent elsewhere and opted against dinner in the hotel. We had a lovely meal in the Marina district then went on to drinks at Matrix where our patronage was appreciated and our drinks were not accompanied with a side of rudeness. I might also point out the martinis are $8 at Matrix as opposed to the overpriced drinks Redwood Room with serve you along with their snooty attitude. We are from LA so we are no strangers to attitude but this was just plain RUDE.  Aside from the horrible experience our first night, the hotel lobby is quite nice. The rooms are VERY small and somewhat dirty. The bathroom is appalling - dirty towels, the fan doesnt work, no standing room. On our final day, the anger from night one had worn off slightly (probably because we spent as little time in the hotel as possible). We were packing our stuff and relaxing from a morning of shopping. The day before, housekeeping entered our room even though we had the do not disturb sign on the door. Since nothing was taken we ignored it. Now here we are, a mere hour from escaping the Clift, when there is a knock at the door...housekeeping. I explain we are leaving at 1 (check out time) and to please respect the do not disturb sign. 15 minutes later, another knock at the door. It is the housekeeper AGAIN. I tell her we are still here and remind her of our departure time. Sure enough, another knock at the door and who could it be? The SAME housekeeper. At this point we are so frustrated my boyfriend tells her to wait outside and we gather all our stuff (half packed and all). They clearly wanted us gone so we sprinted to the elevator checked out and left the Clift behind.  Trust me, the Clift offers NOTHING to validate such horrible attitudes and behavior. I had high hopes for this place and if they had impressed me, I would have considered staying there on my monthly business trips up to SF. Forget it. I will definately tell everyone I know NOT to stay here and I will probably never stay at the Morgan again either just because of the Clift affiliation. Trust me, you are better off at the Sir Francis Drake or the Westin. At least they know you exist there and are gracious for your patronage. My advice to the Clift, perhaps you should remember that you are serving your guests not vice versa. Thank you for putting a stain on an otherwise lovely trip.