Terrible Wedding Night Stay - Very Disappointed I know I'm writing this review late, considering I stayed at this hotel in 2004, but I recently joined TripAdvisor, so I felt the need to write a review on it since I have stayed at this establishment in the past.My husband and I had just gotten married in October of 2004 and after LOTS of research, we decided to spend our wedding night at the Clift Hotel after getting married that afternoon in Sausalito. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were greeted by a very SNOBBY staff who didn't seem to care that we had just gotten married and never even bothered to utter one word of congratulations. Fine. Whatever. Then they told us to leave our bags with the bellhop and he would bring it up to our room. Needless to say, we waited over 45 minutes for the bellhop to arrive and finally, after calling the front desk twice (couldn't get through the first time), he finally arrived. He gave us a very nasty look of contempt when he walked out the door without a dime in his hands, since we decided that giving a tip would actually send the message that his service was remotely adequate.When we arrived to the room, we were extremely disappointed. The feature sheet describes the rooms as Large windows with panoramic city views overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, as well as other San Francisco landmarks. Let me tell you, the only view I got was of the brick wall looking onto the neighboring apartment building through a tiny window. Another huge disappointment, especially considering this was our wedding night.Like the other reviewers said, the bathroom was TINY and had absolutely no room for toiletries. I can't believe the feature sheet had the nerve to say Bathrooms - comfortable, OVERSIZED, and luxurious!!! What the heck??? The room itself was very small, considering the large pricetag you have to pay. Again, someone needs to revise that feature sheet that says The 363 rooms at Clift are GENEROUSLY scaled and beautifully appointed. Or do they mean the rooms are generously scaled to fit a mouse?The only highlight of our stay was the bed. I had the best night of sleep I've had in a very long time. It is the only reason I would give this review 2 stars, but after all the negatives, not even the bed can make up for everything else to give it the extra star.I am a native of the Bay Area and know that there are many other establishments to stay in San Francisco where the service and amenties are far superior than the Clift Hotel.Considering my stay at the Clift was on my wedding night, I will always have a bad taste in my mouth when I consider how awful and disappointing my stay was on what was supposed to be one of the most special evenings of my life.