Best avoided We chose the Halcyon because it was cheap and located pretty centrally in San Francisco. We had planned to stay for 19 days, but ended up leaving earlier. We took advantage of their weekly special for the price savings, though that wasn't as advantageous as we'd hoped.The location is very convenient for travellers; it's a short walk to Union Square, and there are some useful bus routes nearby. A short walk downhill gets you to the Metro. It's not an ideal location, though: it's in the city's Tenderloin district, a rough area that felt less-than-safe as it got darker.The room we had was at the back of the hotel, as far as possible from the street. This didn't prevent the room from being very, very noisy - street noise is pretty much constant, and it was impossible to sleep without earplugs. There must be a fire station nearby - firetrucks went screaming down the street at least once or twice a day.The room was also very small (they told us when we arrived that it was one of the larger rooms). We had 2 beds (one double, one single), which took up nearly all of the available space. The beds were the noisiest, squeakiest beds I've ever slept on, very uncomfortable (but they didn't have bedbugs). The included microwave was ancient. The sink in the 'kitchenette' was so small that you couldn't place one of their dishes in it. The walls and ceiling had cracks and stains. The floor looks like it had been recently re-done - the nicest feature of the room. The bathroom was also very small. The rooms were reasonably clean.Maid service is normally every 3 days, we were told, but because we were taking advantage of the weekly special rate, it would only be every 5th day. Nonetheless, the maid showed up every 3rd day for the first 9 days, and then didn't show up again for 6 days.The television reception was pretty awful. That's not normally a huge issue when on a short trip, but since we were there for an extended stay, it would have been nice.The hotel provides free wireless internet, which worked acceptably well much of the time. There were many outages, the worst one lasting 4 or 5 hours. There are plenty of places nearby (laundromats, cafes) that also offer free wireless internet.The staff were friendly and helpful whenever we spoke to them, but they're not around a lot of the time. They keep office hours, and in the evening there's a number for the night manager (who, we were told, lived on the premises). When we had a problem, though, the night manager was unreachable.Specifically, when the person using the room next to ours started screaming and banging on walls for a half hour, the night manager did not answer his phone, and did not respond to the message. 'Technical difficulties', we were told, they couldn't access the message until the next day.Other events at the hotel made us uncomfortable as well, so we decided to leave early. However, since we had booked using the weekly special rates, they told us they require 3 days notice before departure. We stayed 2 more nights but they still charged us for the 3rd day, refusing to accommodate us despite the difficulties we had encountered. They claimed that the computer system was set that way, and they could not change it.In summary, I regret having stayed at the Halcyon. The nearby Hotel Mayflower cost a bit more, but was much more comfortable.