I stayed at the Wynn Encore while traveling on business the last week of January 2012. The hotel room itself was spacious, very clean, and included add-ons that many hotels don't provide. Having said that, I was taken aback by the charges that the Wynn added to each room when I checked in. When you're already paying around $300 a night for the room, you really shouldn't expect to see an additional $45 a night tacked on for things like resort fees and charges for the view out your window. This is all in addtion to the normal taxes that travelers are accustomed to paying. Airlines are now required to disclose all their charges when you book your flight. Someone really needs to pass a law forcing hotels to do the same thing. The last thing a frequent traveler wants to find out about is one or more additional hotel charges after a taxi ride from the airport and a long wait in the registration line. This brings me to my next comment, focusing on the registration process. The registration desk is located in an incredibly small space for a hotel of this size. I stood in a line similar to the ones we all encounter at the security checkpoint at the airport, winding my way back and forth. I must have been in line for 20 minutes. Again, not what I would have expected from an upscale property like this one. When it came time to check out, the billing was a disaster. Because of a change in plans, I had to add a day on to my trip. Therefore, I ended up with two different registration records. The hotel supposedly couldn't combine them because one had been made by my travel agency and one by myself. i could have lived with this, but then each bill was divided with two separate entries, and therefore four separate charges were made to my credit card. While the charges totaled correctly, I never could get an explanation as to why the bill was split and charged this way. I spent nearly two hoiurs trying to balance the charges in my web-based expense account program (Concur). I do get to Vegas several times a year for both business and pleasure. While this was my first experince with the Wynn, it will also be my last. There are a number of other hotels on or near the strip that may not have electric drapes in the room, or fancy shower heads in the shower, but that also won't charge you undisclosed fees for things you'll never use. All in all, it was a very negative experience. I just hope that what happened to me in Vegas, doesn't stay in Vegas, but gets communicated to those who might be thinking about staying at the Wynn.