We decided to try Encore at Wynn because my wife really liked what we saw online. We were booking 2 rooms for 3 nights for us and our family. After a drive from Phoenix, upon arrival no bell hop or valet parking greeter to meet us at the hotel entrance so we parked and went in. Like another reviewer we had booked through Booking.com a few weeks in advance. We had altered the reservation three days before arrival to receive a lower non refundable rate ($50/night less). The Booking.com agent called the hotel directly (with me on the line) to confirm that the reservation was changed. The agent at the hotel confirmed that the reservation was in fact changed & that since the hotel had already charged a $400 deposit on my credit card, that would just be deducted from my final bill. I was sent a new email confirmation with the new rate and particulars. Upon arrival the hotel check in agent could not find any record of the revised rate. I showed her the confirmation that I had received but she said they could not honor it unless the reservation dept put it in the system. They had not done so. She went to speak with her manager twice but still insisted it could not be honored. Finally I asked that she bring her manager to speak with me. The front desk manager Katrenia Dupree was not only less than helpful she was rude. She said she could not honor the rate because reservations had no record of it in the system. When I showed her the confirmation of the booking with lower rate she said there was nothing she could do. She said it would take at least an hour to get the issue sorted out with the reservations dept. I asked them to call Booking.com and sort it out with them right now and she said she could not do that either. The agent who checked us in then also mentioned that the pool was closed at the hotel. Not just one pool, all of them. She said they have been closed for quite a while and were not sure when they would be opening. I said that it would have been nice to notify guests of that when making reservations. She said "that is not our policy". (Of course not) I later found out after talking with one of the cleaners that the beach club pool was actually filled and functional they just had it closed. Nice cost cutting. After 45 minutes of checking in we finally received our keys. When I went back to get luggage out of the car I was met by the valet attendant who said "is this your car, I was about to have it towed". When I said to him "perhaps if you were here when we got here and perhaps if your check in staff did their jobs properly it would not have been here for 45 mins". He just took off. Finally a bell hop came to take our bags after we had unloaded them ourselves and asked a hotel cleaner for some help. When we got into the room we had a so called "strip view". The strip view consists of a view of the Wynn hotel and the corner of Treasure Island. Inside the room the large mirrors were badly streaked. This was not even cleaned the following day when housekeeping came. It took until the second housekeeping visit (the following day) for them to clean them. I also received an unfriendly voicemail from Katrenia saying that she would not honor the new rate for the room and that I would have to take it up with Booking.com. She then called me directly an hour later saying that they had been able to contact Booking.com and they could now honor the rate. I explained to her the encounter with the valet and she said "that should never have happened". I said "this is what you call exceptional service?" Katrenia said she would have the hotel manager contact me directly. So far no call from the hotel manager. Of course not. Needless to say my gambling/dining is all going to other hotels. Steve Wynn needs to tell his staff the economy is very different from 10 years ago. The idea of keeping your guests at your hotel for as much of their stay as possible is more important than ever. There are at least 10 other great hotel options in Vegas who actually do care about service & actually serve their customers well (not just talk about it). Steve may want to go "undercover boss" to see what is actually going on in his hotels. Otherwise keep it up Steve. Soon your hotels will just be just another average Vegas hotel amongst many other better options. By the way, take a lot of extra time to walk your young kids through both Encore and Wynn casinos to get to the half opened Wynn pool.