I stayed twice at the Ecnore Las Vegas is the last two years. I enjoyed my first stay a lot, it is definitely one of the most impressive hotels on Las Vegas Blvd. The real quality of a hotel only shows in times of complains (if justified or not) and how they deal with it. And in this regard the Encore it definitely one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in and it seems as if the General Management is in absolutely no contact with its department heads and does not control its actions afterwards in any way. What has happened? I stayed at the Encore in August 2011 for 4 nights. On the morning of the second day I placed my dirty laundry (estimated value $ 300  one pair of jeans, one sweater and some socks) in the hotels laundry bag and placed that bag on my suitcase next to the trash can and to the rooms desk. After returning to our room in the afternoon, I recognized the disappearance of my laundry bag. Following my first intention I called the room service and asked them if they have taken my laundry for cleaning. But they denied and put me trough to the security department. After a while, two security ladies knocked at my door and recorded a file. I told them what has happened and they handed me out a telephone number were I should call after 7 days. I didnt call after 7 days. 2 days later at the day of my departure I gave them a call and they told me that they were not successful in finding my laundry till now and I should call again next week. What else can you do in such a situation than to check out, continue your trip and hope for the best. But it came worse. I called the next week and after being placed on hold for a very long time they informed me that my file has been closed as my laundry was not found neither in the laundry nor anywhere else. So I asked if they have checked the video surveillance. They answer was that they can not give me any information on such details. So I asked them if there is any proof that someone has broken in my room. Again they denied to give me any information on that. So I asked to talk to the head of the security department. The head was out of office but after 2 hours I got a call back. The answer remained the same: it is not possible to get access to the video footage, they could find it and it is not their fault that my laundry disappeared.. From the perspective of the hotel guest a very unsatisfying situation. I dont want to blame anyone but the only way it could have happened is that the housekeeping lady thought my dirty laundry to be trash and threw it away. Or, but definitely less likely, someone broke in my room and the only thing he did steal was my dirty laundry. I shared both theories with the conversational partner of the security department of the Encore  without success. However, in such a situation as a paying hotel guest you expect by far more information and cooperation by a hotel than to tell you to call them and be then left alone with the fact that the file has been closed. What I expect from a good hotel management in such a situation would at first be to go for an apology. Not the Encore. During the phone call they always emphasized that it was not their fault. Not a word of apology, not a bit of an attempt to work on a solution. The next step taken by a good management, independent of whos right or not, would be to find a solution for the customer to compensate him for his loss. Not so the Encore. I had to ask for a compensation for my lost/stolen/disappeared clothing. They denied and said they do not compensate in cases of loss of guests property. So if things disappear from your room at the Encore, be aware of that you do not get a compensation! So I at least asked if they could offer me a discount on my next stay or what else they do suggest to offer me as compensation for my clothing. A good management would offer you a good deal and hope to keep you as a customer. A stupid management would deny any compensation. But if you really want to provoke a guest and make him write an article about his stay on tripadvisor, you gonna tell him that you can not offer him any compensation BUT would try to get him a fruit basket to his room at his next stay. But you can not promise. End of citation. Dear Management of Encore. I know that a General Manager can not be everywhere all the time. But he has to ensure a certain quality standard and coach and instruct his employees to follow certain guidelines and some kind of a company culture. If you promise best service and quality at your hotel, you also have to follow these rules regarding your complaint policy. As I still dont know what has happened to the property that did disappear from my room and have experienced absolutely no cooperation neither regarding research nor compensation, I can not recommend to stay at the Encore Hotel