My partner and I were very happy to get away for the holiday and decided to try Vegas and wanted to stay at an elegant 5 star hotel so we decided to try Steve Wynn's Encore Hotel and what a mistake we made. We get out of the cab and a rude front person yells at as to stay on the curb as we are walking into the hotel...we walk into the crowded lobby which looks like the extras from A Jersey Shore episode...There was an Ambulance pulling up and a kid with a blood soaked face and police officer screaming what other drugs have you taken...I was mortified. Then we get to the check in and are told we should pick the inferior room as the rooms with the views are way to loud due to the techno/club scene located at the hotel.!!! I was so upset... I was going to pick the Four Seasons but decided to try Steve Wynn's hotel what a mistake I made!!! We immediately left the hotel as we were so upset and walked to the Fashion mall across the street to talk about what just happend and have some lunch...We both shared our deep disappointment about the hotel property...our hotel concierge voiced to us how awful the crowd was at the hotel...coming back to the hotel from lunch we then passed a patron throwing up in hallway on our way back to our room...We were horrified.. We went to Beatles LOVE which was amazing then came back to a hotel filled of YOUNG LOUD SWEARING 20 something's flooding all over the lobby areas and they were so rude to all. The doorman were charging Men $100+ to get into clubs on property which was so obnoxious and trashy. We went to bed and I woke up and Emailed the Hotel Managers/Concierge telling them how upset I was and that I wanted a refund..NO one returned my Email...I was SO SO upset and the 2nd day was totally ruined...again same loud crowd/smoking/swearing/drunk in hallways...Not a 5 star holiday weekend...A staff member said to us well it is Memorial Day weekend as this should be acceptable behavior at a 5 star hotel...We were sick and said to ourselves hat an awful response. On day 3 I spoke with one front desk manager (who I had to call 3x) as no other manager retunred my calls or emails...who apologized and sent up 1 $10 dollar of wine and 3 small wedges of cheese as an apology...Our trip was ruined and she thought this would make it better. Again NO ONE asked us what could tehy do to make our trip better.. Our actual hotel room was nice (a little small) but since LOUD club thumping noise we had to be in a room with an inferior view overlooking at one side a construction site where a building sat abandoned due to Las Vegas poor economy. We still heard the loud noise and smoke seemed to creep into our room even though it was a NON SMOKING room. $20.00 for Internet Service per day $16.00 for Coffee for room service $100.00 to get into a hotel nightclub PER MALE PERSON!!! $500.00 to rent a pool cabana PER DAY... Most of the nice/good seating areas at pools sat empty with a reserved sign on them for most of our visit. Music was too loud at Euro pool at times and same songs kept rotating. Prepackaged lunch menus at Euro Pool hardly 5 star (nothing made to order) and a very limited lunch menu. ***At Euro Pool bar it took an hour for a server to wait on us as=after a waitress gave us a menu...I had to call front desk manager to get the pool manager to get some service..again hardly 5 star. (The pool was half empty) ****At Eastside Bar off the Casino my partner and I sat down to order a drink the bartender left the bar didn't acknowledge us and never came back..we finally left after 10 minutes Encore Lobby's reeked of smoke VERY Rude doorman screaming at people in front of hotel at guests ***Sinatra Restaurant , Society Cafe and Le Reve***** were the bright spots Encore hotel has running that was excellent....visit the hotel for these three attractions all other areas were awful.( In all fairness we didn't try other restaurants so they could be good) We did the Wynn VIP Dinner Buffet which was nice but a little expensive @ $128.00 for 2. The Hotel management Never responded to my Email.. No level of personal service We were just another Credit Card to these people. No Sense of personal service at all. We went to Wynn's Encore to be WOWED and left VERY disappointed.