First the good. The rooms are lovely and well appointed. I had hoped but there is no water or morning coffee included. Lovely glass shower, OK tub but no bath salts or bubbles, dual vanity, small tv, separate room for the toilet. Comfortable bed, large tv screen, no internet included. Actually now they had added a $25 day resort fee - bummer. All goods and services on the property are 25-75% above average vegas upscale hotel rates! If you plan to stay here bring a wad of cash because your going to need it. Breakfast for two $75. Lunch about the same. Dinner $125 to $200+. Coffee $4. Poolside Mojoito $14. Domestic beer $7. Etc.... Also the pool totally sucks! Well it looks great on the website photo but thats about it. The hotel tries to "sell" all the furniture seating in the pool including chairs and lily pads. On top of that, they also "sell" all the lounge chairs in the first and sometimes second row. If you dont want to pay for a seat - either be there by 8 am or forget it. And you'll be in the back anyways. It really sucked. And on Monday - even though they hadn't sold any of the chairs or lily pads - they still wouldn't give them up to guests and if you sit there - they will come and kick you off. Wow - way to make your guests feel like second class citizens! One day, a group of us went down there around 10:30 and could only find 2 chairs available in one area, and 2 chairs in another area. We put our stuff down on both and walked around looking for more. One of the pool girls Natasha - took our stuff off and gave it to another guest. We immediately saw it and called her on it. She said she would find us another spot. After 10 minutes of no luck we demanded to speak with the pool manager. She gets some guy who argues with us that we must have left our stuff there for 30 minutes therefore, the pool monitors have the right to move our stuff and give our chairs to someone else. #1 we hadn't left the spot unattended 30 minutes. But we had to basically prove ourselves - thanks to nearby guest 'witnesses' for him to back off and admit they were wrong. Then it took them another 20 minutes to bring out a few chairs as our consulation. Wow knock yourselves out jerk wads. Often the servers, bartenders, and pool staff had attitudes and poor service. The best service we had was the front desk staff. Encore get a big FAT zero for this stay and me and my 20 friends will go elsewhere on our annual Vegas pilgramage! P.S. The "fine" Italian restaurant Bartolotta scored a big ZERO too - see my review under that restaurant.