Sadly, I cannot recommend the Encore. It's advertised as a 5-star hotel but mostly it's the prices that are 5-star. Be aware that the whole purpose of the hotel is to separate you from your money. And mind you, that's before any gambling. The room was spacious and clean, I'll give it that. However, it was also very sterile. For what you get the rooms are way overpriced. You get a place to sleep, everything else is extra. Make sure you know about the $20/day/room resort fee which "entitles" you to wi-fi access, use of gym, and a few other useless things I don't remember. You expected a coffee-maker or a free movie channel like what you got at your last Super-8 stay? You're in the wrong place. A small coffee down in the bar will set you back $6. That's probably the cheapest item by far you'll find in any of their bars/restaurants. If that's the definition nowadays of "high-end" hotel I must be hopelessly out of touch. Their web site is actually a good representation of what to expect. A lot of fluff but no substance. The pool looks nice on the pictures, doesn't it? Well, it's quite small. Shady spots are hard to find, you'll be baking in the LV heat. When the temperatures finally drop and the pool area is in the shade they close it down. No use of the pool after 7pm. You're supposed to be in the casino or one of their restaurants. The strategy of the newer hotels/casinos to make it hard finding an exit was elevated to an art form at the Encore. It'll loop you around so even when you do find an exit you're facing the Encore or Wynn again. Shows are ridiculously expensive. We went to see Le Reve. Luckily we were invited so I shouldn't complain about a gift horse. However, at a face value of $113 or so the tickets make Disneyland (which is already horrendously overpriced) look like a bargain. I will admit though that the show itself was nicely done. Good acrobatic and artistic entertainment. Would be willing to spend $40-50 for it. Try the half-price counter near the MGM if you want to go. The machines at the Encore/Wynn casino also seemed to be very tight. We saw our gambling allowance dwindle quite fast so we went next door to the Pallazzo where we were able to nurse it much longer. By extension my impressions of the Encore apply to Las Vegas as a whole. Granted, the city always existed to relieve you of your money but by and large that was limited to gambling. I came to LV a number of times in the 80s and 90s but hadn't been back for 15 years. The hotels wanted to get you into their casinos and made most everything else a relative bargain. That's no longer the case. For instance, food used to be inexpensive. Alas, no more. A buffet (with huge waiting lines) will set you back $20-25 typically. The LV police has also gotten into the game of fleecing the tourists. Whenever we drove down the strip or to the east of it it we saw an unfortunate motorists pulled over at almost every other corner. Never noticed a NV license plate, mostly CA. So, watch out when you're driving! Las Vegas was never a place for families and things haven't changed. I head read reports that they offer more for kids now but I can't corroborate those claims. Your best bet might be the center at Circus Circus. Some casinos have little corny shows later in the day in front of their buildings (Bellagio, Treasure island, etc.) but nothing to keep the little ones entertained really. In conclusion, I wouldn't go back to the Encore. Get as much information as you can about any hotel you have in mind before you go to LV. Save your money for gambling - which is why you're going, right? Are there any other reasons to go to Vegas? None that I can think of (unless you're into gaudy displays of neon lights for which LV still doesn't have any competition). Even for the purpose of gambling I don't have to drive that far anymore. Here in CA the next casino is never more than 2 hours away. I can certainly wait another 15 years before I visit Vegas again - if indeed ever.