My expectation of Encore by Wynn was that it is an exceptional hotel associated with another exceptional hotel. Well it tuened out to be more like a wolf in sheeps clothing. Check in was quick and fine and we got a room on the 38th floor and could have paid an extra $25 per night to get a higher hotel room. The room was plush and the bathroom was as big as the rest of the room. First thing I noticed as I checked the room out was that it had a lot of wasted space. It had a large what I thought was a dresser, but turned out to be just a display. It had no drawers and you couldn't open it. It also had a couple of more places you would think they would allow you to store things that were no more than cosmetics. I still thought the room was fine until I tried to turn on the big screen tv and it didn't work. That was my first call to the service desk. While waiting for them to arrive I noticed they had a collection of snacks and gifts sitting on the dresser thing. Well these were balanced on a device that if you removed any item you had 60 seconds to replace it otherwise you will be charged for it. This probably wouldn't be a big deal unless you wanted to read the contents of whatever it was. Speed reading anyone!!! Also noticed that there was no refrigerator. This prompted our second call to the service desk. Turns out you could rent on for $25 dollars a day. Hummm, that works out to $175 for a week. Fortunate for us the hotel is within walking distance of a Walgreen where we went a got a disposable ice chest and other goodies to tide us over for our 3 night stay. They came up and got the tv working and we were ready to dive into the casino and other offering of the hotel. The gaming is your usual slots and table games that all hotels offer. The place had several restaurants with the most intreging being the Sinatra. Decent prices for a high end Italian restaurant. The other restaurants were just over priced. The Encore is attached to the Wynn so you can go there as well but the two places are the same in decor and amenities. After a long drive to get to Vegas we called it an early night (about 12 midnight). The next day everything changed. I checked by checking account like I do everyday and found that $850 dollars had been charged to my account. I wanted to know what this was and it turns out that the hotel had charged me for the nights I was staying and they had an incidentals charge of $150 per night that was deducted from my account. Now I don't know about you but I have never stayed in a hotel that charged for the room upfront and most incidentals were either I take you card number or about a $100 refundable deposit. I asked why the incidental charge was so much and the responde was "we don't know it you will destroy the room or not". Excuse me, but what type of guests do you have it you think they will destroy the room. That sheds a bad light on the hotel. We inquired about an alternative to the incidental charge that they had taken out of my account and they had none. Personally I think tying up the amount of money they were tying up was taking away from us enjoying what the hotel had to offer. Not everyone uses credit , so of us pay as we go. This whole incident led us to not want to spend any more money in this hotel, so the remainder of the trip we eat and gambled elsewhere. But that wasn't the end of out problems. We returned to our room after one excusion and our toilet didn't work and another the electricity in the room didn't work. Needless to say we wern't happy campers at this hotel. The kicker came the morning of checkout. Part of the package deal we got from the hotel was a $75 dollar credit with the hotel. We hadn't used any of it so we decided to hit the pool early and then have breakfast by using this. The pool area is wonderful at this hotel. They have a regular pool and they have an adults only pool for those who want to go european style. Cabanas go for $300 to $400 dollars a day through the week and $400 to $500 a day for the weekend. The cabana is yours for the entire day, so you could leave and comeback later in the day. Well we charge a couple of bloody maria's while at the pool and then went to breakfast. Well when we tried to charge the breakfast on the room we were informed that we had checked out of the room already. It also turned out that the drinks we thought we had charged did not count either. So we ended up spending close to $70 dollars that we could have spent somewhere else. It was a very frustrating situation. How did we get checked out without our knowledge? The explaination from the hotel was that the hotel must have automatically checked us out. What? How does a hotel automatically check you out? We hadn't even went back to the room to get out stuff. What the heck!!! Well when we really did go down to get the explaination it wasn't pretty. Our complaints were so much that they had to pull us out of line and the hotel manager talked to us on the side. Turns out that they also have a policy of letting hotel personnel use each others name tags. The person who checked us into the hotel that didn't tell us about the incidentals or the upfront room charge had been using someone elses name tag. So the hotel couldn't identify who had checked us in. There was also different solutions to the incidental charge that could have been used. On top of all this when we were ready to leave the hotel we had our luggage sent to the valet parking and they lost our luggage. We had to wait in valet for almost 45 minutes before we could go. Also turns out that we were not the only ones who had a problem or two. Overall the experience was a total failure on the hotels part. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. As a matter of fact I would recommend that anyone looking for a great experience to go to the Pallazo and Veneitian hotel for a lot better experience.