I have stayed at many 5* hotels and the service experience received over Memorial day weekend was incredibly bad. Here we go (in chronological order): 1) Suites are supposed to be ready by 3pm for check-in. Our 2 tower suites weren't made available until 6pm on the day of arrival. 2) We went to the newly opened Encore beach club on the Saturday. When we checked our bill on check-out, there was a spurious $510 additional gratuity that had been added. When we queried the charge, it was reversed immediately without investigation. This suggests that it's a common event. That is shocking. 3) We reserved a table at the Encore beach club for the Sunday, This was agreed to be a $3,000 minimum spend the day before. On the Sunday, we stood in queue for an hour, despite having a table reservation. The hosts of the club were telling the table reservation line that groups would only be moved forwards if they tipped. Basically soliciting a gratuity. When I complained to the hotel, they said that the beach club was run by a separate company and there was little that they could do about it. Escalation proved ineffective. To make matters worse, the host at the beach club then said that the table was a $5,000 minimum spend. Essentially there were just trying to squeeze people as much as possible despite prior agreements. 4) We stayed in the tower suites on the 9th floor. The newly opened outdoor nightclub, Surrender was so loud that you could hear the music very clearly in the suite. They hadn't considered additional soundproofing. 5) Room service food took over an hour every time that we ordered. One time, we complained and were told that the food would be complimentary. When we checked the bill on check-out we had been charged. All in all, it was a disastrous weekend for the Encore. Their beach club is a racket where the Encore deny all responsibility by saying it's run by a separate company. Escalation within the Encore hotel management chain doesn't get you anywhere which means that the beach club continues to get away with it. The hotel management didn't come back to us with an explanation for any of the above points and I had to continually chase them for answers. Finally, the only thing that the management did for us was to reverse the $510 gratuity which shouldn't have been on the bill in the first place! Out of all the vegas hotels I have stayed in, I have never received as bad service as I received at Encore. I would recommend anyone to stay elsewhere.