Ok. I booked this room for a romantic 2 night getaway for my wife and I back in July. I had a choice to stay at the Wynn or Encore for the same price but I ended up picking the Encore because I heard the rooms were bigger. We walk up to our room. Fabric on the walls, electric drapes etc. Beautiful room! I go to sit down on the ottoman and there is a nasty black stain on the center of this thing. BIG BLACK stain. I didn't want to gross my wife out and ruin the experience so I tried to tap it away hoping it was dirt from a shoe or something. Let's just say it didn't work. Almost immediately my wife comes out and is holding the handle for the sink in the restroom. Apparently it had broken off long before we arrived. It appeared that cleaning crew just placed the broken handle right back in the slot as to appear it was ok. This place seemed as if it had just had a party like the one from the movie "the Hangover". It felt gross. So 10 minutes later, we are unpacking. I open the drawers and find a big glob of dried soda right smack in the center of the top drawer. It had that gooey, syrup thickness to it. It appeared as if someone had dropped a soda in there. At this point I tell the wife that we should go downstairs and get some food. While downstairs, I sneak away to ask them to please clean up my room as it was clearly a filthy mess. The guy apologized and says he would have them clean the room up, and also leave us a gift basket for the inconvenience when we return. I took my wife out for a little dinner and came back 4 hours later. They cleaned up the ottoman and the soda in my dresser but as I suspected no basket. Whatever.....I didn't even call. I was just happy I was there and they had cleaned up the room. Or so I thought.... A couple of minutes later I am in the potty room and start to notice all kinds of bodily fluids stuck to the floor. It was so disgusting. It looked like they had not mopped up in weeks. Boogers and pee were two for sure! I got on the desk to start dialing the front desk, I lean back in the chair and notice there are tissue papers wedged in between the lamp shade on the desk and the actual wall. Management did nothing they said they would clean up the room but they never did anything. I can't believe this place got a 5 diamond rating. What a joke! Save your money and stay at a motel 6 they have cleaner rooms.