I stayed at the Encore from for four days last week and I must admit I was extremely disappointed. I choose the Encore because I had a great time at the Wynn last year. I assumed that the Encore would live up to its brother hotel, if not be better, and trust me it is not. My party consisted of 6 adults and 3 rooms total. The problems started right away. I requested a two bedroom room over four months ago when I booked the vacation, only to come to the surprise that there were not only no 2 bedrooms available, but there were not going to be for my whole stay. If I booked this trip a few weeks ago I would understand, however, I feel over four months in advance I should be guaranteed what I wanted. The man at the front desk explained that saying what kind of room you wanted was just a request and was not guaranteed. Once I got into my room there was no hot water, you would think this would be a temporary problem but it lasted the entire length of my stay (4 days!) and that was in all 3 rooms we rented. Management could care less that a whole floor was not getting hot water for an entire week. They were well aware of the problem, from my understanding a pipe broke on the floor I was on. The icing on the cake was in no way did management even attempt to compensate for this extremely unpleasant surprise with the water. Onto dinner. I ate at a few of the restaurants during my stay, every time I had to wait over 45 minutes later than my reservation time. Once again, all we received from this was apologies. In one instance we missed the beginning of Le Reve which we had tickets for that same night because of the consistent tardiness. Onto the pool. The pool is tiny and cramped compared to the Wynn. For the entire four days we tried to reserve a cabana, and was not able to do so once. In fact, one day the head cabana boy said we werent even on the list to get one when I spoke to that cabana boy just the day before and saw him put my name down! I understand I am not Trump or Rockefella but I thought they would treat any customer a little better especially during a recession! The service was terrible, the rooms were very nice but not being able to get hot water for the entire stay was terrible. Not receiving the room I requested over four months ago is just foolish. This is supposedly a five star resort I would say it is a 2 tops. The best part about it was did they even compensate me for anything, even offer a dinner on the only in my dreams. I play 1 hour on a table at the Venetian I can go stay there compt any week I want to during the year. I play over 20 hours in a week at the Encore I get a buffett compt for one person. Steve Wynn you should really be ashamed on how you are screwing the American Public with this new 5 Star resort. I will never go back.