I wanted to plan a trip for my Boyfriend and his Twin Brother for their 26th Birthday. We are originally for Orange County, CA so it was going to be quiet an expensive trip to gather a group our closest friends to travel out to Vegas with us. Having monthly comps at the Palazzo we decided to go outside the box and try a hotel stay at Encore at the Wynn. We were extremely excited after viewing how elegant and nice the hotel is on their website. We decided to plan the entire stay at the Wynn. Club Tryst on Friday night and Club XS on Saturday night. This is so we would never have to leave the hotel. I had arranged the whole weekend the week in advance to ensure that everything was set in stone with our stay at the Encore. At check in, the lobby area felt extremely clutter due to the fact that they do no host an employee to direct any one person to a check in station. Upon check in, each guest is supposed to wait in any given line we unfortunately stood in a line with a guest who took 25 minuets to check out. When my party got to the front I told the check in host that I wanted to check in for 3 rooms on my reservation but leave the key cards up front so when my friends came they could pick up their room keys without checking in. The host had me write down each persons name myself so she can have a key card ready. I had originally booked my stay at the Wynns website so I was surprise to know that my reservation rate was changed upon check in. I had to wait around 25 to 35 minuets for the host to fully check me in since she had to rebook my stay and get manager approval at the rate I booked on Wynns Website. This was very annoying. You walk into this hotel come to find out that you are already starting to have problems. All 3 rooms were booked on the same floor. Unfortunately my room was booked next to a room that had a barking door, THAT NEVER STOPPED BARKING. I dont even believe dogs are allowed in the hotel. I am not certain. The room is small compared to The Palazzo. Nothing too special about the room except that it is modern and updated. The restrooms have no vents so when taking a hot shower it steams up the whole room. There is only one TV for the room and one for the bathroom. Which in other hotels I receive 2 flat screens and 1 in the bathrooms. So that night we went to Tryst. We were placed at a outside deck table, when we specifically asked to be inside. The table host stated that unless we tipped him or bought 2 additional bottles we would not be able to be sat inside. Due to the fact that we were going to have bottle service at XS the next night we wanted to keep simple for the first night so we decided not to tip the table host $200.00 and keep our table. To be so blunt about a bribe I was very shocked. I received a call around 11:00pm while at Tryst from a friend that was staying in one of the 3 rooms. He stated that he was unable to check in and I would have to leave Tryst to check in for him. I couldnt believe that the original check in host did not do her job, but now I was being asked to leave the Tryst night club so I could check my party in. I asked my friend to hand over the phone but the check in host stated that I would have to come to the front or call in. I called in and my friend was able to check in. Come to find out when he checked in, the host upstairs gave my friend the key to my hotel room, not theirs. How would you feel as a guest barely checking in to your hotel room to find that the room was being used by someone else. The immediately got on the phone with guest services stating the room was already used and to bring a key to their suite immediately. It took them 25 minuets. WHAT HORRIBLE CHECK IN STAFF THE HAVE. The next night we went to XS at 9pm to get our table. The table host blew us off and made us wait in line foe 3 hours. Then around 11:30 they stated that all the tables were given away and that all they could do was free entry. WTF right? We had a table reservation, we waited in line and they treated us like crap. I was furious by that time. The next night I check out of the Encore totally sadden by the customer service. I called into the hotel asking for a credit with Hotel Correspondence. They stated that I would hear back within 5 to 6 business days. I did not hear back in 6 Business days so I called back again. They still did not have an answer. Then I called back a 3rd time and still no results. All in all the service at the Wynn, Encore, Tryst, and XS are horrible. I will never stay their again due to the help that they hire to run there table service and check in. I cant believe my boyrfirends trip was ruined due to Table Host who would not treat a hotel guest GOOD unless they were tipped under the table.