My entire family (9 of us in 3 rooms) stayed at both the Wynn (with adjoining rooms) and Encore (1 suite) from 1/27 - 2/1/09. They'd emailed us specials, and we wanted to try out the new Encore hotel. We got reasonable rates...$129/night weekday, $159/night weekend. We had reservations requesting non-smoking adjoining rooms for the Wynn, and confirmed these requests via email and telephone several times. Upon checkin, our rooms weren't ready for over an hour. We were told that they wouldn't promise us adjoining rooms since it is "merely a preference and not a guarantee" (exact words) even though it's what we reserved. We did finally get them though. When the rooms were ready, we went back and got our keys and finally settled in. Endless banging from construction directly above both Wynn rooms forced us to complain (there was nonstop fast hammering from what we theorize was carpet installation). They explained that the construction was only supposed to occur that particular day from 7am - 3pm. By 5:00pm, it was still going strong. We finally insisted that they move us, and found out that the work was not complete and would continue at 7:00am the next morning. We moved by 5:35pm and it was still noisy with plenty of banging. Weak apologies, no upgrades, nothing to compensate us, not even a basket of fruit. Over in the Encore, (which is supposed to be the newer and higher class hotel) the room and hallway was pretty but the service was TERRIBLE! The housekeeping staff the first night was good - the housekeeper Milagro was pleasant and friendly and a fellow NY'er to boot!). Unfortunately for us, she must have had the next few days off because the next 3 nights were absolutely terrible. They tossed the pillows onto the couch instead of leaving them on the beds...what was the purpose?!?! They took all of our belongings, shoes, boots, clothing, etc. and tossed those onto the couch too. We're not slobs, we had things on hangers on doorknobs and others draped over the desk chair. Things weren't on piled on the floor preventing them from vaccuuming or anything (except for boots & shoes, which belong on the floor!) There was a layer of clothing, then shoes, then more clothing on top. All of our clothing was now dirtied by being mixed with the shoes. Totally unneccesary and rude. To add insult to injury, the remaining 3 days we had no turndown service. No slippers, no chocolates, no beds made. In fact, they even TOOK our slippers away from us. (We had 2 pairs given to us the first night, we brought 2 of our own in from the other rooms) After the second night, all but one pair were gone and were never replaced. The one pair that was left was thrown underneath the nightstand --- literally thrown under... It took 3 days to fix a loose toilet seat. The tub was not cleaned. There was a hooker in the Encore elevator who was solicited by 2 guests right in front of my husband and my sister's boyfriend...hello? security??? They charged us over $60 for 3 mini-bar items that we did not take. (their policy is if you move something for more than 60 seconds, it automatically charges your bill, but we didn't even touch or look at them!!!). In 40 degree weather, we have absolutely no use for a suncare kit, nor would we ever listen to or want a "Wynn Musical CD," or pay $8 for a snack. Thursday, Friday & Saturday night the music from the club downstairs was really loud. (we were on the 23rd floor and could hear it all) Luckily for us, we were out late ourselves those nights and returned exhausted after 4am and had no problems going straight to sleep...but if you were an early or light sleeper, too bad for you. Back at the Wynn, they jacked up the price of their buffet from $14.99 to $30.99 per person for brunch for the Chinese New Year...and it was not good, choices were limited, some stuff looked like it came out of a can - and honestly are eggs & breakfast meats, congee and stirfry really worth that kind of money? I don't think so. Plus they added 18% gratuity automatically. We did go back the second night for dinner (but only because we had a couple comps from an awesome pitboss named Brian) and their reputation was redeemed... I definitely recommend the dinner buffet, but save your money and skip the brunch. At checkout time, the lines were ridiculously long because they didn't have video checkout available, so every guest was standing on line to checkout by 12:00pm. When my husband argued the excess charges, they told us to take it up with the credit card company! Seriously?!?! Considering the economic recession, you'd think that they would treat and accomodate their guests better. (especially since 7 of us gambled and all lost quite a bit of money there). You would think that they would want to make us happy since half of us were repeat guests and gamblers. Granted we're not high rollers and we got a good room rate, but for the amount of money they'd normally charge and the reputation they're trying to maintain, their service was just poor and disgusting. I'll go back to the Venetian from now on, or even Treasure Island who once comped our stay since we gambled a lot there. We plan on writing a letter of complaint to the company. If anything comes out of it, I will re-post the outcome.