We were referred to them from another Seattle hotel that was full for the night we wanted to stay. Booked directly with the hotel, and decided to take a small suite for my wife, self and 16 year old son. $499 plus taxes for the night. High, but it was a celebration night - start of our vacation trip. What they did not tell us was that they were under renovation, and our room was right in the middle of it. On the plus side of it, the checkin was great, the person at the desk friendly and helpful, and they even sent up a small bottle of champaign after they heard that it was my birthday. Very thoughful of them, and we had a great dinner at Place Pigalle, which he also recommended. Oops - but the fitness room was closed. - Do you have an alternate? oh yes, they finally volunteered, at a nearby gym, but they didn't give us tickets until we asked again. The wallpaper in one of the front hallways was stained, as were some of the carpets, leading to a general feeling that the property was just not up to snuff. He didn't let us know about the renovation, which was apparent as soon as we set foot on the elevator - it was sheathed in ratty plywood with a not-so-cute label pasted on it that said "Creating a new artwork for you" or something similar. The room was stark, with no artwork on the walls, although it was clean. Bathroom was ok. Nice TV's. No turndown service. 2 bathrobes. Nice touch, but there were three of us. We had to get our own pillows and blanket out of the closet and set up the bed oursleves for my son,, who was sleeping on the pull out couch. The next morning Sunday) at 7:30 the people started moving furniture into the hallway in front of our door, and the entire place was a construction zone by 8am. Nobody at the front desk even told us that this was going to go on. I went down and had my complimentary breakfast alone, served by a surly waiter. When my wife and son went down for breakfast, they were told it was not complimentary, and so they passed on any breakfast or coffee. When we checked out, the bill was full rate, and my breakfast was billed on it as well. We complained then and there, and they appologised, and asked us if we would like a comp room for another night, but we were only in Seattle for one night, and we wouldn't stay there again anyway. So they dropped the breakfast charge, and $100 of the room fee. Good effort, but not enough to make us want to stay there again. When we were checking out, the person said that "this renovation is really awful", running late, and was causing all sorts of customer problems. No kidding. In summary, for $499 (or even $400, our final room rate) this was deeply disappointing. The breakfast snafu, the construction, the lack of facilities, the dirty and stained public areas and the noisy rooms (we were on the 3rd floor) made this our least favorite hotel experience in years. The following night we had a night at the Holiday Inn Express in Salem OR for $110, and it was a MUCH better experience.