I went with a group of girls. To begin, they cancelled the wrong type of room (2 double beds) so we had a bed and a pullout sofa. However, that room wasn't available until after 6 p.m. (check in is at 3 p.m.) ... and we had 6:15 dinner reservations. The front desk told us it was because a cleaning person didn't show. But then a manager told us that wasn't correct and said she'd call us back. She never did. They did NOTHING to compensate for this despite multiple calls. When we got in that night, there were no sheets for the pullout. We called THREE times for sheets and still didn't have any. During one of those calls, the male manager asked if I was from South Carolina (I'm not) ... as if customer service only exists in the south! Then two of us went downstairs to the lobby (to yell at the manager) to get sheets. We still had to call a FOURTH time about 20 minutes later to get sheets! We finally got sheets at 2 a.m. Of course, that didn't make much difference because they put us in the worst rooms in the hotel: right across from the club (bar) ... like 6 feet away with no barrier door. The music and yelling in the hallway finally stopped at 3 a.m. The next day, my friend called to speak to a manager (again) about the previous day. There was no manager on site on a Saturday! However, whoever she talked to said that I had been "physically threatening" and for this reason they wouldn't accommodate us. Granted, I may have been verbally abusive after receiving zero customer service by almost 2 in the morning, but I'm 5'3" and weigh 110 pounds. If that manager--who I didn't touch--felt threatened by my physical presence, they need new staff! Additionally, the bathroom is tiny with only glass separating it from the room, the outlet that I searched high and low to find didn't charge my cell phone, something looked like it had been ripped off the wall, there's only one small mirror in the bathroom, the shower was difficult to turn on and once it was turned on didn't get very hot. STAY ELSEWHERE AND TAKE THE SUBWAY!