This was the worst hotel experience I have ever had in New York. I travel about 50 nights a year and have stayed in many New York hotels have never had a worse experience. We arrived at the hotel about 30 minutes before check-in and our room was not ready, but could upgrade for more money if we wanted a room early. We declined, we were already paying over $400 a night, and wanted to get out into the city, so we had them hold our luggage and came back at 5:00pm to check-in. We booked a non-smoking room and was given a room on the 8th floor that smelled like smoke and had cigarette butts on the roof below the window. I called down to the front desk and asked for a different room. The reply was is it really that bad? Can't you live with it? I said no, I want a room that doesn't reek like smoke. She said she would check and call back in a couple of minutes later. 15 minutes later when the bellman showed up with our luggage and still no phone call back, we decided just to go back downstairs. The bellman then asked why we were changing rooms and I said because it smells like smoke. He said, well, you are on the smoking floor in a smoking room. We get back downstairs and am told we can upgrade to a non-smoking room. I said we booked a non-smoking room. I was then informed it was a preference not a guarantee. I asked if he had any non-smoking in the category we booked available and he said maybe if I came back at 7:00pm. I said, no worries, I will just go to another hotel. Now it was, "wait just a minute, OK I have a non-smoking in your category". Wow, just amazing in 2 minutes it was now available. The room was the smallest room even for New York standards, smaller the a cabin on a cruise ship! The front desk staff acted like they were working on commission and tried to get us to pay for an upgrade several times and try to get us to pay for things we were not interested in. We were there for one night for an event, that I was then late for by the time we finally got into our room, over an hour to get a room after all the mess. All this for $400 a night! There are so many hotels in New York that the rooms are decent size, a front desk staff that is pleasant and helpful and not there to gouge you, and you should consider any other hotel before booking. For the price you should have accommodations of a 4 star hotel. This is a 2 star hotel that is putting more money into marketing then into the hotel.