I would like to tell my story about Eski Konak hotel. On 26 january I booked this hotel from site hostelworld.com for april , 2 rooms for 4 persons for 5 days, price for 1 double room was 40EURO . Next day I get confirmation, my credit card have been charged . 3 weeks ago I get this mail from manager of Eski Konak hotel : Your booking which you made via Hostelworld for Eski Konak Hotel has been canceled.As following details below; Check in : 08-April-2009 Check out :13-April-2009 Nights : 5 Rooms : 2 Double room Balance due : 351 Euro The reason of cancellation, Because we just realise that April is containing the Easter and Anzac day.So that time will be too busy,Ofcourse,when is busy here, We update special price for April period. I already have your booking details,And i didn?t cancel yet . If you don't want to me cancel your booking,You must pay extra which is 410 euro .plus 351 euro. Total payment on arrive will be 761 Euro for 5 nights 2 double room. including all taxes,breakfast and internet access. If you accept this agreement your booking will be acceptable. If not i am so sorry i have to cancel your booking. Please get contact to me back as soon as possible So I think its not normal situation, hotel made prices 2 times expensive after I get confirmation for other prices!!!!!! I could understand if Eski Konak hotel would let me to know about wrong prices next day after i get confirmation, but they did do it AFTER 3 WEEKS! And nobody have responsibility about anything! And this hotel  2stars and I think 80 EURO for room in 2 stars hotel in Turkey is it reasonable price? Is it not TO MUCH?!!!!! I contact with customer service of hostelworld by phone and by mail, this is my mail: Dear customer service! Eski konak hotels management was cancelled my booking XXXXXX with them own! How its could be possible?! I get my booking confirmation 3 week ago and my creditcard have been charged! Who will pay me this money? I have one question: prices on your site are not real? Many Customers have problems like me? AND I GET ANSWER: All reservations made on hostelworld.com are CONFIRMED and they can not be cancelled, under no circumstances, as they are confirmed from us. Also, all the prices that you see online are all real and added by the hotel itself. When a hotel sign up to work with us, they get a special program from which they can update their rooms prices and availability. This hotel unfortunately has cancelled your booking because they have made a mistake on writing the prices for the days you selected (as they said to you, the price should be higher). I have spoken with the owner of this hotel (which is in copy in this email with us) and he will accept your booking only if the price will be higher. If you dont want to accept that, I do inform you to make another reservation . So I dont understand: nobody can not cancel confirmed reservation , but they did do it!!! So now of course I will book another hotel and will use normal booking site , for example with booking.com or hotelboard never I didnt have problems like that!!! But 3 weeks ago I could find much more cheaper prices than now . Just I dont want other people have problem like me , thats why want to tell about my bad experience. Be careful with this hotel and site, may be next time Eski Konak hotels manager will decide to charge for double room in 2 stars hotel 160EUR , Who knows? Its good that I will have travel in april, so I have time to find another hotel. I see now i am not only one, reed other rewiews