For the recent Thanksgiving holiday, I drove my family from Virginia to Delaware to visit my 85 year old mother and take her out to a nice restaurant for Thanksgiving dinner. After the 125 mile trip through heavy traffic to Delaware, then another 50 mile drive to Ocean City, MD, we arrived at 2:30PM at the Dunes Manor Hotel for a 3PM Thanksgiving dinner reservation in the dining room. The men in my family were dressed nicely in jackets and ties, and the ladies wore dinner dresses. We had to wait about 20 minutes before the hotel staff was ready to begin seating the guests for the 3PM service. We were led through the bright dining room lined with windows overlooking the ocean to an adjoining seating area and told our table would be one located behind a solid barrier that blocked all view of the ocean and next to an exit and service area. I immediately objected to the host, but was told that the hotel assigns seating for Thanksgiving based on first-come, first-served (meaning those who call early apparently get the best seats in the dining room). The host explained that moving my family would mean others who hadn't arrived yet would get less desirable seating. At that time, nearly all of the tables in the oceanside part of the dining room were available. This seating system would have been perfectly fine we me had I been told of this "policy" when making the reservation. No doubt, we would have selected another place to enjoy Thanksgiving. I went to the front desk and asked to speak with the hotel manager. After waiting about 10 minutes, the manager arrived and was pleasant, but totally unsympathetic and reiterated the hotel seating "policy." I told her that we had visited the Dunes Manor twice before for Thanksgiving dinner and had a pleasant time while seated near the oceanside windows. I also told her that we would never return again due to the terrible seating location we had to endure. I explained to her that I could have selected any restaurant with a secluded seating, but had chosed the Dunes Manor because it offers a view of the ocean. She seemed totally unmoved. Since we felt captured at that point because finding an alternative restaurant at that late time would have been very difficult, we went ahead and ordered dinner. I spent the entire dinner fuming over the hotel staffs' lack of interest in ensuring their customers really enjoyed the holiday dinner. Instead, it seemed that the Dunes Manor has a system and sticks with it despite customer complaints. The food was average and and the waitress seemed pleasant, but was assigned too many tables as empty drink glasses went unfilled for quite some time. My mother and wife complained little until we departed the hotel, then told me that a salmon main dish one had was not completely cooked (raw in the middle) and the other was disappointed with the average taste of the meal. This experience totally ruined my enjoyment of the Thanksgiving holiday meal. Will I ever reserve a room at the Dunes Manor Hotel? ABSOLUTELY NOT!! Will I ever take my family to the Dunes Manor Hotel again for Thanksgiving dinner? Again, ABSOLUTELY NOT!! Will I ever recommend this hotel to friends and family, or for that matter total strangers, ABSOLUTELY NOT!! I will spend my time and money elsewhere.