I will start by saying we had a great time despite the problems and the smells. The front desk staff is extremely rude. Our room was not ready as promised. We had called early when we were an hour away and were assured that the room would be ready - it of course wasn't. They tried to give a room with a different view - with no price break - so we decided to wait - and wait we did. (The reason we called first was so we wouldn't be waiting, since I saw that people had problems) There was no sorry, just a surly attitude - so as we were waiting and waiting -- in the parking lot we saw a car with its window smashed. We told them there was a car with the window broken and asked if there is any type of security for the parking lots - all she said was hmm.. thats the first I heard of the broken window - but we're not responsible for your car. Just plain rude. We made sure to park in the front lot - not the side one. The hotel has an awful stale odor - a mix between a dog kennel and dead fish. The first elevator we got in was not working and hesitated a few times before the doors finally opened to let us out. Needless to say we used the stairs. We kept hearing the alarm. Once in the room - I will say that view was nice, but the room was hot and muggy. The tile floor - right when you walk in was damp & I almost killed myself when I slipped - and I was wearing boat shoes! Air conditioning was barely working - but at least we could open the door to try to air the place out. The room was also so smelly and run down. The bathroom is old and run down - the carpeting is stained and dirty - I didn't even dare sit on the couch. Walking around outside - what I ended up calling the ashtray -the place is covered in cigarette butts - but walking between the rooms and the pool - it even smelled bad outside - but more like urine! When we made it up to our room one morning after walking on the beach (which is nice - at least you can escape to the beach) our room cards would not open our room. So back downstairs to the rude front desk clerk. She barely said anything, called the maintenance guys and handed us new keys & said maybe these will work - it was like she thought she was going out of her way. The maintenance people were at least friendly and helpful, perhaps they should man the front desk. We travel a lot and normally I wouldn't complain, but the attitude and overall condition of the hotel was so appalling, I have never been treated more rudely. I know it's a Holiday Inn beach hotel - so we weren't expecting much - but I don't think we were expecting too much hoping to be treated in a friendly (even somewhat friendly would have been fine) manner and stay in a place with working air conditioning that doesn't smell foul. This place needs a lot of work and is severely lacking in customer service.