I love Ocean City and usually come down twice a year. I booked the Commander hotel for four nights. After reading the reviews and speaking with a friend who had recently stayed there who told me that her experience at the Commander was awful, I decided to cancel and stay somewhere else. I called to cancel and was told I would get a refund all but one night stay. Okay I understand this is policy and I was canceling six days before my scheduled date, so we decided to spend one night at the commander so we didn't lose any money. One extra night in Ocean City sounded great!!! I also wanted to see for myself if this hotel was as bad as its reputation. We had to check out of our hotel at 10:00 am. We could not check into the Commander until 3:00 pm. Understood we have some time to kill and we were hoping that maybe we could check in a little early because we have two small children.(I guess it was wrong of me to expect them to be a little hospitable) Alright we spend all day killing time, I called the commander around 1:30 to see if maybe our room might be ready. No Luck, but the kind lady at the front desk said we can park (three blocks away across a busy highway) and use the pool. Alright we will make the best of it, we parked got the kids dressed and hung out at the pool. 3:00 came and by this time we just want to go to our room, lay the kids down for a nap and relax. No our room is not ready yet. We were told by the kind lady at the desk that the most rooms are clean they were just waiting for them to be inspected but that have no clue how long it will be..... I was in the same boat as the other 25-30 people waiting in the lobby. I was a little disappointed but hey what can you do. Okay a half hour goes by and the nice lady at the front desk is replaced by a mean, unsympathetic older lady. I was told by other guest she was the manager, if that was true I can't imagine who would hire her as a manager she was rude and just downright unpleasant. So now forty-five minutes go by and rooms are starting to become available. A older gentleman just walks in cuts everyone off who have been waiting goes right up to the counter and says he booked five rooms and would like to be checked in. I bet your thinking she told him as soon as she gets to all the others who have been waiting, Nope she checks him in while everyone else is still waiting. In the meanwhile a guest came own and said they have been waiting quite a while for service, another employee at the desk tells him they know he needs service but 73 guest checked out today and they will get to him when they can. HELLO your a hotel, you know in advance how may people are checking in and out you should be prepared!!! Twenty five minutes later still waiting, the man with the five rooms is still at desk and his family keeps rolling in and going off to their rooms. The man is still checking in when his family members are now coming back down heading strait up to the counter, their keys were not working...... I had enough, I walked up to the desk kindly asked to cancel my room and for a refund. I didn't know if my room was ready yet or not, at this point I didn't care. The so called manager didn't say one word to me. Just grabbed my card out of my hand, I told her my name and she processed the refund and handed it back to me. No apology, No is there anything we can do to make this better, Nothing, not a word. I wish I cold give a review about the accommodation of this hotel, I wish I got to see more of this hotel but all I got to see was the lobby and the pool which looked nice. Overall It was very disappointing.