First of all, I initially made our reservations online for a family vacation....and, was leary to click on the "confirm" button due to previous reviews. This was my first mistake!! I thought, how bad could it really be & submitted the reservation & made the deposit ($253.00) .... I received a print out of our confirmation (very generic) .. so I placed a follow-up call to the hotel prior to departing for our trip. I spoke w/Pat, who was very curt & rude. Upon arriving at the hotel, who checked us in ... none other than PAT!! Yes! So, I asked to see the room, as I always do, .. Well, .. upon entering the room, it was dark, dreary, dirty and stunk! Not to mention, it was very 'make-shift' ... old, out-dated furniture, dingy linens, and a bakers rake held the very outdated, small TV. I was appalled! For the monies they were charging, I was expecting much more! The lobby was the nicest part of the hotel but the rooms and hallways and customer service did NOT exemplify the same!! So, ... I chose to "shop" around .. afterall, if you're going to spend 2g for the week for a family vacation, the room & hotel should offer something more than stink, dirt, gloom & poor customer service!! We found a wonderful hotel right down the street for less money & that offered sooo much more for our money!! The Grand Stow-away Hotel is AWEOME! Their rooms are spacious, bright, clean & their staff is curteous & all around wonderful!! We went back to the Commander to cancel our reservation. Again, Pat was very rude!! She informed me I would not be getting a refund and asked me to step around to the side of the desk & the supervisor would speak w/me -- (there were customers checking in). So, I stepped around to the side. She met me at the doorway. Again, I asked for a refund b/c their website was very misleading - their rooms were dirty, dark & I was NOT comfortable staying there. She again very rudely stated, "Well, we are not giving your money back" ... and, then she stated her supervisor was on a call and she'd be with me in a moment. So, I proceeded to educate other consumers about their service & their facilities... Pat opened the door & informed me I was being recorded and that I would have to leave the premises or they were calling the police. I instructed her that as an educated consumer I had every right to express my opinion per the consumer advocate act & per our constitution. I did leave the premises w/o being refunded. We very much enjoyed our stay at the Grand Hotel! I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!! And, I want other families to understand the way this facility operates, especially during our rough economic times! Do NOT stay or stay at your own risk!!!