I contacted the hotel in early June and reserved an oceanfront rm for 4 nights at the end of August. I specified that I wanted an oceanfront rm with the standard lay-out as pictured on the website, where you enter the bedrm area, then there is a small kitchenette, and then the living area on the oceanfront w/balcony, as I knew I would have to work some while there and wanted the distance btwn the bedrm. and living area to be set away from my teenager while I had to work. When I got to the hotel I had been assigned a corner oceanfront room on floor 2. This is the exact type of room I did NOT want, as it is one small efiiciency-type room, with no division at all btwn. the beds and living area. Also, it had only 1 TV instead of 2, and the website advertises 2 for oceanfront rooms (one in bedrm and one in living area). The rm. was very hot (due to being a corner rm?) and wouldn't cool down in over 1 hr. Also, the rm looked right out onto the lo-n-g and wide roof of the restaurant, w/the beach in the distance- not exactly the oceanfront view I paid for. I talked to the manager who said there were no other rms and that he could not move me until the next day, and even then he did not know if another oceanfront rm. would be available. He tried to tell me that my rm. was an oceanfront rm., even though I had specified that I did NOT want a corner room and that I had to have the other separated layout and was told I would get it when I reserved. I checked out and went down the street 2 blocks to the wonderful Holiday Inn Oceanfront. More expensive, but guess what- I got a real oceanfront rm. there and they didn't try to pretend I had something different. Beware- Commander may try to pass off these much smaller corner efficiency-type rooms on you (w/one TV and absolutely no separation btwn the beds and living areas, and lokking out over the roof of the bar/restaurant- totally different than the oceanfront pics on the website) when you are paying for a real oceanfront room like the ones pictured on the website. Even if you specify that you do not want a coner room beforehand. It was a big hassle to have to unload the car in the heat, move in the hot room, deal w/this, and then move out to another hotel after this hassle and being told I HAD been given the right type of room when I had not.