I had a presentation to do for my business to. If all went as planned it would have been very lucrative for my business. I was the only one this presentation featured. In other words if I was late it would have made me and my professionalism look VERY BAD because no one would be there to cover me. I made sure I was going to arrive 1hr early to my event in order to set up and make sure everything was going to work as planned. Nobody informed me about a convention on Saturday morning, the morning of my presentation, where the valet would take 45min-1hr to get my truck out of the valet. I told the Valet staff and manager my predicament after about 10minutes of waiting, after 20minutes I realized I was being ignored, and reprioritized. After 1/2 hour I started DEMANDING someone bring my vehicle! I was told it was on its way. I let everyone on the staff there know my situation and NOBODY could get me my vehicle. I even saw them bring people their car that had arrived 20minutes after me. I was now beginning to wonder if my truck had been stolen and this was their way of stalling so I DEMANDED to be taken to my vehicle. As I was getting ready to step in to a ride to the structure my vehicle was at it came around the corner. This was about 50-55 minutes from my original time I gave them my ticket to pick up my vehicle. Needless to say I was late to my presentation, my business suffered because of the irresponsibility of your staff, and made me look completely unprofessional to prominent, professional, future clients. THANKS! This was the absolute worst experience I have EVER had at a hotel! I had many other options of places to stay that night. I chose to use your chain because the price and location were right. I would have paid in the thousands of dollars for a room at another hotel in order to make it to my presentation on time because the $ amount of business lost could be around $10,000 or more. I delt with everyone involved in this situation including Mr. Marriotts personal assistant. They ALL told me my situation was of no importance to them and they ALL said they would do nothing in the way of compensation! DO NOT STAY HERE OR ATG ANY OTHER MARIOTT HOTEL!!! THEY ABSOULTLLY DO NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS!!!