I sure wish I did NOT book a hotel from Priceline (especially using their name-your-own-price option), the few dollars we saved were just not worth it 9 nights of nightmare, April 1 - 10! (Nope, Priceline won't entertain any complaints or hotel replacement.) 1. The first thing that greeted us when we entered the room was a big cigarette burn hole on the curtain. After informing Priceline and the hotel about that glaring hole, they did not replaced the curtain - not even till the day we left  9 nights later. And this is a smoke-free hotel! That's just the beginning of more lousy things to come from this 4-star hotel! 2. The mini-bar (fridge) looks as ugly as the cabinet that housed it - and it does not work. I was informed by their staff that ALL the mini-fridges in ALL their rooms do NOT work! (Mind you, this is supposed to be a 4-star, world-famous hotel chain with a rack rate of US$169 and up + tax per night !) 3. Everything in the room looks dated because they are very old. The furniture and doors are full of scratches! And if you are expecting Westin-type of beds, you would be extremely disappointed. To be fair, the beds are fine - if it is a Motel 6. Their pillows must be the smallest pillows available in the hotel industry! 4. The TV is at least 15 years old! I know this for a fact as I bought my first flat-screen Sony Wega TV when it was introduced around the mid-90s - yes, the TV in my room is of a much older generation with curved screen! (But at their lobby, they have 2 new-looking, huge plasma TVs. Talk about misleading ads.) 5. No free wireless Net access. Not even in the lobby. 6. Worst of all? The DO not always tell you when your packages arrive! You'll have to check with them daily. They actually told me that I have NO packages when I had 2. Yes, it happened to me  twice in my short stay! 7. To be fair, the ventilation fan in the bathroom works really well, ditto that for their rain shower. 8. The following won't apply to you if you don't mind drinking tap water or paying US$4 per 500 ml bottle of water and if you don't mind taking a cab to almost everywhere as the closest subway station is about 5 to 6 blocks away. Nearest grocery store: 20 minutes walk or US$7 + tip cab fare away. Coming back will be uphill all the way. (The buses that stop near the hotel and run frequently stop running at 6.30 p.m.) The Westin, just opposite this hotel offers their guest free shuttle to many places. To add insult to injury, there are many other better hotels you can stay for less! And those hotels don't fool you by calling themselves a 4-star establishment.