I usually rarely complain much about hotel rooms, but this place really took the price. When we came to check in the front desk guy reminded us that we would be getting the "not yet remodeled room", and claimed we already had been notified about that. No where did we see this mentioned when we booked the hotel room or was told about that. We went up to look at the room, and it was disgusting and looked like a room that hadn't seen maintenance or updating in 50 years. It smelled like the doors and windows had been closed for just as long. We complained about this room, because it was in a completely unacceptable unliveable state. I've never in my life seen as bad a room as this (and I've been to some shady places in my life). We got moved to a remodeled room. While this was better, the state of this room is what I would have been expecting from a room that's "not yet remodeled". There were several items that were more or less broken. Not so broken that it didn't work, but so broken that I would never rent out a room in that state. Generally it felt like nothing is repaired until it's completely broken. Electrical outlets was missing cover plates, wires were coming out of the walls, the aircondition cover was knocked half-way off and had a power cable across the floor to an uncovered outlet. Holes in the ceiling, termite infested walls. Several of these things are as far as I know illegal! The iron was missing, and I requested one. One was fairly quickly delivered, but it had burnmarks on the bottom (would have left ugly stains on your clothes). I filled it with water and plugged it in, and minutes later noticed that the water was pouring out and down the wire. I got this replaced with a completely new one, but it's a good example of the hotel only replacing stuff when it gets completely broken, and not fixing stuff that's dangerous or unpresentable. Some things had been fixed, but done in a way where there was lots of original (old) interior, combined with new replaced cheap stuff which wasn't true to the original interior (which is a shame because this could have made it a really cool 70s style hotel). I would NOT stay there EVER again. Who ever manages this hotel it cutting so many corners, that he/she should be banned from running anything building-related.