When I booked this room over two months ago I requested to stay on a higher non smoking floor. After we checked in just before midnight (as our train had been delayed; and we were exhausted) we were put in a smoking room on a smoking floor. My family and I are all allergic to smoke, we tried to just put it past us but after about an hour we could barely breathe and my sister could not stop sneezing. Just before we went to bed, we checked the sheets and found two brown bugs in the sheets!!! We called the front desk told her exactly what happened. She argued back and told us they could not be bed bugs and told us we were probably seeing things and pretty much called us liars to our faces. She kept telling us there is no other rooms (ya right, people checked in after us and got rooms), and honestly at this point we were ready to pack up our stuff and leave; even though our room was pre-paid. After MANY MANY attempts to beg and ask for another room she finally put us on the east tower into a smaller room with only one bed for four people? As you can imagine it was so so uncomfortable; but we could just not stay in a room with bugs. The lady at the front promised to upgrade our room to the highest floor and a nicer room. With this promise we stuck it out through the night. Well the Next day our upgrade was to a lower floor and a filthier older room. When we went downstairs to talk to the manager he/she was always on a break or never available. When I finally did get a chance to talk to her she was super rude and just told me that we kept changing rooms and when I tried to explain that we can not sleep in a smoking room due to allergies her response was " we do not ever ask guests whether they want a smoking or non-smoking room, it is not our responsibility" When i told her about the bed bugs her response was " you cant assume they are bed bugs u can't see them with a human eye!" Well excuse me I am a nurse I have had a course on bed bugs, I have had training and I know how to check. Never in my entire life have I ever been treated this way by hotel staff, the worst part is she did not even appologize, or even sound like she cares. If you stay here dont expect much except for rude staff who don't care about your stay or your experience in their hotel. Honestly my opinion is that if you pre-pay for a room, you get treated like crap, why should they care you have already paid? And if that is not true Beekman Hotel you should really put your staff through a customer service training or hire some new employees who dont hate their job. This the impression of this hotel I am left with, and would not recommend anyone to stay here.