It's a disgrace that some company is making money on this hotel. Obviously, the owners do not care about guests except as a way to pay off their monetary investment. While it may be "budget" for NYC--at nearly $200/night--this hotel is a shabby excuse for even "low-cost" accommodations. We arrived in the morning via "red-eye"plane, having paid for the room starting the night before .The hotel staff knew we'd arrive in the morning after booking and paying for the previous night. Perhaps this meant we were allotted the worst room in the hotel (because people who arrived earlier got better rooms--first come, first served). Perhaps it was because we booked via Hotwire ($143--no bargain as it turned out) . It was room 3G. Our window view onto First Ave was of scaffolding, dirty cigarette butts swimming in puddles on the ledge, and that sharp spikey wire that is used to keep birds from alighting. We should have taken it as a warning to keep humans away as well. The lobby is dark, gloomy and dreary. Surely you can keep that Retro, genuine 1920s wood panel and beautiful antique clock, with some spiffing up or a coat of light -color paint? This was faded and gloomy, without a hint of charm. One doorman /assistant Henry was helpful , cheerful, and pleasant (quite a challenge in that atmosphere). He greeted a housekeeper , who responded with a scowl. Another doorman was asked by the receptionist to call a cab. The cab never came, and we couldn't even ask if it had been called, as he quickly disappeared from his post in the entry hall. The queen-siae bed was surprisingly comfortable--unless we were so tired after a sleepless night on the plane that we didnt notice. it was a 5 or 6 inch height mattress--the kind that are rarely seen any more (in keeping with the antique look?) . NO bedbugs. The mattress pad was old and tattered. Towels and blanket had small holes in them, but were clean. Check out time is noon. At 9 am we were awoken by pounding on the door. "When are you leaving?!!" Perhaps the housekeeper was shocked that anyone would want to stay past the early morning hours. Room cleanliness: kitchenette and bathroom clean to the naked eye. Disillusionment set in once in bed, staring up at a large, black cobweb on the ceiling--the kind that has been attracting soot for some time. As we checked for things we might have left under the bed, we found someone else's things left behind--some trash which had been missed. Room size: minute. NYC is known for small rooms, but this was beyond the norm. There was a small kitchenette but no table or chairs. The only place to eat would have been on the bed. Minimal utensils, but there was a corkscrew-- perfect for the needs of guests ready to hit the wine bottle at the idea of an overnight in Room 3G! Furniture: French provincial style, circa 1960. The mattress and pad dated from that era too, I assume. Bathroom: cute and typical NYC apt size. it would be nice if the owners could spring for one bathtub-size curtain, instead of two separate stall shower curtains which left g a big gap in the middle, No liner curtain, so shower water made a pond on the floor queen size bed barely fit. there was a kitvhenette, but othig to eat on. We went from this hotel to one three blocks away that cost about $35 more per night and was about 30 times better. The front desk staff seem to really care about the guests. There is one young lady who works in the afternoons/evenings and she is delightful. Natasha, in the morning, is calm and professional and attentive. They are rays of brightness in this grey gloomy place. Please , if you are in NYC for pleasure, choose another hotel. I love New York, and I'd hate for anyone to have to come back after a wonderful day out, to a room like we had. Even two days was two too many.