$724 for 3 nights in NYC and the hotel has a mouse! This hotel was rated a 3 star. I booked for 3 people, and got a room with one small double bed and a pullout couch. The pullout couch was in such bad condition that you could not sleep with it pulled out. The couch folded up was not much better. After I booked i saw reviews online about this hotel which stated that the hotel was dirty and there a few comments about mice. I called up hotwire right away and the hotwire associate was unbelievably out of line. I told him about the reviews, letting him know that perhaps the condition of the hotel was not the same as it was when hotwire first partnered with the hotel or gave it its star rating. When I mentioned the mouse he told me "Look I have watched 20/20 and I know all about how everywhere has mice." How can it be acceptable to have a 3 star hotel with mice. This hotel would probably have been great 30-40 years ago in its art deco glory. But there has clearly not been any renovations or upgrades in at least 15 years. I cannot fault the hotel, since with any quick search of the hotel your know what you are getting your self into, the reviews don't lie. I can only fault hotwire.They claim that you will have a hotel with a specific rating, and that it will be comparable to reputable named hotels. This did not live up to the hotwire description. Booking with hotwire leaves you helpless. You have NO power at the hotel to complain about the conditions since you have already paid. This hot is old, do not expect frills. The carpets are weathered and worn, the couches are uncomfortable, the beds are hard. This hotel is also loud. First room was 2H this faces 1st AVE, loud street noise. Then we were switched to 5AII, this room had less street noise but the toilet would run constantly. I would say if you are looking to book a hotel do not book here, I am sure you can find something better. the trip in from Jersey would be well worth it! But if you were like me and booked through Hotwire and did not choose this hotel, but are stuck with it, I saw just be prepared. I made my self sick after reading reviews, hoping they were not true, but fearing they probably were. My tips would be: Do NOT bring ANY food into the room so the mice won't stick around. Keep your luggage zipped up even if its on a table, the mouse in our room was on teh table! Bring ear plugs. Ask to switch rooms, some will be better than others. The restaurant is nice, and they give out free breakfast vouchers to solve all problems so take advantage of that. Good luck and sorry if anyone else gets roped into this hotel by hotwire. I will say that the Beekman staff overall were nice, and really this hotel is just bad so if you book there it is what it is so to some degree i Do not fault the beekman staff. The star rating should for sure be downgraded though.