First, the service: My husband and I booked our hotel room on Hotwire in January 2008 for three nights in March. The room was for us and three children, so we thought we better call to make sure the room was going to be able to accommodate us all. We called the next day and were told by the Beekman employee on the phone that we currently only had a room with one queen bed reserved, however for an additional $30 per night, we could upgrade to a one-bedroom suite with a queen bed and fold out couch, so we did. When we arrived at the Beekman, we signed a piece of paper at the front desk that said one-bedroom suite, however the room was anything but. It was a tiny room with one bed and small kitchenette and thats it. Barely enough room for a roll-away. So we went back down to the front desk and told the gentleman there was a mistake, that we had reserved a one-bedroom suite. He said they were totally booked for that night, apologized, and started calling around to other hotels in Manhattan to send us to. Our assumption is that since we arrived at the hotel late at night, they gave our one-bedroom suite away to someone else. Anyway, he gave us a letter that was addressed to the Affinia Manhattan Hotel and $20 cab fare and told us that this Affinia Hotel could accommodate us for that night and to come back the next day and the Beekman would have a suite ready for us for the next two nights. So we took the cab to the Affinia Hotel, only to find out that they could not accommodate five people either. So they sent us back to the Beekman and our only choice was to take the tiny room and deal with it. The Beekman offered to pay for the cab fare to and from the Affinia Hotel, free breakfast the next morning, and the first nights reservation free. We went up to the tiny room, they brought us a roll-away and my husband and I slept on the floor. The next morning we packed up and went down to the front desk to have them hold our bags for the day and make sure they really did have a suite ready for us that night and the next. The woman (Heather) was rude, patronizing, and of course we had to explain the ENTIRE story to her, as she knew nothing about the situation, and she was not the least bit empathetic. She assured us we had a suite booked for that night and the next. So we went out for the day, and came back later and sure enough, the suite was awaiting us. This room was much more spacious. We still had to get a roll-away, but at least nobody had to sleep on the floor. Much to our dismay, when we received the bill on the third morning, they charged us for the breakfast, the cab fare, and three upgrade fees at $60 each. After complaining to the front desk (to whom we AGAIN had to explain the whole story) they took off one upgrade fee, the breakfast and the cab fare. We now have a mysterious $16 charge on our credit card that we can only assume is for the roll-away, as we had no parking charges because we didnt have a car. I cant muster up the energy to call about that at this point. We prepaid Hotwire for all three nights, so I am assuming the first night free promise will never materialize. Now, for the rooms: Dirty. Very old and dirty. The bathroom fixtures and appliances were in desperate need of an upgrade, there was mold on the bathroom wall around the window, the floors were dirty and the carpet was bunching up and folding in places (obviously needs replaced), the water was brown when we first turned it on in the shower, just all kinds of problems. The heating/cooling unit was also difficult to deal with. The one bed hotel room (the first night) was especially old and dirty. Hotwire has this hotel rated a three-star. I can only assume the rating is based on the lobby and the location alone. Everything else was a mess. The only good thing about the rooms was the kitchenette. That was decent. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, nor will I ever stay here again. The location was okay, the restaurant across the street called the Nations Caf (I believe) was very good and the service there was wonderful. Do not stay here if you have ANY other options, and if you do have to stay here, call to confirm your reservation and get the persons name you speak with. Without that, youre obviously a liar, according to the front desk personnel.