Disrespected from the moment I checked in.  I made a reservation on Dec. 10, 2005, for a room in May 2006. Despite confirming four times that I had a room with two double beds they tried to give me a king upon check in. I was with my sister when I checked in so it was obvious why I needed two beds. They said I could have two double beds on the smoking floor, I do not smoke. I persisted and suddenly something became available. Yeah, right. My coworker checked in later that night and he was alone and did not request double beds when he made the reservation, but they had no problem giving him two double beds. Hmmm. The room was stinky, like a bad mildew and the concierge would not give me matches to light a small travel candle. While I was talking to the concierge about the smell he started helping another couple who had arrived at the concierge desk after me. I was still talking and he completely ignored me and started talking to someone else. I could not believe it. I also complained about the fact that the hotel's website says all guest rooms have pillow top mattresses, but my room did not. The concierge said someone would get back to me. No one got back to me. I complained again the morning I was to check out and the Manager on Duty tried to blame the missing pillow top on housekeeping. I was there five nights and there are two beds. I highly doubt housekeeping would make the same mistake so many times consecutively in the same room. My room also has trash underneath the beds from a prior guest. I don't expect the room had a complete cleaning for a long time. On top of it all one of the doormen called my sister a ----- and I received a very early morning wake up call that I did not ask for. When I checked out I attempted to get some sort of compensation for all the problems and the hotel told me my travel agent would be in charge of that. I don't see how my travel agent would be in charge of assessing a discount or some sort of compensation like that. The kept saying they were sorry, but it was pretty obvious they cared more about getting as much of my money as possible instead of trying to hang on to a potential return guest. When I left the hotel a doorman, for the first time during my whole stay, tried to help me with my bags and told him not to and he demanded he must put my bags in the car himself because he's union. The doormen were so lazy and crude. Basically the hotels stinks, quite literally. I paid a discount rate of $235 and it wasn't worth it. Go to the Palace or the Regency.