Look elsewhere - rated too high! I really don't understand the high praise of this hotel.I stayed at Sofitel and Casablanca for 3 nights each. The Sofitel is incredible. Casablanca is dreadful. They were the same rate but the Sofitel was sold out and I believed the positive feedback on this site. This was our honeymoon. Sofitel gave us an upgrade and champagne, Casablance did nothing - not even an acknowledgement. Even though, when I called to book the room, the manager said that we would be upgraded.Run down, musty smelling, staff clueless, poor service.Asked for a room away from the street, due to massive construction. Got upstairs and room was facing the street. Called the desk and someone brought a key for another room. Instead of helping, he took the only elevator, so we had to wait for it to come back up. Went to room 308, had a view of razor wire and paint buckets. I turned off the A/C and the loud sound did not go away. Outside, were huge A/C units from other buildings.We couldn't even use one of the rare electrical outlets, it was so worn that the cord would fall out. The TV, lamps, bed, ceiling fan, A/C were so outdated, we were disgusted and longed for the Sofitel.Bathroom had small pedestal sink and toilet was positioned so that you could not even sit on it without puting your legs to the side. The water pressure and temperature in the shower was inconsistent.The internet did not work in the room, neither the wireless, nor the ethernet cable that was in the room. Instead of the staff resolving the problem, they gave us a phone number and said we would not be charged for the called. Upon checkout, they tried to charge us for the call. We had to ask for the manager to remove the charge. The internet never did work, so we had to go to the common room where breakfast was served to use the internet.The food was mediocre and the breakfast staff had loud, annoying conversations instead of clearing tables. Breakfast was essentially ordinary pastries and cereal. There were cheese and crackers and generic wines in the evening.I asked the front desk for a pizza place near by. We never found it. The next day we happened to walk by it - he had given us wrong directions even though it was only 1 block away.Location was too close to the crowds of Times Square, Very disappointed with this hotel and it took the fun out of our trip. Really becoming very skeptical of the feedback on this site.