Just awful The trip was a surprise for my husbands 30th birthday and I was very excited to be staying at the Casablanca after reading all of the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. I had planned a car to collect us at the airport, a bottle of champagne in the room and I'd also asked the hotel to store a birthday cake overnight which was being delivered the day before my husbands birthday. I had e-mailed/telephoned the hotel on several occasions to confirm these arrangements.The champagne wasn't in our room when we arrived (Thursday) but I wasn't too bothered, these things happen. I went to the front desk and asked for it to be put in our room while we were out on Saturday (husbands birthday) I also confirmed that the birthday cake was being delivered the next day (Friday) and checked again than it was ok be stored overnight then put in the room along with the champagne on Saturday. I watched the gentleman at the front desk write this down so other members of staff were aware. Obviously this wasn made clear enough despite e-mails, telephone conversations and the conversation I had once we arrived at the hotel because while we were in our room on Friday the birthday cake was brought up and my husband opened the door and the surprise was totally ruined. Then on Saturday we had stopped off at the hotel in the afternoon to drop off shopping bags and to rest our feet for half an hour and while I was sat reading a mouse ran across the room. My husband telephoned the front desk who sent someone up and when he removed the radiator cover there was a mouse trap under there so obviously they were aware they had a problem but still kept selling the room. We were moved to the room next door which I wasn happy about because as far as I could see then if a mouse could get into one room then it could get into the one next door. We complained and were told that we would have to stay in that room for one night but could be moved to another room for the last two nights of our trip. We were really not comfortable with that so asked what else could be done. We were then told that we could move to a sister hotel (The Library) but would have to pay $50 - $70 more per night. I found this to be a very rude and insulting suggestion. They were trying to make more money out of us! Why should we be made to pay more just to ensure there weren rodents in our room?They telephoned the manager (whose cell was turned off as e doesn work weekends? and then after about half an hour and a confrontation at the front desk they agreed that we could move to the other hotel for the same rate we had at the Casablanca and they would also only charge us for one of the nights we had stayed and not both of them. They would also pay for a taxi to take us to the LibraryWe spent approx 2 hours trying to sort this out, and then a further 1.5hrs moving and unpacking again not an ideal way for my husband to spend what was supposed to be a memorable birthday but, thanks to the Casablanca, will now be memorable for all the wrong reasons. We had a very disappointing stay at the Casablanca. The only thing they got right was the car was waiting for us to collect us at the airport but even then I was charged more than the quote I was given by the Casablanca and we had to wait 20 mins to get on a bus before we actually got to the car. Definately won't be staying here again! Thanks Casablanca for ruining my husbands surprise birthday trip which I had spent months planning.