The Marrakesh hotel is in Harlem although said to be upper west side it is infact just inside Harlem itself, so that in itself was not a good start. There was just a doorway on the street and led straight up stairs with dirty carpet and no lift or any way to get your luggage up apart from lugging them up yourself. The staff were friendly and approachable on check in. Upon going into my room the first thing was that it was very small with one very small double bed when we had been told would be two. The bedside cabinet was dirty and broken with no access to drawer. The phone didnt work, there were no hangers and the bed creaked very badly. The view from the window was of a brick wall immediately outside. The carpet was dirty and generally the entire room was grubby. There was no safe in the rooms exept for in reception. We asked for an iron and were bought some ice (about 20 mins later). Told them we ordered an iron and not ice and an hour later had to ask reception again, ending up going to housekeeping and getting one ourselves. Then we saw something on the headboard of the bed. I got some tissue and grabbed it and took it to reception, not sure what it was. Reception confirmed it was a cockroach, we told them we were not happy and would not stay in the room, so they moved us to another room at the other end of the hotel which was adequate but still small and shabby and meant climbing 5 flights of stairs with out luggage. Before leaving the room the first room there were two more cockroaches to be seen. The hotel said and l quote 'We do not have a problem with cockroaches', well they may not but I DO!! We moved to the other room as it was late by this time but did not sleep at all. (After being up for 36 hours travelling). In the morning phoned my travel agent to get me out of there and find me another hotel. which they did and we moved to the lower east side in the Bentley hotel which was amazing and perfect. So my advice would be avoid the Marrakesh hotel at all costs, its a terrible, dirty shabby hotel with dim lighting that covers a multitude of sins, including the cockroaches that 'they dont have a problem with' :-(. Not a good first day in my first holiday in ten years. 4 Star?, more like minus 4 star.