I am the type of person who reads bad reviews with a grain of salt. Which is why I went ahead and stayed in the Marrakech in Oct 07. I thought the photos looked nic & cool and thought the bad reviews were probably written by disgruntled guests or competitors. I wasn't going to write this, as I thought others would think the same thing. Also don't want to create bad karma. But truth is, it's been weighing on my conscious because it's a health concern and this problem is not something that I would want anyone to deal with unnecessarily, if my writing this could help. (I would never stay there again anyway, by the way, because unfortunately the rooms did not live up to the portrayal on their website. I will not go into those details here though) The bedbugs came home with me and caused me a week or two of hell. I received a crash course in bedbug education. I will share some of it here -- When a place has bedbugs it takes a huge effort and commitment on the part of a hotel to rid the problem, and they may not be able to completely. I do not have much confidence in this hotel's management to be so thorough, based on the other things I saw there. Some rooms may have them and some not. If some guests do not have problems it does not mean the other complaints were invalid. They were lucky to get a room/bed that were not infested. The bedbugs can easily travel to another room if chased out of one. Bedbugs for some reason can bite one person in a bed but not another. They seem to favor females more than males. If you did come home with them, here are examples of what I had to do to control the problem (i.e. you don't want to have to do all this if not necessary!): - put suitcase and everything that traveled with me in my bedroom, sealed the room and set off bug bomb - everything that came with me that could be washed in hot water was washed. - all bed linens and curtains washed in hot water - everything else had to be sealed in plastic bags and cannot be opened for 1-2 years - suitcase straight out to garage where will stay 1-2 years - bought steam cleaner, steamed bed frame, mattress and springs, cracks along edges of bedroom floor (luckily I have hardwood), all bedroom furniture especially cracks & crevices - bought very expensive special covers for mattress, bedsprings, pillows - put on and then sealed zippers w/ duct tape - moved bed so doesn't touch walls or other furniture, put vaseline on legs and placed legs in cups filled w/ mineral oil - treated my pets w/ flea treatment (believed that may help prevent them from harboring bedbugs) I won't go into rationale/ explanations for all above as will be too long, but they can easily be found doing a web search. You can find photos online if you need to compare to see if what you have looks like bedbug bites. Took about 2 weeks for the bites to clear, Luckily now seems to be under control but it was huge effort and I have some of my favorite clothes and other items that are sequestered in plastic bags for another year or 2. Also made visit to ER as I initially didn't know what these bites were, had never had them before. The doctor told me that looked like bedbugs. Also, when you go to a hotel: ask to see room before checking in. Pull off sheets and inspect bare mattress. Should not see any streaks of blood or dark streaks (bug excrement - sorry). Once in a room, just in case leave your suitcase far away from bed. the bugs don't usually travel far from bed where their meals are, so it reduces the chance of them crawling in your suitcase, on a plane, and into your home. To be safe, wash everything you can as soon as you come home and put your suitcase someplace such as a garage if possible. I read bedbugs had been virtually irradicated early in the 1900's with DDT, but as we know DDT was outlawed and there has been a slow comeback of the bedbug. Anyone who travels or lives in an apartment building has to be aware and prepared to prevent and treat this problem. GOOD LUCK!