My friend & I arrived, from the UK, at the hotel at 10-45pm and were both exhausted so were desperate for a bed to sleep in! We were a little put off by the 'not so grand' entrance with 2 door men both with walkie talkies. We carried our own bags up the steep, dark stair case & were keeping an open mind (after having read awful reviews on here!). The girl at reception took a look at the pc to check us in, there was obviously a problem & she made up a fib that the pc's were playing up and could we take a seat for a moment! She promptly disappeared! After sitting for about 10-15mins alarm bells starting ringing for us! and we were getting rather annoyed -but whilst we were sitting there a steady stream of guests were coming to reception to complain about everything from heating to the lack of comfort/room in their bed! This didn't look good! Eventually another receptionist came back with the girl that tried to check us in to say that even though we had booked a room with 2 doubles in it, they hadn't got one and could only give us 1 room each -very promptly the two doormen appeared to chaperone us to our 2 separate bedrooms, which I might add were on different floors on completely separate parts of the hotel. My room, 4 flights up the dark horrid stairs, was in the older part & I really wasn't impressed. First night in NYC, never been there before & I wasn't happy to be separated from my friend so went to find her room. It wasn't as bad & had quite obviously been refurbished more recently than my room, the only problem is the heating was on full blast & there was no way of controlling it. We decided to share the one room & one bed in the end - which wasn't satisfactory really. After dropping our bags off we went down for a drink (We needed one desperately after being so disappointed with this hotel) & found 2 English couples who WERE sharing a 2xdouble room- they had been out all day come back to their room & found a couple making love in the bed they had been in the night before & there was no sign of any of their suitcases/clothes etc!!!!! We were horrified! They hadn't even checked out! Lucily we had just vacated one double room so they had at least one bed for the night, but the staff were planning on moving one of the couples to another hotel! Haven't a clue what had happened to their cases though! I have been all round the world and have never seen things like this happening in hotels. After a terrible nights sleep, noisy heating, noisy guests, uncomfortable bed and heating so hot that you felt like you were in the tropics with no ac - we got up extremely early & went down town (one plus point - the subway is just outside! about the only plus point I guess) we went into the thirty-thirty hotel to look at one of their rooms- that made our decision easy - we caught the subway back, went on the internet at The Marrakech and found a good deal on the Holiday Inn, near China Town, promptly checked out and flagged down the first cab! Best thing we did! despite having already paid for this hotel there is no way we could've stayed their another night - it was dismal and horrid and would've ruined our weekend. SO UNLESS YOU ARE REALLY TRYING TO GO TO NYC ON A VERY LOW BUDGET - DON'T GO TO THIS HOTEL!! YES, THE WEBSITE LOOKS FAB AND YOU THINK YOU ARE GOING TO GET SOMETHING REALLY DIFFERENT AND MAYBE A LITTLE UNUSUAL!! UNUSUAL IS DEFINITELY THE WORD! BUT IN A BAD WAY.........Ummm....... Our advice! Spend a little extra and go for one of the bigger, slightly more luxury hotels downtown and have somewhere to look forward to collapsing into bed at the end of your exhausting day sight seeing and shopping!