I made a last minute same day trip plans and booked this hotel without reading the reviews nor the specs on the hotel... Everytime I travel I always ask for dble beds meaning 2 beds in the room. I have a son that goes to all my trips with me. I get into NY on the 20th of January late at night get to the hotel and check in. I get the key and when I open the room it has only one bed and very small I go back to the front desk and tell the clerk there must be an error I asked for double he said yes thats what you got... I said well I meant double beds 2 in a room he said "well mam thats a common misleading on travelocity we always get that error but that room is called a Quad it will be $20 more per night"..... I said "ok go ahead and upgrade it.".. after staring at his computer with a confused lookon his face he stated we had to wait because he wasnt able to upgrade it .His co-worker had todo it.... Here we are sitting there waiting for his co-worker to finish his check in... and we hear him state to this couple that he made a mistake and he is ugrading them from a dbl to a queen at no charge... The couple goes up to the room he then stars counting his drawer knowing that we are infront of him waiting! The couple comes down fast stating they want there money back... after arguing with the customer about giving him the money back infront of all the people waiting there...They finally give him his money back... Finally its my turn. The clerk tells me "I am sorry for the misunderstanding but Anthony told you wrong its $30 per night not $20".... (I am already upset of having to wait so long). I told the guy "I really dont see a reason for you to charge me this amount after having me wait here this long and just upgrading the previous couple at no charge"... Anthony says "if you want you can do the same thing they did"..... Now that just made me sooo mad! I told him to shut up! I had no choice! I thought of my son, It was 10pm and I know nothing about NY, its 33 degrees outside and my son is sleepy! I had no choice but to pay for the upgrade. I made the guy upset enough to send me to the last floor with no elevator and did not call the bell man to help me with my luggage.... I cried with anger that night...and I will NEVER ever go back to that place nor recommend it to anyone not only there customer service is poor but there rooms are so cold you cant control the heat theres only a fan in the room that on a summer night a Lady like me that is only 4'11 will never be able to reach not even getting on a chair. The 2 nights that I stayed they never came in to pick up the dirty towels but yes they did knock on the door to bring more... It's Just a Crappy Place to Stay! Not even while I was leaving... even when the bell man saw me coming down the stairs with my 2 luggages did he help, he just stood there holding the door! Knowing I was struggling with my son and my luggages. The Pictures on there website JAJA they are nice but don't get Fooled by them that's just the Lobby. The rest of the hotel looks like a refurbished housing authority development with creepy hallways and plain rooms No Cable ... No Lights to Dim. Like in there room photos.... Very unpleasent place to sleep you can hear the doors opening and shutting as if it was your room they were opening and closing... Vents made noise all through the night and the view jajaja that great big brick wall was not a pretty site. Gotta Say though. The bathrooms were Super Clean. The only good thing in that place I take Is the cleaning lady for the bathrooms only because as far as the hallways, carpet and stairs she cant do miracles for the scum they have.