Looked nice on the web site: newly renovated, cleaned up, North African charm, a flat screen TV in every room (!). I booked a room with two double beds for my 14 year old son and I using their web site. Got a confirmation number, etc. The day prior to arrival I called the hotel to ask if we could check in early. No guarantee was made, but a comment was added to the record that we'd like early check in if possible. We arrived a couple hours early in NYC for a wedding that afternoon and I called from Penn Station to ask if we could check in at 1pm rather than 3pm. I was told that yes they did have a room ready. When we arrived the indifferent staff told me that they had no such room, only had a queen room available and we should just share it. No way. I was a told that there was a computer error, especially with the Internet bookings. Well it was not a computer I was talking to on the phone just 45 minutes before, it was a live female who said come on down a double room is waiting. Then they said they had a room with two beds available at their "sister property" just two blocks away. By now we were pressed for time to get to the wedding so we went to look at the other hotel. It was not a hotel, it was a hotel & hostel. A dark, dingy lobby with curtains hung on the walls to hide cracking plaster. The room was decently clean with two beds so we were forced to take it, but It took 15 minutes for them to figure out how to book the room and they took cash only. To top it off the room had no heat, no hot water on Sunday morning, the bathroom was unbelievably small, no telephone, the smallest TV made today (no flat screens here) and had an elevator that should have been condemned decades ago. I am amazed I didn't see any rats in the staircase. Of course, the room had no iron/ironing board. The whole experience? A complete disaster. The Marrakech Hotel owners do not deserve your business. They are the scum of hotel operators. Avoid at all costs. Stay further away at a reputable chain and use the subway or a cab. You do not want the type of experience I just went through. Find a decent hotel and enjoy your stay in NYC.