I took my college daughter to NYC for a weekend of fun/shopping for her 21st birthday. This was not our first trip, we have visited and stayed at several hotels before. We booked this hotel which had fairly good reviews and excellent picture on their web site. The location was great, right across the street from a subway stop and close to a small grocery store, coffee and bagel shop, and other essentials. The picture of the lobby was accurate, and that's where it all ended. Knowing many NY hotel rooms are small we booked a room with a double bed and a single. We arrived and were told there were no more rooms like that so we were assigned a double. Hmmm. I showed the manager my internet paperwork indicating we booked a triple, and were paying for such. He apologized and made a copy and assured us that we would get the room we booked the next day, just to bring our things to the desk in the morning to store. OK, we could deal with that since it was so late and we were just going to go to bed anyway. While the lobby looked great the hallways/stairways carpeting and walls were filthy, the walls looked to be falling apart. The room was relatively clean but we soon learned we needed the extra bed to put our suitcases/bags. Our room only had 1 nightstand, a tv stand with a 12 inch tv, no bureau, no closet, and only 2 bath towels, which were stored on the tv stand because there was no place to hang them in the bathroom, and there were no hand towels or wash cloths. We left the next day in hopes that we just had a one room bad luck situation and returned at 5pm. When we asked for a key to our new room we learned we had no room reserved for us at all, and all they could give us was a room with 2 twin beds or a queen. That would have been fine in many other hotels, but not this one. The place was, as my daughter put it, "so disgusting," we decided just to go home. I asked the woman at the desk how it could happen that being first on the list we still didn't get the room we wanted the second time, never mind the first. She said that if they see there are only 2 people on the reservation, regardless of what you want, you will likely get a room for only 2 people, even if you are paying for a room for 3, this so they can fit more people in the hotel. We asked if we could just check out and get our money back for that night, and were first told no - but after complaining about their twice mixing things up we were able to check out and pay just for the one night.