Usually we stay at the Charles Hotel in Cambridge which we like the most in Boston. Unfortunately for us, this time we were not able to get a room there booked and had to try something new. Mandarin Oriental is ranked #1 among Boston's hotels on TA, the location is perfect, the name of the hotel speaks for itself. However, our stay was a major disappointment. First, good things. Both restaurants there are very nice, the food and ambiance are great. I highly recommend them, since you don't have to stay at the hotel to try their food. Again, the location is super convenient, adjusted to the Prudential Center and withing walking distance to almost everything. But this is pretty much it. Now ugly stuff. It looks like they simply do not treat all their clients equally. First time I experienced that when I had my luxury mani/pedi at their spa. My therapist (her name was Brandie) was totally inattentive and kind of ignored me during the entire procedure. Well, I don't like super chatty therapists alright. However, why wouldn't she at least give a try to be nice and courteous with her first-time client? I paid $200 for my visit for God's sake, so I'm fully entitled to get the right attitude! The funniest thing is that they had another client at the salon at the same time. The lady was apparently their old client and a generous tipper, so both her therapist and Brandie were super friendly with her, talking to her only and laughing. I felt almost invisible and it was pretty much humiliating. Last thing I must say about my spa experience, it was definitely NOT my best mani/pedi. What I finally got for my fingers and toes, haven't cost $200 at all. Another odd thing about this hotel: they do not provide you with a key from minibar! When we called a concierge, he promised to get us one right up, however, we never got it. Fortunately we didn't really want to use minibar but still, it was a very weird thing. Overall, it seems that the staff there is not properly trained. They pretend they would do anything for you but in fact, you don't get what you paid for. For example, I dined in my room once. I was asked when they should have picked up the trail and dirty plates. I told them I was leaving around 9 pm. They said, ok, we'll clean everything up after you leave. However, when I was back to my room (10:30 pm) the trail was still in there. I called housekeeping and they assured me they would send someone upstairs right away. I left my room again and was back around 2 am. The trail was still there! Now I had to call them again and they finally cleaned everything up. But the ugliest thing happened after the check-out. Our flight back was at 8 pm, so we decided to leave our luggage at the hotel and pick it up on our way to the airport. We had 4 pieces of luggage. When we came back, it turned out they LOST two of our suitcases! We had a taxi waiting (which is not free, by the way) and a plane to catch. However, they couldn't find our luggage for a half an hour at least. A bellboy who was supposed to handle this, was extremely rude and unprofessional!!! Unfortunately, I didn't catch his name, so I can't complain to his supervisors. The front desk staff kept apologizing while their co-workers were looking for my luggage but they sounded irritated and didn't even make an eye contact with me. Finally they found our suitcases but it cost us a lot of stress. I thought they would at least offer to pay for my taxi (a half an hour of waiting!) but they didn't. It occurs to me they behaved the way they did because I look very young and am not pushy enough but too polite. Therefore I wasn't taken seriously. I supposed they would act differently should my husband be present there at that time. I find it totally unacceptable and unprofessional. The hotel is very expensive and some respect must have been included in the rate I paid.