Flop-House In Skid Row I have never had such a horrifying experience at a hotel in my life! (and hopefully never will again) Upon entering the inner sanctum, better known as the lobby, we were greeted by a not-so-friendly desk clerk, whom, I guess doubled as night watchman,( since he later sacked out on the lobby sofa, snoring as we passed by upon returning in the evening.) The elevator was so rickety and small, you could barely get on with a small suitcase. The floor had a mushy bounce to it, and it felt like it was lined with cardboard. As it lurched into its ascent, I remember reciting the Lord's Prayer. When we finally reached our floor, I was still praying as we opened the door to the little shop of horrors. The exposed wires of a single light bulb dangled from the ceiling fan, which more resembled an interrogation device rather than an actual fixture. The other code violations and many infractions we took note of are too numerous to mention here. That night, when we returned to our hotel room, exhausted from walking around the area in search of alternate options for lodging, which my son found on line, we were about to climb into bed, when I noticed the stained and dingy-looking bed linen. We went down to our vehicle and brought up a blanket and laid it on top of the bed, where we slept fully clothed, ready to depart at day-break. Unfortunately, not much sleep actually occurred because we were awakened to the sounds of very loud arguing and screaming emanating from the run-down building next door to the hotel. This went on until day-break, when my husband turned to me and said , Are you ready? , to which I wasted no time jumping off that flea-bag bed, grabbing our belongings, and racing to the rickety elevator. As we flew by the front desk, bags in hand, I heard the clerk inquire Are you coming back?, to which I hollered over my shoulder, NO! I will never come back here again! As we pulled away from the curb, I bade goodbye to the Abigail Hotel (and the reprobate urinating on the lamp post outside the building) NEVER AGAIN!!