No Heat, No Courtesy, No Breakfast We stayed at the Marina Inn expecting a Bed and Breakfast...we got a lumpy bed, but not much else.The Inn is located in a remote motel area five blocks away from any coffee shops, restaurants, or stores. Upon check-in, the indifferent staff seemed annoyed they had to check us in the show us our room - as if we were troubling them with our mere presence. We were in the cozy queen room. The peeling wall paper was a cheap floral pattern straight out of a roach motel, only enhanced by the moldy smell of decrepit tacky green carpet. The matchbox room was barely able to fit the lumpy queen sized bed (I could feel every spring in my back) and a dresser. Using the bathroom was like going through an American Gladiators obstacle coarse. You had to pick up the floor mat to open door. The toilet was so close to the door that after you stepped into the bathroom, you had to lean backwards at a 45 degree angle so the door could close.God forbid you have to take a shower...The top of the sliding door frame was at chin level (I am 5' 9 so taller than the average woman, but by no means exorbitantly tall) - stepping into the tub was like a double limbo game where I was stepping over the tub while ducking under the door frame all the while trying not to slip and fall to my death. Once in the tub, I realized the shower head was at chest level so in order to wash anything from my neck up, I had to kneel down on my knees. Trying to sleep in the icebox of a room was a totally different obstacle. December in San Francisco, though not freezing, still gets down to 30-40 degrees at night. The radiator was frigidly cold the whole of our stay. We asked the front desk about it, and they said they would work on it. Their continental breakfast (that ends at 10am) consisted of 14, that's right FOURTEEN hard boiled eggs and dry packets of oatmeal. No trace of the muffins and pastries mentioned on the website. So I went to the front desk at 8:45a and asked them if there was anything else coming - anything at all? And the woman at the desk said some one had to go to the store. An hour later, I went back to the breakfast room and there they were.... the 14 hard boiled eggs sitting atop of their platter mocking me with their sheer existence. Despite the horrifying hotel conditions and staff, our trip to San Francisco was incredible. The Golden Gate Bridge, the gorgeous architecture, Sausalito...all of it remarkable. However, if you are considering this hotel - please do yourself a HUGE favor and Don't do it. I've stayed in $30 hostels that provided better accommodations and a more helpful staff. SAVE YOURSELF! DO NOT STAY HERE!