The Tombstone is a more appropriate title We experienced a classic BAIT AND SWITCH but in the worst way--other than reading reviews here at tripadvisor, I still can't come up with a way that would have prevented us from staying there, they completely misrepresented everything about the place!Their website was decent looking, and the photos posted there were nice, but really small and grainy. The reservation form was decent, but we ended up making reservations via phone. What enticed us was that it said it was a bed  breakfast hotel and was just a little less than asking price--it looked like a good value; I will never stay there again even if you paid me $1000/night.In our 2 days there, we saw a total of 2 employees--1 was pleasant, the other not so pleasant; neither fit the title of mafioso.The lobby/front desk was a very small place, but decently decorated. We verified that they would keep our bags after we checked out--something they did end up doing, but we returned to find that our bags stayed unsecured out in the lobby all day next to an unattended frontdesk!The picture of a room on the website was nothing like what we stayed in. The towels didn't absorb water, there were small dark hairs all over the bathroom walls. The shower had scum in every corner. The shower curtain was thinner than shrinkwrap, had holes in it, and wasn't big enough for the shower. The choice of water temperature was either ice or scalding; there is no warm or hot--and I do mean burn-you scalding; so much so that you learn very quickly to avoid all metal in the bathroom, lest you leave your skin behind. The bed had a single small and thin queen mattress. The bed cover consisted of stained, semi-clean sheets wrapped around a significantly stained and dirty comforter. There was a 12 inch tv mounted 7 feet in the air above the only furniture in the room--a wall-attached desk/suitcase holder. My 5'4 wife would have barely fit inside the closet; don't try to use it for clothes. There was only a single power outlet in the room. The carpet was so dirty that I didn't want to take off my shoes--much less walk to the bathroom in my bare feet. There was 1 window overlooking the alleyway. There is no air filter/conditioner/heater--there is a thermostat, but I can only guess that it is to provide hope that the hell you are currently is somewhat in your control.Garbage collection just outside in the alley starts at 7am and lasts for 40 minutes. Given the condition of our room, eating at the cafe (David's) was out of the question.The only elevator is very crowded with only 2 people and their luggage. The hallways/stairwells were dark and the carpet was bald in a good number of places.We enjoyed San Francisco, but the Tombstone is a memory I want to forget--I couldn't bring myself to take any pictures as that would only lengthen the memory.