Hawaiian Nightmare!! My husband and I went to Hawaii to celebrate our third anniversary. We chose to stay at the Kahala based on its rating and although we read the horrible reviews before we booked the room, we decided to give it a chance anyway. What a mistake!! It was obvious upon entering the hotel that it needed some major updating, it was not exactly what I had expected for $550.00 a night but at that point I still had hope that I would be blown away with the service or perhaps our amazing view, mistake # 2! When we got to our room it smelled of mold and was in desperate need of repair. The wallpaper was peeling from spots on the wall, there were ants in the bathroom and worn paint throughout the room. The canopy that hung over our bed was torn and there were areas of the bathroom that appeared to be filthy. I am not exaggerating. Believe me, I wish I were. We contacted the management, who acknowledged that there had been a deterioration in the property, that they were in the process of getting ideas together for remodeling and offered to move us to another room, sadly, it was under the same conditions, except we had a worse view than our original room. We then asked management if we could move to a newer part of the hotel and they explained to us that we WERE in the newer part, (the Dolphin lagoon area.) Thus began our vacation, which consisted of poor service, (it took 30 minutes to get an umbrella and the same amount of time to get a server poolside, that is IF the pool was open, as it was closed one day.) a dissapointing dinner at Hoku, and service that was far less than five stars. I could go on and on, but the fact is that our stay at the Kahala nearly ruined our vacation. Instead of creating an atmosphere of luxury and and five star service, the Kahala makes you feel as if your in a hotel who's hayday has come and gone, (i.e. the weathered picture of celebrities from the early eighties still proudly dispalyed on the walls) and refuses to acknowledge it. The Kahala is a 3 star hotel AT BEST and it's time for the owner and management to acknowledge this and either close for full remodeling or bite the bullet and change it's prices to reflect it's severe deterioration.