paradise lost After 15 years of visiting this property, I have seen it for the last time. It is recently under new ownership and management, and the transition has been anything but seamless. When I arrived, I was not greeted as a return guest, even though I have stayed there 9 times in the last 15 years. Then after checking into my room, the bathroom garbage had not been emptied from the guest before me. The manager was very apologetic, and removed it right away. When I made my way to the pool, I was saddened to see that many of the employees I have become familiar with had not been kept during the transition. More astounding at the pool, was the fact that the kiosk was actually selling pens for $1. This was a 5-star hotel (down-graded to 4-star in Dec. 2005) and know they are selling simple ink pens for $1. These are the same pens that are in the rooms, and that are located throughout the hotel. I can't think of a more nickel-and-dime move. It was clear that the workers at the pool were new, and probably never worked in that setting before. There was constantly a manager or supervisor assisting them, seeming to hold their hand through every kayak rental or snorkel purchase. When I went to the fitness center(which has great equipment) for a Yoga class at 10 A.M., I was told by the girl behind the counter, the instructor did not show up, I'm really sorry but class is cancelled. This was a disappointment, however I just did my own yoga stretches, and felt better about my vacation. The property is so beautiful, and that remains even though they are removing trees it seems like everyday. I just felt like I got to a different hotel when I got there. I traveled over 5000 miles from the East Coast to go to what was my favorite place in the United States. There are more Californians who stay at this hotel that people from the east coast, so I think it is time for my Hawaii experience to move to another island, perhaps the big island of Hawaii or Kauai. If you are a frequent guest of the Kahala Hotel, you will see first hand of what I am writing about. What used to feel like a home in paradise, now feels like a large, unfamiliar space on a beautiful tract of land.