Never stay here I stayed at this hotel from 9-13 December 2007. I was there for business reasons, and normally I would not care so much considering I did not pay for my stay, but I feel compelled to warn others. I won't go into details - I'll just give you highlights (lowlights?):Positives: Relatively inexpensive for Oahu, nice views of the city, very spacious room.Negatives: Oh where to begin ...1. The rooms are outdated and have a funky smell to them. The carpeting looked like it hadn't been vaccumed in years. TVs were small and very old. Outlets in bathroom did not work. Lightbulbs in bedroom were burned out. Bed was small and very uncomfortable. Kitchette was flat-out disgusting - I would have rather eaten off the street.2. The parking garage is unorganized and safety hazards abound. When emerging from and entering the garage, it is very difficult to see oncoming cars and pedestrians. My husband met me on the last day of my stay here before we moved to the Hilton Hawaiian Village (stay there - it's worth any extra $$$) and I was assured by the front desk that he'd be charged $12 for parking there as a non-hotel guest. He was charged $38 for parking less than 12 hours.3. Check-in is difficult as there is no place to park your car and you must go down an escalator from the street and then back-up the escalator to your (double-parked) car, up to the parking garage, down the elevator to the lobby, and then finally up a different elevator to your room. If you've stayed there, you know what I mean. It's a mess.4. Finally - and most upsetting - was the fact that a co-worker and I were stuck in the elevator for over an hour. It was extremely scary as the elevator was jerking and bucking for several minutes. The front desk worker contacted Security, who we had many conversations with through the little speaker in there, and did their best to get a technician to us ASAP. However, when the elevator doors finally opened, no one was there. I guess that wasn't a big deal, but when we walked over to the front desk to let them know that we were out and safe, the man did not even look up. We asked if we needed to do anything, and all he did was shake his head. NO ONE from the hotel EVER apologized or asked if we were OK. If that doesn't speak volumes to their customer service, I don't know what would. Bottom line: Do NOT stay here. Pay an extra $20-30 and stay some where nice. It's worth it.