Changed for the worse... We are platinum members of the Starwood Preferred Guests program. Even with our status which is supposed to promise an upgrade to the best available room, we were still very disappointed.Let me start by saying we used to LOVE this hotel, and a few generations of our family have honeymooned there. We went there to celebrate a birthday and was our third time there....only to find that management has changed (they were bought out by a finance group from Asia).Our room was fine--the only thing that didn't change too much, although the products are worse quality than better (probably due to cost-cutting).Birthday Brunch was horrible. The waiters are imported from another country and not the typical warm locals that we were used to (again, probably another cost issue). One waiter walked with the fork and knife pointing outwards, and almost took my husband's eye out. Luckily my husband ducked the last minute and avoided tragedy. He stepped on my husband (wearing flip flops) subsequently and didn't even apologize! What kind of standard is that? I've had better service from 3rd world countries. It took forever to get our drinks while we were eating.The spa was expensive and not worth it. I paid a lot for a facial, and could have gotten the same one for half the price. They put away the becah chairs from the beach really early (i think it was 4PM), and we couldn't even sit there to enjoy the sunset! We asked why, and they said since management has changed, rules have also changed. The old timer staff apparently do not like new management, and many have left. Oh, and one more thing, I asked to use the restroom in the restaurant. Being pregnant, you would think they would be a little nicer. After being told no twice and going through two managers, they reluctantly opened up the restroom. How rude and inconsiderate, especially considering we are guests. All in all, they have changed and not for the better. We couldn't stand it and checked out a day early. Instead we went to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider (also another Starwood Property). We got much better treatment which is pathetic since Royal Hawaiian is supposed to be a luxury collection hotel (one step higher than the Sheraton). We're never going back again. Save your money and stay at the Sheraton instead...