Tower Rooms Reminded Us Of A Holiday Inn While we do like the historic section of this hotel, we were so very dissapointed with the tower rooms. We expected for the prices they charge that they would big and luxurious. What we found instead was this tiny, box like room. The Lanai was so small my husband could just about stretch his arms across and touch either side of the walls. Even though the rooms have just been re-done they are motel quality. All we could think of was how they had the audacity to charge these prices for this tiny room when you can go down the street to a five star hotel and pay less for much better service and a bigger room with a bigger bath and huge lanai. We tried to get that hotel but they were full. Live and learn and never again. Now we know why they never have any pictures anywhere of the tower rooms.While we were there, they decided that they were going to test the phone system at 2:00 am. The phones actually rang throughout the hotel at this time of the morning. I thought it was a fire alarm. All I could think is that we were on the 15th floor and how the heck would we get out of there! Why would any hotel do this? We inquired at the front desk as to why the phone rang at that hour and they said they were testing the system!They also had construction going on in different area's of the hotel. They were digging up the driveway and the drilling was maddeningly noisy. They also had the area surrounding the bar all boarded up. They also had minimal use of the kitchen because they were also updating that, so the Surf room was closed. All you could get was sandwiches at the Mai Tai Bar. For breakfast we were all hearded like cattle into the ballroom for a buffet. We were given a box of mixed nuts for our inconvienence.Yes, the tower rooms are new, but good Lord I have never seen such a small room. They also had a small 15 TV on top of the dresser. Yikes! If you have visions of the tower romms being luxurious like we did, this is fair warning to you. I think our feelings for the pink palace died in that boxy, little room.