Don't stay at the Waikiki Parc unless you have to. While this hotel is better than most in Waikiki it is still a far from a good hotel if you judge it by the same standards as hotels in Japan or Europe. The check in is very slow as there never seems to be more than 1 girl working there although there are 3 places set aside for the front desk staff to stand. Don't expect any service because no one in the hotel knows what it means. The hotel elevators require you to swipe your room key in order to go up, unfortunately the machine does not work very well so more than half the time you will not be able to go up to your room without the help of a manager but that will take a while because there is always a line up at the front desk. Once you get to your room you will find that it is a slightly remodeled room although it is really just a plane jane motel type layout with a couple of upgrades. The bathroom faucets and shower were OK. No complaints. However in the headboard of all beds is a long fluorescent light that will blink on and off if you try and turn it down lower than full power, beware this flickering is extremely annoying. Also you and everyone in your room will appear a sickly green because of this poor lighting choice. The beds were OK. The fridge is empty and you can't order alcohol to your room... they do not have a liquor license. Also the room service is pathetic, you can have some cheese, a tired looking salad or some sandwiches but that is all. This is not a full service hotel. Don't expect to have breakfast in bed... you will be disappointed. Also the internet connection is a nightmare. They have no wi-fi and you have to connect to a LAN cable which really limits your movement. Also the connection is poor and often you can not get online at all. And to make matters worse they charge you 10 dollars every 24 hours although it feels like they are charging you about 3 times a day. Be careful about which rooms you choose, the mountain and city views look out onto parking lots and are horrible. The ocean view is much better but not that great as you have to look at the back of the hideous Sheraton hotel and their loading and unloading area as well. Not very romantic. Also if you plan on making any calls from your room you will be in for a treat, as the phone system is very sensitive and no one you call can ever seem to hear you. Very annoying. Also they have really old school style televisions in the room which are thicker than they are wide and the remote system is very finicky. There seems to be alot of excitement that there is a NOBU restaurant in the hotel. Forget it. Don ever eat there. Their service is horrible and the food is second rate Japanese pub food. I am not sure why Americans think Nobu is so great but let me tell you as a long time resident of Japan that it is not. It is not good at all. Japanese people do not eat at Nobu... and neither should you. You could the same meal only better in Japan on any street corner. Don be fooled. Eat at Denny around the corner if you have too, they have better service... I guarantee it. There were a couple positive things about the hotel: the valet attendants were excellent. Very helpful and always smiling and if you are going to stay there do rent the orange Lotus Exige and take a drive up the east coast to Lanikai beach you won regret it. And lastly although this hotel is not very good it is still better than most and miles ahead of the new outique?hotel, Renew.