Hated it so much we checked out early! I travel extensively, and this is the first time I disliked a hotel so much that we decided after our 3rd night to check out early and into a different property. I really wanted to like the Waikiki Parc. I was very excited about staying at a small boutique hotel instead of a massive chain. The visit started out well. We were impressed with the chic decorations throughout. A wrapped box of chocolates and a card was waiting for us which was a nice touch.We got a corner room on the top floor which looked out over the mountains. We got two beds instead of a king, but we decided not move because the room would be even smaller than the cramped one we had. This hotel caters to Japanese tourist much more than Americans so I'm sure the size is great for them. Strangley, the beds did not have fitted sheets, just two flat sheets. Each morning, we woke up to bare mattresses after tossing and turning each night. We were often woken up by the street noise, and we were on the TOP FLOOR. We noticed that the high velocity elevator made me nauseous and my husband light headed everytime we got on and off. The valet switched our keytags with someone else, and we had to run back and forth to get the rental agreement to prove the car was ours. This made me late for my meeting. The valet was very slow other times. The concierge was absolutely useless. He speaks poor English, and unfortunately, we don't speak Japanese.On the food front, the wine and cheese reception was a joke. I've had better wine and cheese at Costco. Nobu is highly overrated and incredibly expensive. I had such high hopes for this place. Luckily, Orchids at the snotty Halekulani next door has the most amazing ahi sashimi I've ever had.The final straw was having my razor broken by housekeeping. Can you imagine how frustrating it is to try and shave so you can go out onto the beach only to find it impossible to do this task? Argh! We booked another hotel online and promptly checked out of the Parc. Maybe we were so cranky because of the sleep deprivation.