Kacho sushi restaurant - Waikiki Parc I was introduced to the Waikiki Parc via TripAdvisor.com and have found the reviews there fairly representative of my own experience until tonight - better than average accomodations across the street from Waikiki Beach. Since my last stay there in April of this year and the fire that had us scurrying from our room in the early hours of the morning, we have relocated permanently to Honolulu and visited the Waikiki Parc and sister property, Halekulani, and their respective restaurants and high dollar shops more times than can be counted. Honestly. Imagine my surprise then when my party was turned away this evening from the Waikiki Parc's sushi bar because I was wearing flip flops with my khaki pants and linen shirt.I had visited their website earlier in the evening to peruse the menu and noted their dress code as informal/resort attire (I made a copy lest they change it as a result of this review.) My party of two had already spent $120+ next door in the Halekulani's informal House Without A Key and had planned to continue the evening next door at the Waikiki Parc until Kacho manager Tatsuya Nishizaki summarily turned us away despite hastily ushering in a party of three ahead of us that was all clad in jeans and T-shirts.I have dined up and down Waikiki and Honolulu (including the Waikiki Parc Cafe, Halekulani's House Without a Key, Orchids, La Mer, and others like Roys, DK Steaks, Sansei, Hy's, and Canoe's at the Ilikai, etc) without once being made to feel as insignificant as this experience at Waikiki Parc's Kacho. The manager there steadfastly refused to acknowledge the disconnect between the published dress code and the rude treatment he was dishing out. Even the managers on duty at the Waikiki Parc and sister property Halekulani both felt compelled to pass the buck to restaurant policy, and neither could explain what made jeans and T-shirts acceptable and sandals with khaki slacks and linen shirts verboten. My companion had on Birkenstocks, but it was only my shoes that kept us out according to Tatsuya Nishizaki. It didn't even matter that we were asking to be seated at the nearly empty sushi bar. In my experience, Honolulu is by far the most casual and informal of cities and generally receptive of any. My time in Waikiki has not been for naught, however; I understand what moves the economy here. This time, though, even I was surprised at the lengths at which this lesson was driven home. My suggestion would be to carefully chose where to spend your American dollars. They are appreciated at some locales more than others.