Warning! Warning! Major Construction! This hotel was a disappointment! I arrived On July 5th and was horrified by the location and the noise. There is serious construction going on right outside its doors. They are tarring down many buildings right next door to this hotel and it is extremely noisy. We were on one of the highest floor in an Deluxe Ocean View room and we could hear every little bang. Then we asked to be moved to a quieter side of the hotel (which was on the opposite side of the construction) but we could still hear everything. The noise was just too loud to get away from. The buildings that were being tarred down caused a lot of dust in the air around the hotel. There also was a strong odor caused as well. Sadly with all the dark tarred down buildings right next to the hotel, a lot of the bad crowds were being attracted to this area. (drug dealers, homeless, prostitutes) Now, you will see prostitutes and homeless all over Waikiki, but there were greater and more scarier amounts at this location. Also, it is very hard to get around this location because of all the roads being closed for construction. Which was such a hassle. Two things that were bad about this hotel that were not the because of construction was the Sheraton blocking a good amount of the Waikiki views. All of the Ocean Views at the Waikiki Parc did see a large about of the ocean but also had the dirty views of the Sheratons rooms as well. These room that were visible did not appear to be as well taken care of as the other rooms on the front side of the hotel. (which were very beautiful). Second was the dirty ally ways you had use to get to the ocean. These ally ways were very scary, especially at night. They are very dark and have many corners ( not the safest place). Also the beach that is closest to the Waikiki Parc was not the nicest part of the beach. This part of the beach was very small and rocky. There was not a lot of space to lay and the only real place to lay was a man-made sand square which was made by the Halekulani. In order to be able to swim and lay on the beach you had to walk a little ways to the Royal Hawaiian. But don get me wrong this hotel was not all that bad. The service was terrific. The staff was extremely nice and very accommodating. The Ocean views were okay except for the Sheratons rooms. Maybe if I were to revisit this hotel after all the construction was done I might of had a better time. BY the way I had to leave this hotel the next morning because my family and I were unable to stand the construction and location, it was just destroyed our vacation. We ended up staying at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach for the rest of our stay until the 13th, that hotel was a Waikiki dream come true!