The worst hotel in waikiki This was our second time returning to hawaii for a vacation. We assumed that a 3 star hotel would be much better than the 1 and a half star hotel that we stayed at previously. This hotel almost ruined our whole vacation, if we had not moved to an alternate one. Complaints: 1.) Before we had arrived, we booked 3 smoking rooms with 2 double beds in each room. I personally confirmed with the hotel that these rooms were available at least 3 times before we arrived at the hotel. They assured us that our reservation was confirmed and that they had availabilty on all of our requests. When we arrived, they did not have 2 double beds in each room as agreed upon, they were rude, disrespectful, and unaccountable of their mistake. We decided to surrender because we did not want this to ruin our trip. 2.) The ameneties that are promised on their website is not valid whatsoever. They do not have MOST of the ameneties. Before you check into this hotel, make sure you call them and confirm the ameneties...3.) The pool seemed as if it belongs to a motel 6, and the hot tub is a portable hot tub that does not beat the 1 and a half star hotel we stayed at previously. The pool area closes at 6:00pm, which is ridiculous considering that most people who go to hawaii are attempting to relax in a nice enviorment. 4.) Service is extremely unpolite. If you are expecting to go to a nice hotel that greets you with aloha's, do not expect it from waikiki beachchomber. They are slow with service, and are in desperate need of customer service attitude adjustment. 5.) The pictures of the room are definetly misleading. We paid almost double of the price of a standard room to get an ocean view room. When we walked out to the balcony, it was barely a partial ocean view room. It was dissappointing, and overpriced. Overall, the staff was not accomodating whatsoever. The only positive comment that I am willing to give this hotel is the location was great. If you are looking forward to having a fun filled vacation, do not come to this hotel. Their horrible attitude, and cheap overpriced hotel will put a real dent in your vacation.