My wife and I traveled to Maui for a short stay on Maui for her 30th birthday. We usually go to Kauai so Maui was new to us. We are very experienced travelers having been all over the world and to Hawaii 10 times in the last six years. My review is not to bash this business but to educate potential patrons. First, we arrived to a very friendly staff that checked us in quickly. We were concerned when we pulled up and noticed a condemed building right next to the main building of the Maui Lu. I thought they must be renovating and there is no way thier buildings are in bad shape, WRONG! Enter the elevator for a suprise, as a Professional Fire Captain I would not ride in that thing if there was a flood on my heals. The railing was unstable on our walk to the room, then we entered our room. WOW, this was not anything like what the website shows, torn up base boards, stains on the walls, sewer smell, stained carpet, old furniture (not old like 10 years old but old). There was no way I was going to stay there for four nights. I went to the desk and tried for a refund but no luck, since I paid about $400 and cashed in roughly 15000 World Points (about $150) for the room they could not help due to a third party issue. Did I believe they could not refund my money, NO. They did offer us an upgrade to an ocean view room which was in SLIGHTLY better condition across the street fo an additional $80, I went back and asked if they could move me to one of the other Aston Hotels on the island and that I would gladly pay any differance in rate, at that point the lady said "Here, I am giving you our best room for no charge". After just being tired of spending 2 hours trying to fiqure out our situation I agreed. This women was very helpful, If I remembered her name I would have recomended her for a customer service award as her hands were clearly tied by Aston Hotels. The new room 402 was better and with alittle TLC could be really nice. Its right on the water, needs a security fence to keep the pot dealers from hassling you while relaxing. I have two points, first, Great customer service, horrible facility. I have stayed in Motel 6 hotels in Inglewood Ca, that were far nicer. If they remodeled it could be very nice as the location is great.