I would not recommend the Maui Lu hotel to anyone. Yes, you can get a good deal on price but you get much less than what you're expecting. My husband and I got the cheapest available room, and it was the worst place I have ever stayed in. Room 103, bottom floor. I have stayed in hostels in Europe in my early 20's that were cleaner than the Maui Lu. The foul, moldy odor is clear as soon as you approach the door to the room and will come home with you on your luggage and all of your belongings. Have a bottle of Febreeze handy as soon as you get home. The AC unit barely affected just the corner it was in, and the wooden housing holding it outside the window was completely covered in mold (look at the ones on higher levels and it's not as bad). The only bug bites I got in Maui were from the room. I wouldn't walk around barefoot on that carpet either. The blankets were the worst! All bedspreads are typically not comfy, but the "blanket" was like sleeping with a brillo pad (wire mesh sponge). And the bathroom was bad. From the slanted formica counter top, to the power outlet at the top of the mirror that didn't work, the most horrible part of the bathroom was that the shower had one of those "bed sheet on a curtain rod" things where you're showering and desperately trying to avoid the wet curtain touching your body. We left our room early in the morning each day, and got back late each night but the little time we did spend in the room was disgusting. And who can forget the lovely abandoned hotel building on one end of the property, with some boarded windows and some broken, and big holes in the wall where you can see tables and chairs in the room, and the marks where the staircase used to be. I believe even a homeless person wouldn't want to squat in one of those units. And the location is not great if you plan on hanging out in Kihei. Yes, there's a small private beach right across the street but most guidebooks don't suggest swimming anywhere there until you get to Kamaole Beach I because of the cleanliness of the water and the seaweed issues. All of what you want to be close to in Kihei is not near the Maui Lu. You'll have to drive atleast 2 miles down Kihei Road to get to anything worthwhile (except Oceans and Homemaid Cafe are closer than 2 miles). If you are looking for a great deal on price, and the Maui Lu is what you're finding, look for the next cheapest deal. The Maui Lu is not worth the little you may pay for the room. And upgrading to an Ocean View room when you're there may not be worth it when you consider other hotels with slightly higher prices.