After my husband and I stayed at the ResortQuest Islander on the Beach (formerly Aston) on Kauai, we thought we'd give Aston Maui Lu Resort on Maui a try thinking it would be just as wonderful. What a mistake. First, shame on us for not reading any reviews of this hotel before booking. We had just returned from a business trip to Singapore and had three days to spend in Maui at the end of August 2005. How bad is this hotel? We checked in, went to our room, went straight back to the front desk and checked out. Here's why: 1. The room was absolutely filthy and disgusting. Carpet had mold and stains everywhere. Beds were very uncomfortable--you could feel the springs (we paid for a King and got two doubles). Sheets had stains. Small, old, brown refridgerator in room was dirty and barely worked. Coffee maker was not even cleaned. The bathroom was just frightening -- stains and rust everywhere, tub was definitely not clean, toilet looked like it was about to fall apart. 2. The sliding glass doors in the room did not have a security door pole and the latch was broken. This is a major security problem. The curtains covering these doors did not close all the way. Anyone walking by our patio could see right into the room because the curtains did not completely close. 3. We had an oceanfront room but there was no beach to walk on and this was not a swimming area. 4. Very rude front desk service. There was one lady there (Hawaiian with very long hair) with a lackadaisical and condescending attitude. When checking out, we were not nasty or rude to her at all. We politely explained what we found in the room and that we didn't feel safe staying there. She didn't offer any apologies, didn't offer to change our room, and didn't even offer to not charge us the cancellation fee. When my husband asked that we not be charged this fee because of the room conditions, she gave him a nasty look and said "This is our policy". Well, okay, but how about offering us a different room??? What confuses me the most about this hotel is that according to some of the reviews, some people had a wonderful experience and a very nice room (even oceanfront) while most experienced substandard service and conditions. Our experience was so unpleasant that we do not have a desire to visit Maui again. Jason and Andrea Raleigh, NC