Our first time in Hawaii, we spent 5 nights at The Kahala on Oahu (thank god we stayed there first) I would have left Hawaii if we started out the Sheraton in Maui first. We are not your typical honeymoon couple in our 20's, we have traveled extensively through our lives, (staying at many Sheratons) and waited a long time for this event. The trip was booked through a travel agent I have used for many years. As we are checking in the young women advises us that we have been given an upgrade however the room has 2 double beds, IS THIS A JOKE we are on our honeymoon, I realize only one of the 1000 other couples your have checked in this year that say that, but come on. After looking at various rooms and 2 hours later, speaking to a manager that could care less, we check into the 'double bed' upgraded room. The next morning the useless manager contacts me, after spending 10 minutes on the phone with me wasting my time they are moving us to building 6. (all a waste as my travel agent contacted them to move us immediately, as I advised them to move me to another hotel.) We booked golf through the concerige 2x that never called us to confirm the tee-times I needed to follow up with them. The food was average, however the breakfast staff were very friendly I felt sorry for them to be at such a proorely managed hotel. We had dinner at the hotel and our server was the friendliest giving us suggested on what golf course to play in Wailea. The Luau is overpriced go to another hotel. When I would say hello to the staff through out the hotel they never looked or said hello back to me. I HAVE TO PAY TO RENT A CHAIR for the day at the beach, the pool chair people are on top of you! crazy. people come to all the other hotels to snorkel at the beach I felt like I was at the Jersey shore, everytime I returned to my towel from the water someone would be right next to me, am I invisible, do you see there is an entire beach hear? I actually really Hated Maui, and will never go back again, all we met where peoople from the west coast with timeshares and 2nd homes. Go to the 'Big Island' and visit the volcano for a relaxing time. Our last morning we are woken up at 7am to 2 women screaming next door off there balcony about the view, room etc... We spent over $1000 with the conceriage booking helicopter tours, luau etc, not even a thank you at check out. nor the staff person checking us out, didn't ask how our stay was etc.. NEVER AGAIN DO NOT STAY