On a recent trip to Maui I booked a spa treatment through the Sheraton Resort & Spa due to the fact our condo did not offer spa services. I called a day ahead to book my treatment, and specifically asked if I would be able to utilize the pool & facilities, as I was planning on staying the entire day. I was told by the spa staff (The Spa at Black Rock, which is located on the Sheraton hotel grounds), that I was welcome to utilize the pool and facilities of the hotel. I arrived the next morning prepared to stay at the resort for the entire day, and was approached by hotel staff not more than an hour or two after arriving. I was reading at the pool when the pool staff discovered I was utilizing the facilities as a spa guest, rather than a "guest" who had booked a room (they were handing out wrist bands in exchange for room numbers). I was then asked to leave, and informed the pool was "for paying guests only." I attempted to argue the fact I was a paying guest, and was getting ready to spend several hundred dollars at their spa, as well as was told by the spa staff, this wouldn't be an issue. Unfortunately, this meant nothing, and I was given the option of either going to the beach or sitting in the restaurant area. After being humiliated in front of a few dozen "guests", I went to the spa, hoping to alleviate the confusion. The staff coldly denied ever informing me I'd be able to utilize the facilities, insinuating I made up the conversation. I then attempted to cancel my treatment, explaining I no longer wanted to waste my money on my massage after the way I had been treated, and they informed me I was basically stuck. Their four-hour cancellation policy would actually "force" me to have my treatment or still be charged the full-fee. After being kicked out of the pool, treated like a vagrant, humiliated, and more-or-less called a liar, I started my massage in an outdoor room with construction and jack-hammers right outside my door. Needless to say I left my treatment several hundred dollars out, feeling more tense than when I arrived, and convinced I'd never be staying at a Sheraton or scheduling a treatment through The Spa At Black Rock again.