This was our fifth trip to Maui - our first (and last) stay at the Sheraton. For a Four Star property, it certainly fell short of our expectations. Check-in was smooth, but our room was hardly "ocean front". Ocean VIEW maybe, if you looked past the grounds, the pool and palm trees, the growth that separated the pool and the beach and THEN, you could see the beach and the ocean beyond. The bed was comfortable, but that was about all I have to say on the positive side. No turn down service with a flower on the pillow (like we've had at every other hotel we've stayed at on Maui), the meals were OUTRAGEOUSLY expensive ($60 for breakfast for two) and weren't even that good. We were charged for water, that we did NOT open or take (didn't notice this until we were going over the bill on the flight home) and we constantly had notes that one thing or another was being tested, cleaned or killed during the week we were there. Bug sprayers came one day and that left a dozen 2" long dead cockroaches on our balcony... VERY enjoyable when you want to sit out and enjoy the sunset. There was only ONE chair on our balcony, so my husband and I coudn't even sit out together to enjoy the morning breezes. The pool was often so crowded that you couldn't get a lounge chair and if you wanted a lounge chair on the beach, you had to pay extra for that. When my husband made the reservations, he requested a late check-out. When he confirmed the reservation, he made the request again. When we checked in, he again made the request and the day before we're leaving, we're told we can't get it. Oh wait... IF we want to pack up, move to another room and stay THERE, we can get the late check-out. What a serious pain in the backside. We never went to the Luau, so I can't comment on that one way or another and we never ate dinner at the hotel (with breakfast costing $60 for the two of us, we figured we'd have to take out a second mortgage to afford dinner). We ended up eating most breakfasts at The Plantation House in Kapalua for half the price and the food was much better. Overall, we were terribly under-impressed with the Sheraton on Ka'anapali Beach in Maui.