My family stayed for 7 nights at this property and will never, ever go back. First Day: Room not ready upon check-in (at check-in time), made to wait over an hour and a half (with two small children after a long flight). Had to wait behind man who was already yelling at the check in person for shoddy service and amenities. Very telling. Ate lunch ($10 PB&J that was pre-packaged/frozen for the kids, $18 packaged salad and packaged dressing for the adults). $70 with tax and tip for cafeteria food. After check-in, sliding glass door windows clouded over with some sort of substance that couldn't be cleaned off. Shower head was removable nozzle that kept falling off the holder and spraying the bathroom and us in the face (very Benny Hill) Foul brown liquid periodically back up into our bathroom sink and then mysteriously drained out after a few minutes. Loud pounding mechanical noise constantly heard while in the bathroom. Must have been next to some kind of generator. Ensuing problems: Asked the concierge for a restaurant recommendation for fresh fish in the area. She said, "Just walk around town and find someplace that you like" and shrugged her shoulders. Outdoor beach showers not working for 4 days which resulted in having to track loads of sand back into our room to wash off, clogging the bathtub and creating a mini-beach on the bathroom floor. I called for housekeeping and was told they are at dinner and only work until 4pm. Parking garage in disrepair, elevators not working, limited spaces to park, difficult access. Was walking through a hallway behind valet with my 6 year old daughter and passed a young, blonde male valet who was having a heated conversation with his mother on his cell phone and was saying loudly "Jesus, Mom, what the F*&ck are you doing. I'm at work, F&^K!" So glad my young daughter can pick up such a lovely vocabulary from the staff at the Sheraton Maui. Would be seated for the rare times we were stuck at the hotel for whatever reason for lunch and would be ignored at our table for up to 15 minutes (after milling around the hostess station trying to get someone's attention) after asking to place our drink orders to some other passing waiter Would generally be told that our waiter would be there soon and he would saunter along after another 10 minutes. This is when the lunch restaurants was 5% full. Very slow and inattentive service. Asked for a rollaway bed... was told we would be charged $70 per day for one, said no to that We requested wine glasses... $5 per glass per day. Outrageous add on hidden charges galore (already on top of a $21 per day "resort fee"). Oh, and part of the resort fee was to take care of "free shuttles", which sadly never came the two unfortunate times we waited for it. The pool was full of sand (no working beach shower) and ice cold. The hot tub smelled like "hot broccoli", my daughter commented. I travel quite a bit for business, stay in lots of hotels (Starwood and others) and consider myself pretty reasonable when it comes to expectations. I always give the benefit of the doubt. Still, this place was pretty horrible and when one pays for a particular kind of experience (again, pretty basic standards were expected), this hotel and staff failed miserably. I would never stay here again and will stay at a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons property next time. You pay more upfront, but at least you get the service and experience you would expect from a higher end property and aren't incrementally charged constantly for it (and still a substandard experience).