Where do I start with this place? They have put all of their money, it seems, into keeping the outside nice. Our first night in town we stayed at the 3-Star Royal Laihina next door which we liked. The trouble started when we checked into the Sheraton for our week-long stay. 1. Terrible Location - When we checked in, they told us we had to DRIVE to our Deluxe Oceanfront Room facing Black Rock. There was NO VALET for this wing. Very remote: to get to the lobby, restaurants, pools, etc it takes FIVE ELEVATORS and a very long, hot walk. They offered to drive us back in a Golf Cart to our room, but that wait was 20 minutes. 2. TERRIBLE BEDS - Hotel advertises comfortable "Sweet SLeeper" beds. Our bed was HARD AS A ROCK. Plain mattress, no pillowtop...motel-like. Like sleeping on the ground. I've NEVER complained about a mattress in a hotel & couldn't believe I was doing it at a 4-star Sheraton! We called to see if we had the SWEET SLEEPER that was advertised & on our confirmation... NO ONE knew! In our Guest Directory, a Pillowtop was offered on request. When we asked, they brought a thin comforter. The staff never heard of a "pillowtop" listed in the book. Our 1st night was SLEEPLESS..the bed was SO HARD & pillows gave no support. Spouse had to sleep on the chair. I envisioned 5 more nights, and told my spouse I couldn't handle the back-ache from the bed, long, hot walk with 5 elevators to and from the lobby, pool, etc. and NO valet while lugging our cooler, beach stuff & souvenirs to and from our room. NOT relaxing or worth $400 a night! 3. OLD, BROKEN ROOMS - Motel-style mattress, broken dressers didn't close, fridge broken.. pee stains on bathroom walls. Not clean. 4. STAYED ONE NIGHT, CHARGED $2000 - Checked another room to salvage our stay. The bed was no different in another room. 1/2 a day dealing w/ all of this..upsetting & stressful! Finally nicely asked if we could check out without penalty. They said that it would be no problem. WRONG! A $2000 charge was waiting for us when we got home! Was told by 2 reps that we'd never checked out! The rep who checked us out credited $400 but charged us $2000 for one-week stay. Finally the charges were straighted out after several phone calls...but it was a huge hassle. 5. HUGE relief to get AWAY from Sheraton's broken dresser, uninformed staff, hard miserable bed, 5 elevators and no valet service. We checked BACK into the 3-star Royal Lahaina next door and was given an amazing view (way better than the "Black Rock" view" at Sheraton) along with a newly renovated bedroom (just like we'd had the first night). Our bed there was to die for... amazingly comfortable. The rooms were updated, modern and WAY cleaner and in WAY better condition that the Sheraton. Valet gladly helped us with our "stuff" after long days out and about..and in 2 seconds we were up the elevator and in our room. Everything is convenient at the Royal Lahaina...snorkle shack, pool, amazing Ice Cream and dining room for lunch. ( breakfast buffet at Royal Lahaina buggy & NOT recommended._) Will NEVER stay in a Shertaon again. Underneath all the pretty well-planned landscaping, there's not much to desire.