We stayed at the Sheraton Maui Resort for the first part of our Honeymoon and sadly we didn't feel like we were on a vacation much less a Honeymoon at all. The property is beautiful however beware when you book your room because the entire property is Very spread out, so if you want easy access to the pool and beach and don't want to walk 15-20 min. one way then don't stay in building 6...that's where our first room was and when my husband checked in we were told that it was an "upgraded room" however that just meant further away from the pool, lobby, dining room, etc. So we get off an 8 1/2 hour plane ride with No Luggage and walk all the way to our room (a good 20 min. walk) then both of our keys didn't work. We called the front desk and they assured us that security was on their way, but after waiting 15 min. we had to call again. Then when we finally got to our room we discovered a large fan/humidifier that had been placed by the beds due to the flooding and carpet damage. Hence our room smelled terribly of mold/wet carpet. We requested a room change but it was so late ended up waiting until the morning to switch rooms. The second day of our Honeymoon consisted of No Luggage still however we found out that the airport had delivered our luggage at 9pm the night we arrived and at 1pm the Next day the hotel had failed to tell us they had our luggage and we were forced to sleep in our clothes. After complaining/commenting several times to the manager on duty about our frustrations the only thing we were offered were 2 drink tickets and they had to be used between 5:30-7:30pm and were only good for One day. We were Very disappointed in the customer service at this hotel and will Not be staying here again. However we really enjoyed the 2nd part of our honeymoon at the Grand Wailea and for $50 more a night was totally worth it. The Sheraton needs to re-think how they treat their guests, especially for the price. We actually called back when we got home from our Honeymoon and asked to speak to a General Manager and again all we got was an apology but we assured him we would spread the word about our disappointing stay.