Being our first time on Hawaii, we chose Maui as our central island, and Lahaina as our central spot for travelling the whole island of Maui by car. A great place! We chose the Lahaina Inn, as it has been recommended several times in the Internet. After having been there, we cannot quite follow such recommendations. We stayed there for 7 nights in the Mauka Suite. The word "Suite" is not just what we understand it was: just one normal room with a king-size bed and a balkonee. But ok. When choosing a hotel so centrally placed, one would not complaint about noise from bars around, or drunk people on the street, having fun. The trouble arouse the next morning: at exaktly 5:15 a.m. we were thrown out of the bed by a vulkanoe. It turned out to be the trash removal van, directly under our room. This was repeated every single following day - including Christmas - always between 5:15 and 6:00 a.m. The trash car was reliably followed by many other vans or trucks unloding stuff for the shops and restaurants neighboring Front St. So, at least we were early awake to start our aktivities over the island ... The front desk of the "Lobby", only be manned from 8 a.m. To 8 p.m., only very scarcely took note of us, when we were entering or leaving the hotel. A simple "How wre you?" was not granted. If you really have a problem - or simply a question - the front desk reverts you to the manager at the "Royal Lahaina Resort", 10 miles away, who is doing the management of the Lahaina Inn. After 7 nights, we had to move to the room next door, room #1, because when we made the reservation, the Mauka suite was already reserved over Christmas. Room #1, also facing to the front, towards Lahainaluna St., -and only having sight of a small part of the ocean, if you move your head by 90 degrees - is about half the size of Mauka suite, scarcely twice the size of the queen-size bed. And having the same problems with the noise as described for Mauka suite before. Plus: we have been "lucky" to neighboring a female couple in room #2, sitting on the balkonee of their room in the night both after midnight, as well as in the morning as just wakened by the trash removal at 5:15 a.m., and talking so loud, that we could literally understand every single word of their conversation. Internet: Wi-Fi is free one hour (which nobody told us), and then costs 9.95 $/day. Price: for 10 days (7 days Mauka suite and 3 days room #1) we paid over $ 1,800, including a car (economy) and paid parking. Conclusion: we shall definitely come back to Hawaii, but will certainly be more thoughtful, when chosing a hotel.