I stayed at the Westin Verasa Napa this past weekend while on a girls trip to Napa. I am a platinum Starwood member and I had earned a few free resort nights so I booked the room back in June. I had 4 people staying in my room but when I called the Platinum desk I was told that the rooms had a pull out couch and a king size bed so that should be fine. A few days before my check in I emailed the hotel and asked about the likelihood of getting an upgrade. I was told that it could still happen, however, the hotel was very booked. When I arrived at the hotel it was very clear a wedding was happening that weekend and the front desk people seemed very preoccupied with the wedding guests. When I checked in the front desk clerk told me an upgrade was not available but not to worry she would still give me a room with a nice "view". I didn't complain since I knew there was a wedding there and I assumed that paying guests go ahead of guests using points for the room. When I got in to the room I was shocked. The room was very small, just a king size bed and no couch. My friends and I again didn't want to complain so we called to see if we could get a roll away bed. We were then told that our room was TOO SMALL for a roll away bed but they could bring us some sheets so we could sleep on the floor. At that point I went downstairs to the front desk to see if they could either give us a different room for that night or the 2nd night we were staying. They said they would try their best. I called again to get more sheets for the 4th person and the person on the other end of the phone said "oh for the fold out couch?" *grumble* So my friends slept on the floor of the hotel room. I became even more frustrated when we met a few couples in the elevator who had told us that they had rooms with couches even though it was just the 2 of them. One older couple told us that they were checking out and that maybe we could get their room for the 2nd night. The front desk was no help. There were other small issues I had with the hotel that I think probably wouldn't have bothered me had the room situation been okay. The actual hotel itself was nice and I enjoyed the pool and bar/restaurants but the hotel room/ and the front desk being unhelpful kind of put a damper on our stay.