I had called SPG many months in advance of the October 8th weekend. I was reserving 3 rooms with a river view for a 50th Birthday celebration in Napa. I was assured that all would be in order with the best available rooms for each of my guests. I called back about 2 months prior to inform SPG that I was only going to need 2 rooms. At this time I was told there seemed to be something wrong with the reservation and it appeared that I had 3 rooms and they couldnt delete the 3rd room but not to worry because it was at no cost in the system. When I pressed for more information they put me on hold and spoke to a manager. Upon return they told me they were able to remove the 3rd room and I only had 2 rooms reserved. At that time I confirmed the names of the guests to be added to the rooms just to make things easier with checking in, in case we all arrived at different times. However my husband was paying for both rooms and he held one reservation number. Two days before we left for California, SPG called my husband for his credit card information and he was told that we had 3 rooms reserved. He explained that we did not need the 3rd room and that it had been removed from our reservation some months ago. SPG seemed to be quite confused and called the hotel directly. The hotel didnt show an accurate reservation either, and there was still one room showing at no charge. After several minutes of confusion SPG realized that each of them didnt share the same information. Somehow SPG said they fixed the situation and all should be fine when we check in. Upon arrival we were not greeted with a friendly greeting. They couldnt find our reservation by our last name. They found only half of our reservation by our reservation number which we presented from the confirmation email from SPG. The other half was found under one of our friends last name. At no point we were not recognized or asked if we were GOLD SPG members. The front desk woman was not forthcoming and couldnt answer our questions regarding our reservation. She more or less ignored us and then asked to see the ID of our other friend. We presented the ID with no understanding why but then returned it to our friend. Then she presented a card key for my friends room. When we asked about our room she told us there was a problem with the card key machine and couldnt assign us a room. We asked what should we do and she didnt know. My husband informed her we would be in our friends room and to please call us when she could provide a room key. After 30 or 40 minutes we called down to the front desk and was met with a rude women who didnt want to listen to why we were calling asking if our room was ready yet since we calling from a room. After a difficult conversation we were told a bellman would bring up a key card. And he did come up right away. We asked where our room was and was told it was across the hall. Upon entering th new room it was clear this was not what we reserved and it had not river view. We didnt think it was worth the effort to change rooms and just moved in. We were never apologized to and no one ever said anything about the mix up upon check in. It appeared that the attitude of the front desk folks was we were inconveniencing them. On our last day we our bill was not in order. Both rooms were not charged to my husband. The other room was showing a balance. We took both bills down upon checking out and was greeted by a very nice women who was able to rectify the situation and was able to charge both rooms to husbands credit card and actually wished a safe and good trip home. Finally someone who had been trained! After many years of being Westin and SPG members it was a very disappointing experience for my 50th birthday! Especially since the Westin marketing says well experience the Westin Difference! BTW The hotel itself was just ok. There is major road construction in front of the hotel which their website does not mention this. Also for expensive rooms it's nothing special especially if the staff are trained in customer service.