We traveled to Napa for 2 days with our son who was attenting the CIA for his Sommelier training. We are Westin owners and were very excited to visit the new Westin in Napa...until we got there and even after we checked out. We have stayed at many Westin/Starwood properties and never had such a low level of customer service. Sure, the hotel is nice and new, but when you have such horrible service it ruins everything. I was never able to speak to a consierge because I was always told they wouldn't be in until later. The front desk often times did not answer their phone when we called from our room and when we called from outside the hotel. One morning we went to breakfast at The Bank Cafe and it took forever for someone to acknowlege that we were waiting for a table even though they glanced our way several times. After breakfast we went to the very tiny concierge desk (more like a podium) where a gentleman sat. We asked for his assistance and he told us he was just resting there. I then asked if he worked there and he replied "what do ya need?" RUDE! Calling for our car was always a nightmare because there doesn't seem to be a dedicated line for valet. When we asked who to call for valet they just told us to call the front desk, but they didn't always answer. The hotel seems to be very understaffed and that may be part of the problem. When we received our bill the day of checkout, there were charges from the prior guest that had our room and for The Bank Cafe. We did not put any charges for dining on our room...they were always paid with cash. After several conversations with the front desk, the bill was corrected. I was told upon check out that I would be contacted by the hotel manager that afternoon and left my contact info. Two days later, I still had not been contacted by the manager. I was also told that I would have part of my starpoints that we used for our stay returned to my account. I called the hotel back and left a voicemail to which the manager finally returned my call. He was very polite and appologized for the unfortunate experience we had. He promised to email me his contact info. After many more phone calls to the hotel I still have no contact info. I have spoken to a couple people at the hotel that promised my starpoints would be taken care of and it never happened. It's too bad I have had to waste so much of my time trying to deal with the hotel staff. I should have gone directly to Starwood Corporate. Bottom line: The customer service is appaulling!