The only reason this gets any stars at all is that after 2 hours, Eugene (the security manager) finally gave us a room that was acceptable...and by acceptable, I mean a room with 2 beds, since that's what we had originally booked. My friends and I came here for my 25th birthday party. Given the current economy and the off-season, we thought we paid enough (over $200) for a standard room with two beds. Upon checking in, we were informed that we had been "upgraded" to a room with one king-sized bed--for four adults!--because our original room had been given away. We requested to be booked in our original room, and asked for the Manger on Duty, Antonello, who subsequently refused our request. When we said that we didn't want the upgrade, he became visibly upset and informed us that if we wanted a second bed, we should book a second room at our own expense. He insisted that every single room in the hotel with more than one bed was booked, and that at 97% capacity he could only book us an extra room at our cost. We should also note that the Westin gave away our original room with two beds, and Antonello defended this by saying that the reservation was only made for 2 adults. We had put four adults on the reservation, but even so--we pointed out that there would be several occasions on which two adults would want to sleep separately. Antonello simply responded, "that would be their problem." The manager seemed completely unconcerned that with one bed, two girls would be left to fend for themselves on the couch and the floor, despite the fact that one girl in our party was sick. When we brought this up, Antonello sarcastically suggested that we could book the second room on his credit card. Antonello repeatedly lied to us, saying there was nothing he could do until the Security Manager, upon seeing us make a scene in the main lobby, started to book us a superior room with two beds the instant we described the problem. It took us several hours to get to Eugene, who was the first person to treat us like customers, at which point we FINALLY got a room akin to what we had originally reserved. Given that it was already 11:30 P.M, it was clear the room wouldn't have been sold otherwise. It felt demeaning that we had to make a scene to get a room with two beds as originally ordered. The hospitality industry is one that is sensitive, particularly in this type of economy. It didn't seem like it would even remotely be an issue to be accommodated with a second bed (when a second room was entirely unoccupied) after 11:30 at night. We were astounded that the management argued with us, after giving away our original room, and we were appalled. Despite the quality of the room we were given in the end, we would not stay here again to deal with the hotel staff. Don Shindle, you should be ashamed; with management like this, it's no wonder this was the only hotel with vacancy the weekend of the Napa Marathon. NOTE: there is also a $20 mandatory resort fee for parking, spa use, and internet. Revenue enhancement to the nth.