I'll start off saying that i have been travelling to the Mayan Coast for over 20 years now and have stayed at many 5 star resorts in the area and all over Mexico. Check in: The check in was smooth.. lobby is small and underwhelming.. but i don't spend time there so i didn't care. Grounds: Gorgeous and clean Rooms: Villa 14 Room 1414-1 - I bedroom suite ... Nicest room i have ever had.. gorgeous modern decore, 2 bathrooms, great layout for couple or family. Kitchen had no cuterly or dishware but was nice to have large fridge and dining table for room service. Great view of pool ... central location.. 4-5 stroll to lobby... 4-5 minute stroll to beach Huge Balcony with lovely lounge chairs and sitting chairs. Beach: very nice beach for relaxing.. nice views.. not swimable.. if your a big beach swimmer don't come here... but very nice to look at.. we loved it. swing beds on beach that you can reserve with Hugo... Hugo was by far the best person at this resort.. he worked his but off and did everything possible to make everyone's stay enjoyable. I actually saw him spot a gentleman struggling with some baby stuff and ran from the far end of the beach up to the pool area to help him. Such a great guy. Food/Restaurants: HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT. I love my food.. and one of the main reasons i came to this resort...Because the resort markets this as "gormet" i was expecting good food. Not the case in most instances. We tried to get into Japanase restaurant 2 times .. waiting time was an hour. We tried to get into the Italian 2 times.. waiting time over an hour. (comments on Italian later on) The grill and the American restaurant were pretty good. Do not expect to grab ANYTHING IN regards to food and bring to your lounger or room .. they will not ABSOLUTLY NOT let you. Room Service: 5 items for Lunch and Dinner in TOTAL. Very limited selection. Ordered room service 3 times.. 2 of the 3 times was not edible, and was not correct... and was an hour wait.. 3rd time on last day was delicious, correct and only took 15 min. Management here is non existant... at least for us.. and several other couples/families we spoke to. Staff: All very friendly. Managment.. non existant!!! Kid Friendly: Very... great for families with young children.. I don't have children.. but the babies and young kids were so cute to watch. The odd loud kid .. but that's to be expected. Bars: This was very strange.. only bars are swim up bars.. there is absoltuly no where to go to just sit and and have a drink.. or grab a drink and bring to your room or lounger... very strange.. only swim up bars.. and the pools were quite cold... sometimes i just want a drink and sit and relax ... odd! Problems: For the first 3 days we did not have air conditioning. Everyday we called .. they came .. said was fixed after an hour or so of waiting.. and not fixed. Next day we would call.. wait .. they would come .. they would fix .. not fixed.. this went on for 3 days... sleeping at 25 degrees is not easy when you are a women... 45.. if you know what i mean. After our air finally got fixed we had a very bad leak in our ceiling.. I noticed when i almost wiped right out from the flood in our kitchen... once again the maintenance crew was back. this time for a few hours ... said was fixed. Day 5 - another leak in the ceiling.. this time so bad the dry wall came apart and thought the ceiling was going to cave in over cupboards.. yet another maintenance call.. LOL and another visit from our new friends.. the maintenance crew.... and yet again .. not fixed.. LOL Throughout this chaos i had left 4 messages with the Managment.. NO CALL. 2 times i was asked to wait while they located someone in my room and i would get a call back .. no call.. Finally a gentleman by the name of Milton who worked at front desk..took my information.. and actually had the leak fixed.. got us reservations into the Italian for all our troubles.. (many of which i didn't even get into) and said we would be pampered. WELL.. far from that.. my food at the Italian was not edible.. my mothers was delicious.. we waited 15 minutes so i could get something else.. he never came back.. so i just shared my moms.. after 25 minutes.. we just left as we were tired of waiting.. unedible entre still on table.. not my idea of pampering.. LOL But at least Milton tried.. and he was the only one really. We did see all the bad reviews a few days before our departure date and tried to change resorts.. but could not. I do feel because of these previous bad reviews they were trying to make changes in the right direction... not during our stay. The day we were leaving i did see a change in the room service menue.. they added a lot of items. I did see food being served by the pool which was an absolute NO NO the first 6 days. so they are trying.. overall BY FAR THE WORST EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD AT ANY RESORT.. out of 15 visits to AI in mexico. We spoke to about 10 or so other couples / families and they all had there problems too and some were very very upset. No comparision to their sister resort .. El Dorado... NOT EVEN IN THE BALL PARK I WILL NEVER GO BACK.