We just returned on Jan 22, 2012 from the Azul fives, reported as being a 4.5 - it is barely a 3 star. Our experience was bad from arrival, the lobby area and front of the hotel are not welcoming at all. We arrived at noon and were told that our rooms were not ready and to come back at 3pm - we had no one greet us or give us orientation so we did not know where to go or what to do. Finally the room was ready we were told it was deluxe - far from it. The toilet did not work for 3 days, the mirror was off the wall, the safe did not work and the TV did not work. When they came to fix the toilet they left black sole marks on the floor which stayed there for two days. We did not have any contact from the hotel regarding the hotel or the services offered, there was nothing in our room about the restaurants, room service or anything about the hotel. Now comes the bad food....this was our first trip to Mexico but other guest told us the food was of Cuba standard. For a 4.5 star hotel that states "Gourmet" it was terrible - the buffet at Flavours was the worst buffet we have ever been too. There was no steak or seafood available. Our last night dinner we went to the Italian restaurant waited over one hour and then were told we were not on the waiting list - they had written our number on a sheet at the top of the stairs but the one they were working off was down stairs, we saw other guest going in that had come after us so we brought this to their attention and they added us to the bottom of the list, when we went to leave they said they had a table for us.When seated we saw that the restaurant had more empty tables than the number of waiting down stairs. We left before my husbands main course came, the delivered mine when they delivered his pasta course - even this service took a very long time. The only good thing we have to say about this resort is that the breakfast omellets were excellent and Oscar at the Palma pool bar was very nice. If it was not for Marco the concierge (who just happened to come by and ask us how our stay was) our washroom floor would not have been washed nor would the racoon tracks on the terrace have been cleaned up. We will never return to the Azul Fives and will not recommend this hotel to anyone.