Just got back from a week stay at this hotel. Worst resort experience i have ever stayed at. I dont usually complain and take things in stride but after a few days it started to ware on me.. The showers only have hot water for maximum of id say 8 minutes so if you go as a couple best make it quick. Our toilet was at times running non stop and when told maintenance they said it was suppose to be like that. The first night getting their we sat out on our balcony and relaxed and when we went to bed we left the balcony door open to get the breeze in. Apparently you cant have the balcony door open and expect the front door to be closed... we woke up and our door was completely wide open after we had closed it. the breeze through the balcony door opens it, plus the front door didnt always close. we notified the staff but nothing was done. Our neighbours were extremely loud coming home every night at 4am and waking us up. i know this is not the hotel fault but we asked to be moved because after 4 nights of this happening we were very frustrated. they said they would look into and we never heard anything back. The pools are absolutely freezing and the beach in front of the hotel is un-swimable due to the rocks. only place other then restaurants, to get a drink were the pool bars which you had to be in to get a drink or reach around and ask for one. the restaurants had decent food but problem is it takes way to long to get it. typically you put your name on list for table and wait 45 minutes. once you sit down to time you leave it can take anywhere from 1 hour to 2 hours if not more. i saw a family sitting at a table beside me in the asian restaurant where the 2 little kids where falling asleep cause they had been their so long. at night time their is nothing to do you are almost forced to hang out in your room. the entertainment is lacking and the Sky bar is pathetic. your lucky if their is more then 15 people in their and even still takes 15 minutes to get a drink. Out of the 7 days we were their, 3 days our room did not get clean. so no toilet paper, fresh clean towels, no stocking of fridge. the days we got frustrated with the restaurants we called for room service which is just as bad. took just as long and when it got their it was wrong. we asked for water we got beer, asked for cesar salad no chicken and got chicken. we had asked for a king bed and were told we are getting one but when we got to our room it was 2 individual double beds that we had to push together. the final straw was on the morning of check out when we were cleaning out our safe we realized our ipod had been STOLEN!! i know they will try and justify that they cant get into the locks but it bunch of B.S . What if we had locked it upon us leaving the place, how would they get into it then. the funny thing is tho they invite you to a meeting here they want you to buy into this place(timeshare, though they wont tell you thats what it is), not likely going to happen. the resort sucked and it not just my opinion, we talked to about 8 other couples from canada who were their at same time as us and they said all the same. Never again.