We were there Jan 6/12 - Jan 13/12 Don't GO!! We just returned home from what we planned on being a 5 star holiday and it was the farthest thing from it!! We read many of the online reviews both negative and positive and thought they could all be justified. We definately should have realized that from the negative ones they are things to make your holiday not so enjoyable. On a positive note before I get into it, the grounds were in great shape to some extent and the staff was friendly and willing to listen and help where they could. Upon arriving at the resort we dropped another family off at the Valentin which has a beautiful long entry way that is all maintained and professional, arriving at the Fives, mayhave been a trailor park! There was no security checking vehicles and the front door was 50 feet from the main road in, you could see people walking by, random dogs and locals ... you also had to walk by this to get to the main buffett restaurant "worlds cusine" ... to start off we got to breakfast at 9:30 and there we waited in line for over 25 min complaining with the other outside who were no impressed. Upon finally being seated, the inside of the restaurant was not even half full, the buffett itself was mostly empty and the food we did get as often cold, stale or mushy (ie waffles, dont think we ever got a fresh one) breads that I did try were cold as if they had been frozen!! Lunch was a little better as you had some selection. Dinner, restaurants were okay but I don't believe that any of the quality was gormet, 5 star service nor quality. get there early as arriving at 8 may get you a table closer to 9!! Ocean: not really swimable, little to no walk in access (have to stumple over rocks). No rooms are really ocean front and have to walk quite a ways to get to the water!! Kind of a bad thing when you are there for the ocean etc. May as well stay somewhere cheaper not on the water! Bars: only swim up bars near the upper pools, had to stand at edge and yell over the side and pass drinks over the water. They should have foot access!! all swim up bars are on east side of pool too, no afternoon sun and therefore in unheated pools, sitting in the shade and drinking a cold drink in the cold water is often not the greatest. Had the occassional poolside service and often took tipping to get them to come back for repeat service. Rooms: we had a one bedroom suite with penthouse patio and enjoyed it. It was a lot of wasted space that could be better utilized. Kitchen had nothing in it, no plates, cups, anything so may as well not have been there. a/c made the room very damp to the point where bedding and clothes all felt wet. bathing suites would not dry in the room! we read a comment about the dining room light fixture being loud and blowing, thus sounding like someone was breaking in all the time ..... thought they were crazy but once there, that was exactly what it sounded like!!!! It interupted our sleep so much that we had to either turn a/c off or else shut bedroom doors which was just a nusance. There was no nightly entertainment so plan on being early to bed. Sky bar could of had so much potential with stuff going on but was dead from what we saw between 6-10 even 11!! No nightlife for adults and nothing in the common area for the kids... KIDS: so many of them, don't go if you prefer a adults only resort, screaming in restaurantings and whinning, splashing in pools and strollers everywhere!!! We liked kids but I think because they didn't have anything to do with the kids unless send them to the kids camp they were all bored!!! food would also be hard for them imagining feeding my kids from what I saw! Overall message is I would avoid this hotel and not recommend it. If you are not picky and want to pay a premium price without the amenities and conveniences, then this is for you!!! We stayed at the Azul Sensatori last year and I would go abck there in a second, we actually tried to switch to there!! Now that was a 5 star resort and I would recommend it anytime!