The pool and beach are great, there are a few honest and genuinely friendly staff, and some nice rooms, but I would never stay here again. If you do go get the all-inclusive. I went here because my brother had his wedding here -- I just got back yesterday. My girlfriend and I did not sign up for all-inclusive and paid for everything ourselves. We did not receive one bill that did not have extras on it. One bartender took my girlfriends room key and wouldn't give it back insisting that she had an earlier drink that was not paid for and then that he wanted to leave it open. They actually charged me extra for drinks at one dinner using a vodka they don't even stock at the resort at all. We kept all our reciepts after the first time we stopped at the bar and they added two bogus drinks to our bill. This occurred in every bar and restaurant we attended at this place. We got to the front desk and even though we let them know we have all of our receipts they still presented us with a phoney bill. The front desk acutally went through their copy of the signed receipts and pretended to check them off of their list of bills to charge us. I almost fell for it .. they simply checked a couple that they themselves didn't have a bill for at all (niether did we in our copies co-incidentally). Then when we left they accidentaly printed us a copy of the bill with inflated prices on every item on the original bill bringing the total to $150 more than we spent. This was not a mistake -- the staff here has a quota and they are required to steal from you. I have not ever dealt with so many slimeballs in one place in my life. This above is my primary complaint - but we also had to change rooms a few times, because the first one had a leak - water was coming through the light fixtures in the ceiling from the unit above. And every room on the ground level smelled like mold and sulphur. This place has serious plumbing issues. Overall my memory is good of the pool and the beach - pretty much those parts of the trip that were not ruined by the staff at this pathetic place.