I visited Azul Fives over Labor Day weekend. I visited over labor day weekend as guests of some friends who were renting a penthouse for a wedding party. The problems started as soon as we walked in the door. Despite being notified by our friends who were staying there, the desk staff seemed slow to understand that we were visiting and initially would not let us in on the property. They made us stand around for 20 mins while we were explaining that our friends were at a reception and were not reachable at their room. Finally after considerable amounts of pleading, someone tracked down a manager who knew we were coming and we were cleared. If only it were that easy. We basically had to sign three pages of waivers and turn over our driver's license before they let us in the property. What. The. Heck.The worst part was that there were three people in the front. Two girls who were mostly inoffensive, but deferential to the male who worked at the desk. His name was Angel. More about him later. Once we entered, it took us 20 mins before they managed to flag down a golf cart to drive us to the reception site. This wouldn't be so terrible if the golf cart station wasn't right next to the lobby with plenty of empty carts and staff hanging around the front. Once in the property it was great. Beautifully laid out, brand new, great rooms, great views. We returned to my friend's penthouse to chat and grab some food. Our friends were on the all inclusive plan and we were all hungry so I called the operator to connect us to room service. Angel picked up. I politely asked for room service and he gruffly responded "When are you leaving?" I was stunned. I have visited hotels and resorts all over the world. I have NEVER been addressed in such a rude and inhospitable manner. I responded, "Excuse me?" and he went on to rant that he knew I wasn't a guest there and how I couldn't order food, yadda...yadda..yadda. I hung up the phone and told my friends what had happened. They were FURIOUS. Our friends are professional travel agents and booked over 150 people for the wedding on the property. They could not believe I was treated so rudely, especially considering that we were all Americans without distinctive accents so he had no idea that he was talking to me instead of the actual guest of his hotel. Eventually we were able to order food, after calling the front desk several times and talking to the night manager about the horrific treatment we received. It didn't even end there. When we were trying to leave the property we STILL had problems getting a cart to take us to the lobby. We called no fewer than four times and it took us almost 45 minutes before one lazily drove by and picked us up. What's worse, multiple staff members walked by and asked us how we were doing (after all, we're two women standing in the middle of the road). However, when we inquired about the status of our cart they just mumbled an apology and wandered off without attempting to help us resolve our issue. Once we FINALLY got a cart to take us to the lobby, we got our licenses back and asked to speak to the manager. We complained about the service to the manager but she gave us a blank look, not even a halfhearted apology. I got so mad that I simply walked out and waited for a cab. I could not stand to deal with these people any more. Such a shame. It is a beautiful hotel.