OVERALL We just returned from our vacation to Azul Fives (July 24-30, 2011.) We have three boys: 5, 7 and 12. For the money we spent on this all-inclusive resort, it was a colossal mistake. From facilities to service to food it was sub-par. There is no way this is a five-star resort. Please read the write-up below before you make your arrangements. ARRIVAL You enter the resort through a public access road, which is lined with some shacks, a local pool area, a mini-mart (Oxxo) and an above-ground water purification site (purifying yet to happen.) It is not a site that puts you in a vacation mood. The hotel entrance resembles a Springhill Suites or Comfort Inn. It is not ugly, but not impressive either. The check-in process was, again, comparable to a business budget hotel. It was satisfactory, but not impressive and certainly did not make you feel like an honored guest. We received a book summarizing the resort (almost all of the data in the book was incorrect...restaurants not open, times were incorrect, age limits for programs were wrong. We received a ride to our room in a golf cart and a "tour" of the property, consisting of pointing in the general direction of buildings. ROOMS We picked the resort for a number of reasons (as filtered through our travel agent.) One of the reasons was that we wanted a suite so that we had a room connected to our childrens' room. As it turns out, there are no true suites or connected rooms. There is a shared vestibule with an outside door and two separate rooms with their own doors. This made us uncomfortable as the kids feel very far away from you. One of us slept in the kids room on most nights. Our first room had a remarkable view of a partially constructed concrete wall and the same public access road described above in the arrival section. The next morning the view was "enhanced" with a dozen construction workers right beside our balcony, building the wall. The second "suite," and you can see the experience is going great so far, was the same set-up, but smaller than the first. It was on the ground floor and our patio looked out on the "beautiful" kitchen next to a pool which we could not see...Fantastic for sitting out on the patio and feeling like you were at home, looking at your neighbor's house...not exactly five-star views. As a note and contrary to what is intimated, there are no beach-front rooms. You will have, at best, a view of the jungle or a pool. BEACH - POOLS One of the other reasons we selected this resort was that they promised a beach. We even took the step of calling and having our agent call to the resort and ask if there was a nice beach and that there were no rocks there. There is a beach, meaning sand and chaise lounges. However, if beach means walking into the water, forget about it. The water is all rock; pitted limestone with ankle-breaking holes and shells. We tried to get to deeper water the first day and almost made it, but not without a little bloodshed. We found a walk out area at different resorts about 3/4 of a mile down the beach and another one about 3/4 of a mile up the beach. Of course, because they weren't part of our beach, we couldn't get chairs or towels, but at least we could swim. We ended up going to a public beach at Playa del Carmen one of the days. We did enjoy the water, but it was crowded and cost about 9 bucks to rent chairs and about 40 dollars for lunch and drinks. By the way, the resort is bordered on both sides by public access walkways so there will be local families and fisherman who will be right beside you as you are on the beach. It made us a bit uncomfortable with our kids the first day or two. We also saw pictures of the pools when we were researching and they looked very nice. They were nice enough, but the main pool was shut down in the evening; closed completely twice and, as is detailed below, did not have drinks available all the time and certainly not after 5:30pm. You also could not swim after 11pm or before 6am. This was not an issue for us, but you should know about it before you go. Bring your own goggles, snorkels, etc. There was nothing there and there was also no buckets or any other items for kids to use for fun. SERVICE AND BARS The service was horrid! The staff did say "Hola" everytime they walked by, but little else. Getting answers to questions like, "Is there an ATM?" or "What fun stuff is there to do?" or "Can I get something to eat?" seemed near impossible. On the three occasions my wife and I wanted a beer at the swim-up pool, they were out of beer. Twice, they were out of ice for daquaries. The swim-up bars closed, theoretically at 6 pm, which is already bad enough, but but they started closing as early as 5. The staff didn't even look at you when you went to the bar for a drink, but instead kept cleaning. When you asked for a drink, they just mumbled, "closing." This happened every day at the main bar. Our youngest two were ignored unless our oldest or my wife and I were with them. Even after monetary tips to the bartenders and servers, drinks were hard to come by. CLEANLINESS The rooms were clean enough when we arrived, but the service to them was spotty. One day the coffee mugs were not replaced and only one room had its bed made. The floors were not cleaned all week and the showers were not cleaned the last three days. The outside was fairly clean and the restaurants and public areas seemed clean enough. The grounds were very well manicured. There was a ton of construction. There was a restaurant shut down; two areas were barricaded by large sections of plywood; walls were being constructed. It was like living inside a renovation for a week...not exactly relaxing. We are in Mexico, so you have to expect some insect life. There were mosquitos, spiders, ants and a very large (2-inch) bug which looked a little like a locust. We were ok with mosquitos. The "locust" was our guest for the week, but he mostly kept to dark areas. The spiders we killed. There was also a bug that was not quite distinguishable after my wife squished it. None of this was overwhelming, but you should be prepared for it. SPA My wife and I did a couples massage. It was one of the highlights of the resort experience. The staff was nice. It was a relaxing area and the cold/hot tubs, sauna and steam rooms were great. RESTAURANTS There are really only two restaurants. One is near the check-in area and is more family-oriented with a buffet-style selection and different types of food each night. The other restaurant pretends to be three with one under construction. However, all of these restaurants share one kitchen. We are not sure if this is what caused slow services or not, but the service was VERY slow. The selection of meals for kids at Tsuki (Asian) was not great and they didn't seem to want to accomodate requests. We ended up taking the kids to the buffet at Flavours for dinners, even if we (mom and dad) ate at one of the other locations. The portions are incredibly small. The duck entree, which tasted great, included three, 2-inch by 1/2 inch strips of duck and a tablespoon of carrots and greens. My 12 year old needed to go to the buffet afterward to get more food. The sushi was good as well. The desserts were portion-size challenged, too. The cheesecake was a one-inch diameter cupcake on a plate. It was less than a bite and that was all you received. We were only on site for lunch twice (see beach and pool section.) Only one restaurant was open for lunch. The kids pizzas and hamburgers were ok and the "barbeque area" which served chicken and sausages was, likewise alright, but was far away from the pool areas and had little selection (not even cheese for the hamburgers!) Service at the lunch areas was also very slow. It took 45 minutes to get a meal of a warmed up pizza for each of my sons and a hamburger. Also, beware of some extra charges for room service ($6 Delivery charge) and for top-level wines. We waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for a room service delivery the one time we used it. ENTERTAINMENT and KIDS CLUB The nighttime entertainment was another bright spot. It was a little hokey (think Dirty Dancing) but good. The fire show was good and the carribean dancing show was also very good. The daytime entertainment, was a little less than we expected, but they tried. Our young kids liked the one day that they were at Kids Club. There were games, a gymboree kind of area and a small pool. The staff seemed nice. There was a bit of a language barrier. It was good for kids under age 8. There was nothing for our 12 year old to do at all (he did not stay there.) According to the booklet, there was supposed to be a teen kids club, but, as it turned out, there was not. It was a tough resort for him as the adults ruled the pool and the young kids were in kids club. The Tweeners and teenagers all looked bored.