These issues have all been discussed with and acknowledged by hotel management. -No hot water in suite, due to the fact that a tank has to be replaced which obviously cannot be done during our stay. They offered to chage the hot water tank in the room on our last day... after repair men had made 5-6 attempts of fixing it. -bathroom in master locked, multiple requests made to open it, situation resolved after 3 DAYS! -no premium liquor anywhere on premises, although this was advertised on website. We had to pay an employee to purchase liquor for us. Incidentally, we asked for a certain brand of alcohol that we know well, they brought us something totally different under the pretense that it was the requested liquor. -no mini bar/alcohol in room as advertised -prior to our arrival, we were reassured that the bedrooms in the 2 bedroom penthouse suite would be comparable to each other. As a matter of fact, we called several times just to make sure. When we arrived, we saw that was not true. We were told that the 2 beds in the 2nd bedroom would be able to be put together as one (as if it was one bed with no space between it). In reality, they just pushed the 2 beds together, with separate linens with a big space between it. It took 3 nights before the bed was put together in an acceptable way. I did not come on vacation with my spouse to sleep on opposites sides of a bed. -we placed a do not disturb sign outside our room, however, that did not stop employees from entering our room. Which I am sure you can agree that this is an extreme violation privacy. -the hotel's beach was not accessible, the ocean is very rocky and we had to walk up to other hotels to access their beaches. -one of the closets in the suite was locked and they said that they couldn't open it at all. -very difficult to receive bottles of water. Each time we had to ask several times before we got anything. -very slow and unresponsive service in general. It seems the only way to receive decent service is to tip the employees. As a result, we have spent a few hundred dollars just to receive service that should be expected and standard anyway -we requested to speak with a manager one evening and waiting 2 hours, they never showed up -the food is advertised on website to be gourmet. The food was prepared cold, at times uncooked and really just didn't taste good. This seemed to be the consensus among other guests at the hotel as well. As a result, to have good food, we had to have our dinners in town and spend even more money. -housekeeping was cleaning one room in the suite, while the other room door was left wide open for anyone to come into -this hotel has been open for only several months, but it doesn't look like it. The kitchen appliances were filthy, stained and didn't look like they have ever been cleaned. What is the point of providing a kitchen when it is too dirty to use? -it is unfortunate that we had to spend much of our time on vacation unhappy, dissatisfied and constantly on the phone trying to find a resolution.