Before our trip I went on trip advisor just like you are probably doing and found it very hard to believe that some of the negative reviews were true. The people who wrote them I thought were just very picky travelers and so I went there with my husband and 2 year old son with an open mind. Unfortunately more than all of those reviews happened to us as well. I cant believe I am writing this and need to just list for you all of the negative things that happened to us during our stay. If I had to explain it all in detail it would be a novel. Please feel free to email me if you have any further questions. I highly recommend NOT staying at this hotel. 1. We were greeted at the front desk by a man that had no idea how to communicate in English to direct us to where we could go to grab lunch while we waited for our room to be ready. He obviously was not well trained. 2. We ate at multiple restaurants that sometimes took 2 hours with a small child just to be served lunch. Also at quite a few meals one of our dishes would come out and the rest of the tables food came a long time after. 3. Experienced a blackout in our room and nobody could explain to us what happened. 4. Maid service was inconsistent. When we called for things like water and extra towels we sometimes had to call 5times to get it! 5. We paid for the all-inclusive meal plan and the room service menu had a VERY limited menu 6. Maids would just walk into our room to deliver shampoo and things we never called for at 10pm at night(we have a 2 year old in the room with us). It was completely inappropriate! At that time of night they should never enter someones room. 7. We were upset the first two days with a lot of this stuff and went to the front desk to speak to the hotel Manager and instead they told us to fill out a comment card and that the manager was in a meeting and would contact us as soon as he was out. We waited and waited and NEVER heard from him! We went back to the front desk the day before we left and they told us to fill out another comment card And we Sid we already had and we asked what ever happened with the manager contacting us.....and the man told us he could try and have him contact us before we leave but he was in Miami so he couldn't promise anything. That to me was outrageously POOR customer service. 8. Forty dollars was stolen from my husband. 9. Pools were cold 10. No direct access into the ocean....you need to walk down another beach to get in. 11. We had a couples massage at the spa that was supposed to be a daily special/promotion and the hotel charged us the day the service occured and then added on more charges at the end of the trip to account for the exchange rate. We should have been charged the rate on the day the service occurred. We spoke to a woman or manager of the front desk "Vanessa" and she lied to us about the extra charge and when we looked at all the math she had pulled a fast one on us and actually charged us more than we were promised. Good luck to the management at this hotel because I am a frequent traveler and will not be recommending this hotel to anyone. This is the worst customer service I have ever received on a vacation!