After reading all of the great reviews on the hotel I am very confused. I was there as part of a family reunion of 19 people and none of us were happy with the hotel. The best part was that it was quiet and you could always get seating at the pools or the beach. However, the food was not good, particularly at the buffet and it was very inconsistent. An example would be the chocolate lava cake at the Sea Olive restaurant. One day it came at room temperature, the next day it came with no chocolate in the center and the next day it came literally still frozen so hard that you could knock it against the table. And it was the same thing with everything we ordered. It began to be our little game each night to see what new way the meal would be different. Iceberg lettuce instead of romaine in a ceasar salad, tenderloin steak when striploin was ordered, fajita's with spicy sauce, fajita's with no spicy sauce. Seriously, every time we went the meals were presented differently, and I'm even talking about the same dish, the same night for two different people at the same table. For a resort that bills itself as a "Gourmet Inclusive" the food was not good. Also because we had 8 rooms booked we knew how the service was different between the rooms. Some would get their mini fridges refilled, while others had to call three and four times to get it done. Some got turn down service with chocolates and fruit baskets and towel animals and others got nothing. I know what you are thinking, they probably didn't tip. Wrong, in a one week stay we tipped over $300 for just my husband daugher and I, and I know the others were tipping well also. As for the rooms, they looked good on the surface as they were large and do look like the photos on the website, however they weren't very clean. I wrote the date in the dust on the shelves above the bed. The room smelled like sewage, (six of the seven rooms had that problem). We never had towels or soap in the half bath off of the kitchen until the last day, we didn't get a bath mat until the last day, and everthing needed a really good wipe down. Three of the rooms had flooding from the toilet tank (no sewage, just water), but if we hadn't been in our room when it happened and quickly turned off the water, it would have flooded. Speaking of flooding, the last two days that we were there, water was flowing under the doors into the outdoor hallway area and down to the ground from the third floor of villas 10 and 11. One of the things that really bothered us was that we were told that this hotel was great for family reunions and would cater to large groups. Not true, they wouldn't even give us one night where they would put tables together so that we could have a family dinner. And they could have, because they did it for a wedding while we were there. Their website says that they do bonfires at the beach, which they did not. They were supposed to have butler service at the beach, but they don't. And whatever activities they have are not posted anywhere, so you really don't know what is available. There is no ATM on site and they couldn't make change at the front desk. In fact one day we asked for change so that we could continue to tip the staff and we were told that the staff was paid a wage and it wasn't necessary to tip them. The beach was nice if you just wanted to lay in the sun or play volley ball, but if you wanted to go in the water then you needed to walk down to another resort and use their beach, as the area in front of Azul Fives had too much coral. The one shining spot for us was the swim up bar on the pool side of villa 11. The food there was good and the service could not have been better. The only down side is that it closed by 6. Basically, because it was billed as a five star "Gourmet Inclusive" we had certain expectations. If we had paid less and been told to expect a three star, with so so food and service, we would have been happy. I had a nice vacation because I was there with great people and the weather was wonderful, which made up for the shortcomings of the resort, but I am still confused as to how other people are writing such different reviews based on their experience.