I am normally the first one to gloss over the "one star" reviews and simply chalk it up to someone who is simply impossible to satisfy. I am perhaps one of the most laid back and easy going travelers you are going to come across. Give me a nice location, a comfortable room, and a decent hotel restaurant (if its too cold to go exploring) and I am a happy camper. We were flying in for a morning meeting and opted to come in the afternoon prior to rest up and be close and well rested for the meeting the next day. The check in at the Lenox was very quick and very straightforward. They were able to check us in quickly, make some suggestions about what to see in the area as well as were to eat if we were looking for something interesting. The hallways on the floors that have rooms are very interesting and very wide, it was nicely done with nice accent lighting which truly offered that "boutique" feeling, however the rooms themselves are small. It doesn't really bother me, as long as you can fit a King sized bed, a TV, and room for my suitcase I am fine, however I couldn't have stayed there for more then a few days without feeling like I was in a cage. The most disappointing thing was the bathroom, I kept looking around for hooks to confirm my fear that they simply converted a closet into a bathroom. I am not a massive man by any stretch but the space around the toilet did not make for comfortable sitting, and I kid you not I almost stepped into the toilet as I came out of the shower. The bed itself; solid. No complaints, I slept well, the alarm worked. However and perhaps this just me, I was a little thrown off that there was no phone on either bed side table. That is annoying for me but perhaps would be a non factor for many travelers who simply do not use the hotel phone anyway. The following morning however was when it all came apart. We had shipped a package to the hotel, which had arrived the day prior to our check in. We asked the front desk if they had received it, and we were told they did not. They insisted that hotel policy required any packages to be delivered immediately to the guest or handed over at check in to the guest. We were told several times that any packages for guests were left at the front desk and if it was not in their hands they had not received it. Originally we assumed it was a FedEx issue; We went to our meeting and apologized that the material had not arrived with the hope that the package would have arrived by mid morning, we called the hotel twice in the morning to see if it had arrived and they very adamant that it had not. We were finally able to reach our logistics department to get a tracking number, and it had been delivered and signed for by the front desk the day prior. Once we called back and explained it had been delivered they found the package within five minutes, I guess they actually took the time to look this time. Aside from embarrassment this caused at our presentation, the main reason why this was so frustrating was because no one took the time to look for the package. Three different employees insisted that hotel policy was to inform the guest immediately on receipt or during check in. They relied so heavily on this policy that no one bothered to even look for the package, which as explained took all of five minutes for them to hunt down once we explained it had been delivered the day prior to the front desk. This is an aesthetically stunning hotel; the curb appeal and the lobby appeal are wonderful. Its in a great neighborhood in the heart of Boston and very convenient if you are seeing the sites. In short; as a tourist this is not a terrible place to stay. However its very clear that the tourist is their niche, and there is nothing wrong with that. From a business travelers stance, this hotel simply lacks the mindset or the interest. We stayed at the Back Bay Hotel during our next stay and they seemed to be far better suited for the basic needs of a business traveler, so its pretty clear a Boutique hotel can be the best of both worlds; just not in the case of the Lenox.