7 days before the trip I tried to book a room for me and my colleagues. The next day got an email saying "your credit card transaction was not authorized ". I asked my colleague to make a reservation using her credit card and it successfully worked. Replied the hotel that I got my reservation done by my colleague and everything is ok. The next day I got a letter saying that the first transaction wasn't authorized and I replied that I got another reservation for the same quantity of rooms for the same period. The next day I got a similar message and replied in a same manner. The next day one more similar message but this time I wrote to leave me alone and to forget the previous reservation. The next day got again a similar email and again answered and said not to bother me anymore with this issue. After 3 days, during check in I found out that they charged me for the room and haven't received any message from me. I was supposed to forward all the messages to them to proof it. It took me an hour to negotiate with them. The guy on phone (from reservation department) said "it's our mistake and we deeply apologize for the situation" and said that will immediately Void the transaction. Then I told him that I need my money back since I was planning to do some shopping. He said, "your money would be back latest tomorrow evening". 5 days passed I tried to settle my account for breakfast and I found out that the re is no money on my card. Called the guy from a reservation department and asked what a hell... where is my money, he asked for some time to consult with accounting department. Few hour later I called him back as he didn't call and he said that they could do nothing and my money will be back next week. To cut this in short, They charged me 780$ for nothing, promised to refund in two days, didn't do it even in a week and left me without money in a foreign country. While knowing that I don't have any other money and this all happened because of their mistake. Strongly do not recommend to stay at this hotel, the reservation department treats Accor customers like a trash!!!!!!