We recently (9/3/11) booked a room at this hotel with a late arrival check in. We arrived around midnight (one o'clock our time) after traveling 4 hours to watch my son play football in the rain for 3 hours and then another hour to the hotel to find out they had overbooked the hotel and did not have the non smoking room available that my confirmed reservations called for. After arguing for several minutes we were told there was nothing they could do but they would try and find us another hotel if we wanted but because it was Labor Day weekend it might be hard to get another reservation. Because it was late we agreed to check out the room before deciding whether to stay. The Manager went with us to the room and when we stepped out of the elevator into the hallway the smell was so bad I thought I was going to be sick. It was a mixture of marijuana and some other horrible smell. There was also food setting out in the hallway that smelled horrible as well. When we entered our room you could definitely tell it was a smoking room but we were only staying long enough to sleep and leave so we took the room. The only thing they agreed to compensate us for was a free breakfast (which they offer online anyway) We did not take the free breakfast because we didn't get up early enough and I could have cared less about the breakfast. We booked through Magellan Vacations (which was recommended on Trip Advisor) which is a luxury hotel reservation service and they are available 24/7 so I decided to call them and complain as well. They were very friendly and immediately called the hotel while I was on hold but it did absolutely no good and because of the Holiday weekend they would have to wait until Tuesday before they could call anyone. They did follow up on Monday and insured me they would call me on Tuesday however I had to call them back on Thursday. I was told the Hotel was not willing to compensate me in any way except giving me a free upgrade next time we were in Chicago. I have only been to Chicago twice and if I return I will definitely not be staying at the Fairmont so I refused the offer. Also observed another upset customer when we walked up to the check in counter and then 2 young girls were trying to check in and were being told the same as us. No non smoking rooms available even though they had reservations. They were not happy and demanded they find them another hotel. Not sure if they found one or not. We travel frequently and have NEVER EVER been told that a hotel had overbooked and we had to take a smoking room or nothing.