Three months ago (2/22/11) I booked a night at the Fairmont Chicago through Expedia. I arrived at the hotel at Noon (three hours before check in). The check in clerk excused himself because he "had to check something." The front office manager came to the desk and apologized that the Fairmont had oversold that night and could not accommodate us; instead, the Fairmont would pay for our night's stay at another hotel "just a few blocks away." The Fairmont manager ostensibly called the other hotel in our presence to confirm the reservation. We had to retrieve our car from the valet and drive to the other hotel, which was much farther than a few blocks away, a far inferior hotel, and most inconvenient to the places we would be going while in Chicago. When we arrived at the second hotel, the hotel personnel had no idea who we were, had no reservation for us, and had no availability except a smoking room, which of course was completely unacceptable. When that hotel called the Fairmont manager, she claimed that she had sent us to the wrong hotel and the hotel where she had booked us was miles away. My husband told her this was unacceptable and he booked us at a Marriott. We were only able to get a room there because of my husband's frequent traveler status with the Marriott. In the meantime, I was nearly late for my afternoon meetings in Chicago, was deprived of any time for lunch, and was forced to go to my meetings almost late, hungry, and a bit disheveled because I had no time to freshen up in my hotel room as I had originally planned. I am absolutely astonished at how the Fairmont treated us like we were trash from the street (despite the fact that I was dressed in a suit--not that that should matter). Since we were so early to check in, I can only conclude that we were singled out to be booted from the hotel because we booked through Expedia, but if the hotel intended to refuse us service, why didn't the hotel have the common courtesy to let me know in advance so that I could make other arrangements? And why did your manager lie to us about the second hotel? Incidentally, while the Fairmont manager told us that all hotel expenses--including parking--would be paid by the Fairmont, we were in fact stuck with the parking bill of $52 at the Marriott.