I booked this trip on a Tuesday morning at least a month before the travel date through orbitz online using the option to buy a package and "save" money. I purchased a king room for 3 days and paid more for the room. No more then 15 minutes later after booking I contacted orbitz realizing I needed to change plans. Usually this is no problem as you always get some kind of grace period. Orbitz personnel contacted the Blake Hotel and spoke to the manager on duty that told orbitz and, in turn me, that there was no way to change anything or cancel without losing all my money. Knowing that I would lose close to a thousand dollars for the flight and hotel I moved my plans to now coincide with my expensive mistake. I arrive at the hotel after a long flight and many delays due to weather in Chicago to find that the Blake Hotel had overbooked and already gave all king bed rooms away for the evening. The hotel that was completely inflexible after making reservations was now expecting me to be flexible. I was told they had nothing other than a smaller twin bed room. I thought this was unacceptable and that they should upgrade or refund my money, but I was told both options were impossible. I was left with no option but to take the room. I was told to ask at the front desk the next day and maybe something would become available. I explained that I did not want to go through the hassle of waiting around the next day hoping for a different room and then, if available, changing rooms when I am supposed to be celebrating my fiances birthday. If it had not been 11pm and my fiances birthday the next day I would have found another hotel. I received no compensation other than 2 drink tickets to a bar in the hotel that was already closed. In the past, I have stayed at this hotel many times, mainly because of the price, and have accepted the little problems/ inefficiencies that make it a 2 or 3 star hotel but this kind of treatment should never be acceptable to anyone who pays over 20 dollars for a room in any hotel. My advice, pay a little more for the Drake, the Knickerbocker, the Swissotel or any other hotel where the staff treats you like a human being and chooses to honor their rigid, totally inflexible booking policies that they expect you to abide by, instead of simply worrying about the bottom line.