I stayed at this hotel because I found a reasonable internet rate for what was supposed to be a quality hotel, and the location was great for mt personal 5 day discovery tour of Chicago. Unfortunately I had such overwhelming problems during my stay, that I had to check out after 2 nights and find another hotel. My major issue was with the bathroom, which may have been partially designed to be handicapped accessable or was using the new concept of a "wet" room. Anyways it was all marble (synthetic?) with no lip around the shower area. There was a drain in the shower area as well as in the middle of the room, and I think the water was supposed to drain out in the shower area. Instead it spread accross the floor to the other drain and when I stepped out from the shower area, I immediately slipped and fell on my butt. When I contacted the Front Desk they had no concern about my fall and no understanding of my problem. Eventually they sent a housekeeper and I thought I would get some help cleaning up, but she could not speak English and appeared to be mad at me for all the water on the bathroom floor. I finally grabbed a bunch of towels from her cart and mopped up the mess myself. Later I asked if the drains had been cleared and if some shower mats had been placed in my room, but no one seemed to know about my problem. The next day I went out into the hallway and grabbed extra towels off one of the housekeeping carts so that I had a nice soggy floorcovering which was not slippery and was somewhat safer, if still unpleasant.. Then I was forced to go outside the hotel once again, on a cool and grey morning, to grab some breakfast at the local unfriendly diner because the hotel had no breakfast in spite of the posters in the elevator. I realized as I came back into the hotel, that the lobby had the same marble as the bath, and it struck me that with the possibilty of rain later that day, that I could probably slip and fall once again, as the floor was quite uneven. The prospect of another scary shower and scavaging for more towels, as well as the thought of going out again in bad weather to even get a cup of coffee, led me to check out immediately. I ended up at the Chicago Hilton, which also had a reasonable rate, and had functional bathrooms as well as food! In fact the location was even more ideal and I was quite impressed by their great service, as well as the great quality of my room.