Stayed at the Blake hotel for three days this month. Having stayed many times in Chicago, I wanted to try a different hotel (usually stay at the Sofitel or the W). Chicago was pretty booked that week so the reviews from the Blake were reassuring and wereally looked forward to the trip. Well, so much for truth in advertising. Where to begin? The service can't be faulted as there wasn't any. Their website talks of a choice of daily newspapers. Your choice is USA Today (or as we refer to it - McNews). But the best partt was, after seeing no paper outside our door, I went downstairs and was told I'd have to pick it up from the front desk. I requested that it be delivered and the dead-eyed receptionist just shrugged and walked away. The next day, a zombie who relieved the dead-eyed guard told me they could get me a newspaper if I wanted one. This was as I had one from the Starbucks across the street under my arm. I requested one for the next day. Never received one unsurprisingly. Three requests to have the room cleaned were met with a very kurt "well the next shift will be there soon - there's a convention in town". Every time the room was "serviced" there was of course something missing - no coffee or too few towels, etc. We alerted the rather annoyed front desk manager that there had been a room service tray in our hallway for over 8 hours and it was finally removed. 2 hours later. The room itself was not what we booked. When I booked it I expected one of the suites listed on their website. They have no suites I was told when I checked in. The rate was exorbitant for the size room we received. In response I got one of their patented shrugs. I asked to speak with the manager. She shrugged again and said she wasn't sure when he'd get there. "He drops in". The best part of this stay were the doormen who seemed genuinely embarrassed by the lack of services. That was when there was a doorman. It looks like they're cutting back on services as teice we arrived at night and there was no one to be found in the lobby. No doorman, no desk service. At one point we sat there just to see how long it would take to have someone show up. After a half an hour the novelty wore off. If anyone's in the market for some white vases, stop by the Blake after 10 and they're yours for the taking. Anyone in the market for good service and good value, steer clear of this two star rip-off.