I and my friend stayed there between December 25th and 26th, 2010. I paid $214.20 for the room. Later on, I found another $200 charge by the Swissotel in my credit card statement. As it turned out, the unexpected charge was for a missing multipurpose alarm clock, which I did not recall seeing at any point during my stay (to clarify, I saw no clock in the room at all). The situation has been handled very poorly. There are three separate issues here. Firstly, they did not make any attempt to reach out to me  a customer  regarding the missing item. I deposited my luggage at the hotel concierge after the check out for seven hours and could have simply allowed them to search my luggage if they were eager to do so. Secondly, they did not make any attempt to inform me regarding the $200 charge. From my perspective, this is ironically an act of theft; I was robbed $200 behind my back. Thirdly, I practically have to bear the burden of proof. I had to call several people at the hotel simply to obtain the details of the $200 charge. A few of them indicated that they would return my phone calls to no avail. In addition, I am under the impression that I must be responsible for the imaginary $200 alarm clock regardless. Frighteningly, someone who had an access to the room could have emptied the mini bar, stealing any items (bathrobes, TV, and so on), etc. And I could end up being responsible for thousand dollars for these missing items without any means to prove otherwise. That is, I would be deemed a theft while actually being robbed regardless. On a positive note, the hotel stay itself was as pleasant as the last time that I stayed in 2007  which was the main reason that I chose Swissotel over many other hotels in Chicago, especially the Renaissance which is my focal choice elsewhere. And I should recognize one of the receptionists  I believe her nickname is Nazir (she has a long last name)  for her exceptional services. All these make it rather sad that I will never stay in any Swissotel hotels again for my entire life. Oh! If you are a thief, try not to leave your credit card account there since they will charge you later on. And for those who are not a thief, you may want to ask for a check-in checklist so that you can walk through and make sure that there is nothing missing during your stay. Surachai Khitatrakun