When my boyfriend and I stayed here for our anniversary, I loved it. We upgraded to a suite and everyone was so helpful and nice that I wanted to return. BIG MISTAKE!!!! I went back a few months later with my best friend. All on the way from Milwaukee I was telling her how everyone was so nice and the rooms are beautiful. We get there and they tell us they overbooked the hotel and they were moving us to a suite but that it was just like as a regular room. I get to the "ROOM" and it was horrible. It was an office space with a murphy bed, they said it was a king size bed. No my queen size bed at home was bigger than that. The shower was nasty and the door wouldnt close. The tub had a semidirt ring ughhhhhhhhh. I went downstairs to complain and some man said in a very condecending tone, "Well when you book off of Hotwire you get what we give you" Excuse me, I pay my money like everyone else. He then told me that they have no more rooms available and i was just going to have to deal with it since i was only staying a night. O really?? I called from my cell phone and asked if they had any rooms available and they said yes its blah blah blah. I went downstairs and complained some more. Is this how they treat everyone or is it because I look a lot younger than I am? I asked to speak with a manager before I lost my cool with him. They got me someone else and all they could give me was breakfast. We came down for a party and werent going to be up by breakfast time. I walked away and went to get ready for my party. It was an all white affair(everyone wears white clothing) and the iron spit black gunk on my white pants, glad I had a backup. The next morning at checkout, the woman i spoke with was very nice she apologized for the man last night comp'd me lunch and took care of my parking. It was a nice gesture but still didnt take away from them putting me in an office. I wouldnt recommend it to anyone. Hotwire refunded my stay and asked if that ever happened again to call them a.s.a.p and they would move me to a different hotel