With the exception of the hotels location it was otherwise a huge disappointment ! I booked through Alpharooms as it was less expensive than booking with the hotel directly (although it was by no means cheap  around $180 per nights for a twin room) but what I didnt realise is that I would be treated as an inferior guest. I felt like a second class citizen. I e-mailed the hotel about 5 weeks before I was due to arrive  requesting that they confirm the reservation and asking them to note my request for a room on as high a floor as possible. (the hotel has over 40 floors). They didnt bother to reply to my e-mail. When I checked in on arrival a rather frosty-faced receptionist whose English seemed limited (although this may just have been due to her extremely formal manner) told me that the highest floor she could offer was the 10th. There was no mention that they had received my e-mail requesting a high floor but regretted that non were available nor was there an explanation of their policy (as I later found out) that the higher floors were reserved for their frequent guests or for those who had paid a higher room rate. The room I had been allocated had been adequately made up but was far from clean - I could write my name in the dust on the shelf above the bed. I phoned down and explained this to the reception and told them the room was unacceptable as it was. They didnt seem particularly interested in my complaint but merely sent a key up for another room which was on an even lower floor. Two evenings later I had to get dressed to go down to the bar as they had not bothered to restock my minibar  again when I mentioned it to reception they didnt seem interested. The final straw was that the day before leaving I returned to my room one afternoon to find that someone had been in and left a part used packet of cigarettes there. I mentioned this to the reception by phone and again as I was going out later that evening but again they didnt seem interested. The cigarettes I assume (and hope!) were left by the maid (although it was a non-smoking floor). The worst senario is that an unknown person had been in my room whilst I was out. The hotel didnt seem interested so I will never know. I certainly would not recommend this hotel and if this is the typical standard of Swissotels then I would not consider staying in one again.