I had heard of Swissotel and had the impression that it was a high quality hotel. Unfortunately, for my family and I that just was not the case. My family and I recently stayed in the Chicago hotel, (9/4 - 9/7) and I was so completely disappointed in both the room and the service that not only will I never stay in one of their facilities again, but I will certainly encourage all of my friends and family to do the same. I was lucky to have come across a wonderful promotion through QuikBook that offered both a discounted rate as well as a Breakfast Buffet for any attendees between August and the end of September. So, I booked our trip and my family and I were very excited about our trip. When we arrived the person who checked us in said that he had no record of our complimentary Breakfast Buffet, and after showing him my confirmation from QuikBook he said that he would have someone bring the certificates to our room later. I also inquired about the possibility of a corner room and a view of the water which I had requested with my reservation. The gentleman explained to me that since I had requested two double beds, no corner room offered that accommodation they only offered a single king size bed. I told him no problem and since he didn't mention the water view I assumed he had assigned that to me. When my family and I got to our room we were extremely disappointed to find that our view was over a very large dirt lot, (I believe the building next door had been torn down) and no water in sight. I called the front desk before we even set our suitcases down and asked if we could switch rooms. Basically, I was told that because I had booked through QuikBook I was getting the best room I could expect for the rate that I paid. I asked to speak to the manager on duty, (John Murdock) who told me that he could do nothing to help me, he reiterated again because I had booked through QuikBook that they would not accommodate me and if I didn't like it I could leave and he would not charge me a cancellation fee. I was shocked and scared!! At this point it was close to 2 pm and my first fear was that my family and I would be stranded in Chicago with no available rooms at a reputable hotel. I called QuikBook and was relieved to have been able to speak with a live person who immediately called the hotel to work everything out. Thank goodness someone was available at QuikBook, (but again had the manager been the least bit sympathetic or helpful, he could have accomplished the same thing!) Anyway, they ended up moving us to another room that did have a water view, but after we got settled in the room we realized that they had just pawned us off on a room with a view, yes, but with a multitude of other problems. Due to the location of our room we heard the elevator go up and down all hours of the day. There was no lid over the water reservoir on our coffee maker. The telephone on the desk did not work. The clock did not work. They locked us out of our room on the second day and did not clean our room until we got back at 6 pm. We requested additional towels and pillows and it was only after the third request that we got them. Honestly, I felt that because I had complained the manager was going out of his way to irritate us. You may be thinking that I am a difficult person because you don't know me or anything about me. But, I can tell you that this is the first time I have ever written a complaint letter and I have stayed in a variety of different hotels and have experienced all kinds of situations. We travel extensively and I can tell you that the scenario in Chicago could have been avoided had the manager taken any amount of time to use some form of customer service. The fact that another person out of the building could affect our situation shows that arrangements could have been made had the manager been so inclined. Our trip to Chicago was fabulous with the exception of our accommodations.