I was pleased that I was coming into Chicago to visit family that I've haven't seen in a long time. So my Aunt had booked us reservations at this hotel since it's a downtown location. Boy were we wrong! Here are the issues that we experienced during our stay and after you read my findings I hope that you take your buisness elsewhere so you can actually enjoy your time. On our 2nd morning my aunt discovered bites all over her body. As we looked through the bed we found 2 bedbugs between the mattress where my aunt was sleeping. We kept these bugs and pictures/videos that we will place on Youtube and we will be contacting our lawyer. This is disgusting on so many levels. How can they rent a room without conducting a inspection of these bugs???? So we had to check out right away. We didnt even bother going to the desk and complain. Why should we? To get a free night or our room being comp? It's not worth it and this Hotel never will have us, my family or friends as their guest. This experienced will be shared through everyone I know and everyone they know. I also did some research on-line a found similar complaints of this hotel having bed bugs in the past. I wished we did that before planning our family trip. But from this day forward we will. The Internet was a total JOKE. Yeah It's free but maybe because it never works as i heard and talked to other guest that had the same issues. They claim to blame that there are several guests using the wi-fi at the sametime. What a crock! Rooms were Cold and the Heater didnt work as good as they should had. We tried callinig down to the desk but the phone just kept ringing and ringing. 24 hours guest service as they claim didnt seem that way. Lobby was dirty and dusty. Elevator had a bad odor. Lobby furniture looked dirty and old. Lobby restrooms were dirty and not cleaned. The restaurant was COLD. Staff was okay. The Owners and Managers of this Hotel should be ashamed of it's product and the condition of the property. Please dont send me any letters or emails apologizing cause it wont matter to my family at all.