I was booked into this "hotel" as the facilities at the conference I was attending were sold out - the Palmer House Hilton. Now, the Palmer House is a very nice, vintage hotel sitting right on top of the Red Line. Its a pretty cool place to drop by if you like art deco motifs and a cool throwback lobby bar. However, I spent my nights at the Best Western Grant Park. Now I know that our friends at the ole' BW don't advertise that their properties will be on par with a Hilton, however they are expected to hold up some modicum of adequacy. This property is anything but... The exterior of the hotel is as tired and careworn as Phyllis Diller after a long night in Vegas. It literally looks like its about to be torn down. Shabby and tattered, it sticks out like a sore thumb amongst the gleaming new high rise condos along the lakeshore. The lobby is small and noisy, but does have two complementary computers for the use of guests. Check in was quick and easy, and then I made my way to the room. My room was a reflection of the exterior, beaten down and threadbare. It was dirty and the furniture was beaten up  literally. It looked like someone had been at it with a ball-peen hammer. The television was so old it required some odd device to enable it to have a remote control and the tuner inside hummed like someone on the Gong Show. I turned it off almost as soon as I turned it on. The bedwell, the bed had one of those wonderful scratchy polyester bedspread things that you wonder what would be on it if you blacklighted the room  it went in the closet as soon as I walked in. It was as lumpy as cold oatmeal and the sheets stank of bleach. I suppose that I should have been happy they were sanitized. I will say one good thing, the two pillows they supplied were awesome  the squishy huggable kind. The bathroom was crammed into the corner of the room and was also pretty filthy. I love flipping back the shower curtain to see a very long red hair draped over the tub. Yummy! The toiletries were standard BW wrapped soaps and mystery shampoos. There were no tissues in the dispenser and it was not refilled the three days I was trapped there. I did not venture into the pool, which looked like it belonged in a trailer park, but I did go to their workout room. It was wedged into a converted guest room and did have a treadmill, stepper, elliptical and universal machine. There was a TV in there to watch while you sweated away. I went back to the room from the conference at 2:30 one afternoon and my room had still not been serviced (which I can understand as I was not checking out that day.) However, when I did politely ask the maid in Spanish if she could clean my room next she basically rolled her eyes and stormed back to her cart. I made sure to hide my toothbrush before she went to the room to clean it. The strange thing about this hotel for me was that I was the only U.S. citizen staying in it. I heard more languages spoken in those three days than I did when I toured the U.N. building. I know the dollar is weak enough for our European and Pacific Rim friends to stay in better locations. However, I saw more German backpackers and folks toting cameras that I ever have in one, filthy little place. Bottom line, if this hotel is actually still operating when you go to book your trip and has not been condemned, find another place to stay. There is an actual Hostel down the street on Wabash that looked a hell of a lot nicer and is probably cheaper. And, yes, it too will have the German backpackers