This is rather an old review for our stay in June. My mother was visiting me in the U.S., and we have decided to spend a few nights in Chicago. We really like Elysian, but wanted to be low-budget this time, so I chose junior-suite at Affinia. Overall my impression is that the hotel had a potential of being a cool quality hotel, but lack of professionalism in their service made us determine not going back. I have received much better service at 2-star hotel or even at B&B. The property is relatively well-kept. Yes, this is not a 5-star hotel, so the furniture in the room is on a cheaper side (the bed is comfortable). But the service was 1 star. If I could, I prefer 0 star. The front desk staff greeted us friendly, but the lady who took care of us was just irresponsible. Yes, they could handle the reservation but nothing more than that - just like some of the reviewers have mentioned. One of the front desk staff suggested dinner cruise, and we were thrilled about the suggestion, and we asked her to make the rservation. She promised me that she would leave a voicemail. Nothing happened. I called the front desk, no note. I went to the front desk next morning, they had no idea. I came back to the hotel (just to find her) in the afternoon, and all she told me was just to go to Navy Pier. I didn't imagine that I had to ask her to give me more details. That was just unprofessional. And yes, no word of apology. The lack of professionalism did not end here. We have decided to go to C-House. The food was not superb, but it was okay. Having eaten food in other countries, we felt that Marcus' food was just overrated. What really surprised us was the unprofessional server. His job was minimum, and he did not come back to the table (even for the check) until we had to call the manager of the restaurant. We thought that the hotel should know about it, and sent an email. The response was just a quick email saying that they will let the GM know. I seriously wondered how come these people are working in the service industry. It is natural to have these mis-haps in the hotels, I think. At the same time, the way the hotel responds to mis-haps will change the customer's perception of the hotel 180 degrees. Just a card with a few pieces of candy would have made us enjoy this property. Yet, this did not happen at this hotel. Not again.