Word to the wise.....when in Chicago do not stay at the Affinia....a high end boutique hotel, with, we found out, low end service. The first suite we were given had an air vent for the building right outside our fourth floor window that emitted a constant, droning sound. This would have prohibited a good night's sleep. So we requested a room change. We were offered one on the 28th floor, with a queen. Although we originally had reserved a king suite we were open to a queen, if that was all that was available. But when we made the move to the room we found the queen was barely a double. A great view of the of the city, but a double? Seriously, what's right about that? The third try appeared to be a winner, 28th floor...floor to ceiling windows, leather appointed living room, really nice..... we could finally kick off the shoes and stick around. But get this, have you ever seen a sign next to the coffee maker that says "Coffee $1.00/Tea $.50" ? I can't make this up, I'm not that creative! I have never seen that before... Nestea tea bags and a no-name coffee, topped off with foam cups. Sets a real tone here, doesn't it? Follow that up with a concierge who's total eatery knowledge must consist of Taco Bell. Thank goodness for cell phones and Andy's Jazz Club understanding...We were repeatedly assured that we would not need a reservation, but definitely found that not to be the case. An hour and a half later our lack of a reservation limited us to a table in the bar, added a $10.00 cover charge per person, and put a time limit on our stay. But that was only the beginning......the most memorable moment came at about 1:00 am. Are you ready?" My husband discovered a LEAK in the bathroom....directly ABOVE THE TOILET Yes, from an access panel in the ceiling. He was the lucky one to find it, or experience it, whatever the case may be. It's so much fun calling the desk at that time of night and having a maintenance guy in your room at 1:30 am. Did I mention the elevator wait averaged 5 minutes? So I guess making it up to the room by 1:25 am must have been a record. The employee mopped the water up around the toilet and sink with THE BATH MAT and HAND TOWELS, then left, assuring us he could fix the leak. Fifteen minutes later we received a phone call saying the leak had been fixed and they thought the leak had been from the restaurant ice machine on the floor above. Did I mention the wet bath mat and towels were left for us to clean up? For all this trouble, hassle, and down right creepiness and a total of $60.00 plus tax was taken off our bill. This was clearly a situation where our entire stay should have been comped. They could not have been counting on our return business and they were right. I