I booked a weekend directly (not through any agency) with Affinia several weeks before arriving in Chicago for a weekend of birthday and anniversary celebration. I took advantage of Affinia's $149/night special and was required to pay with my credit card immediately in order to get this rate, and it was non-refundable as explained clearly by Affinia's reservation desk. A couple days before our arrival, an email comes in , saying that I've been switched to The James, a sister property of the Affinia.I wrote back, saying that I did not want or like this and that the amenities at the James were not as luxurious as the Affinia and that the James is rated around #12 on tripadvisor and the Affinia #4. There was a VERY quick response to my reply, but the answer was that I had no choice in the matter, and nothing was offered as compensation. I believed that I had no choice but to stay at the James, because, as I had mentioned, payment was due upon booking and was non-refundable.Being without choice , my wife and I did what anyone without a choice would do, we stayed at the James. ( I will leave a review for the James as well.) Upon checkout at the James, I was handed a bill for $149 for 2 nights plus taxes. There was a tremendous amount of confusion , as I told the James staff that I was already paid-up and they insisted that I still had a bill. I refused to pay until they checked with the Affinia. What happened was that Affinia had refunded my money to my card and they DID NOT tell me and they did not tell the James staff . I could have stayed elsewhere than the James (and I would have) but my transfer email from the Affinia nor their response to my complaint in any way shape or form indicted that my money had been refunded and I was no longer obliged to take the $149/night deal. I am left with a bait-and -switch feeling, booking at particular hotel and being switched late in the game to a lesser hotel.I also feel that it should have been explained to me that I was not obliged to stay at the second hotel, but this was not done because it is my believe that they did not want to lose the booking. Chicago is a great city , I will be there again for business and pleasure, but I'm very reluctant to deal with the Affinia again.