We arrived at the Affinia on 17 January, looking forward to the warm snug bar we have been used to when we stayed at the hotel (when it was the Fitzpatrick) on several occasions before. We were dismayed on arrival to find that the extent of the renovations being carried out meant there was: a) no bar; and b) no restaurant or food facilities. The room did not even have a mini bar, so there was no food available and the only drink available was a complimentary botle of mineral water in reception. This is not, by anyone's definition, a hotel. I question whether the "hotel" should be open when its facilites are so bare and so much work is being carried on. The rooms have been nicely redecorated but the appearance of the hotel is very much a mixed bag, with smart alongside shabby. The room's air conditioning is very noisy - too noisy to have on at night (which meant that the inside of the window was frozen over in the morning!). Part of our problem was we had booked through a web-site, hotelsrus.com. That web-site entry stated incorrectly that the hotel had a bar. The hotel point out that their own web-site does accurately reflect the situation. So we were stuffed. Affinia, to cap it all off, decided only to refund us only 1 of the 2 unused nights, even though we had made our complaint at a very early stage. We checked out after just one night, and moved to the InterContinental, to enjoy the normal facilities one would associate with a hotel. A most unsatisfactory situation, all in all. Guests will undoubtedly have a better time when the hotel facilities reopen later in 2008. Anyone planning to stay at the Affinia before then should recognise that the only facility consists of their room, and is advised to check with the hotel directly to see what facilities are, or are not, on offer. But I for one won't be going anywhere near the Affinia Chicago, or any Affinia hotel, again. And I'll be very wary when booking through a 3rd-party web-site, as clearly the information can be very inaccurate (and there is no recompense or help when things go wrong).