I've never reviewed somewhere I have not stayed until today. Once I get here I will update this if my experience changes, but right now I am very shocked by the rudeness and lack of service from the employees at this "luxury" hotel. My husband and I made a reservation through Expedia for this hotel. We booked weeks ago and are leaving next week. Upon reading reviews for Whitehall, I noticed that people who did not confirm reservations sometimes have their rooms given away and no place to stay once they get there. I also wanted to know the price for parking and deposits, since it varies with each hotel. I had already called the other hotels we booked with, and they were nice and friendly and had no issue confirming our reservation and giving me the info I asked for. The first person I talked to was very rude and stated that he doesn't know why I am calling if I have a confirmation email from Expedia. I told him I still need to confirm through a person. He transferred me to reservations and they stated that they do not have my reservation on file and that they need to transfer me to in-house reservations. I got the voicemail. I called back again and they gave me a direct number to in-house. Except it is not a number to in-house, it just continued to transfer me to the front desk where I was very rudely spoken to by the front desk several times. Two of them hung up on me without even transferring me and another one berated me for trying to call and stated that it is my fault I keep getting transferred back because there is no one in the office right now. I am beyond pissed. If my reservation wasn't non-refundable, then I would cancel. Since that is not an option, I feel I should at least warn everyone about the horrible service you will receive from what is supposed to be a four star hotel. I got better service from Super 8 when I called them today. I am going to call back after 5 and try to get someone who is not rude. If that doesn't work then I am going to speak to a manager. My main annoyance is that I was spoken to like I am an idiot for wanting to confirm my reservation, yet it is no where to be found. I am quite sure that once we get there we will have no room and they will rudely attempt to shuffle us off to another hotel, as they have done to other guests. Do yourself a favor and take your business else where. It is ridiculous to pay for 4 star service and get the same service from employees that you would from a crack-house brothel front desk. Unbelieveable. UPDATE: I called Expedia, whom I set up the reservation through. They called the hotel. The agent was hung up on twice before she could get to a manager. The manager told her that she was busy and they were having some issues with a customer in the hotel. The expedia agent left a voicemail for the manager who called me over an hour later. When I explained the situation to her she stated that it was a problem with the phone system. I told her that is not the case since the people were outright rude and that has nothing to do with how the phone systems are working. She then stated " They were probably annoyed and wondering why the same person called 300 times." So because I want to confirm a reservation, I am a jerk? Are you kidding? She then was able to immediately pull up my reservation and inform me of parking and deposits. She offered nothing to me because of her rude employees and I hung up. I told my husband and he was beyond pissed because this is part of our honeymoon. We came to an agreement that we just want our money back and want no part of this hotel. If it is already this bad before we even arrive, I can't imagine what these people will be like in person. We contacted Expedia again and they called the hotel. The agent was on the phone a very long time and stated that she was transferred 3 times and was on hold for a very long time. She came back on the line 10 mins later and stated that they would not give a refund because the manager was gone for the day and to call back tomorrow. Seriously Whitehall, just give us back our money so when can book a hotel that actually treats their customers like human beings.