On 7/6/11 at approximately 8:43AM, I booked a hotel room on Priceline.com for a 4 night stay in Chicago, Illinois from 8/6-10/11. The hotel room was ranked on Priceline.com's website as a 4 star property. Upon arrival on 8/6/11, the first room assigned, #1511 was unacceptable as it had an atrocious odor permeating the room. The smell was not unlike the hundreds of crime scenes I have responded to as a career law enforcement officer. I reported my findings to the on-duty manager identified as "Michelle" who told me that there were no rooms left. After discussing the matter with her for the next five minutes, she refused to issue me a refund. Soon thereafter, a clerk named Carlos - the only pleasant, honest, and friendly staff member on site - stated there was one room left (funny, as Michelle was unaware of the vacant room). Carlos - the clerk who found the room - provided me with the key and I discovered the room was located next to the room with the horrible stench; room 1510. Upon entering room #1510, I was horrified as to what I had been provided. I discovered that the wall paper was peeling; the room and bed were smaller than agreed upon; the comforter was torn; there were cobwebs on the windows; and to top it off, there was a substance on the wall which appeared to have properties consistent with dried blood to the right of the headboard. Based upon my experience with room #1511 and now, #1510, I contacted Priceline's customer service line and spoke to a service rep. The service rep, connected me to the next level of care a customer relations representative. Upon informing the customer service relations representative of my problem - and spending 15 minutes for them to understand my plight - she informed me that it was up to hotel management to refund my money. She stated that she would call the hotel to discuss it. The Priceline rep called the hotel - spoke to Michelle - and ultimately, the refund was denied by Michelle - stating that the deficiencies I pointed out in the second room were "aesthetic" and that she offered to use an ozone machine to fix the smell of the first room. The Priceline rep called me back and told me that there was nothing further she could do. I informed the rep that Priceline is a party to the civil matter and that they provided a falsely advertised product and were refusing to assist me. Meanwhile, after 45 minutes of arguing with Michelle - with the Priceline rep listening and recording the conversation - Michelle agreed to refund 3 of the 4 days of billing; refusing to refund me for the night of check-in. The Priceline rep stated she could only refund 3 of the 4 days and I would have to take up day 4 with the hotel. I have a claim into the hotel and my credit card company for the 4th day - as well as another call to Customer Service Relations Clerk "Matt" (placed on 8/11/11). Apparently, the Whitehall Hotel Manager - Abel Cartagena - approved the full refund (as I have his voice mail telling me so) but Priceline has no record of it. In all, my experience with Priceline and the Whitehall Hotel in Chicago was - and continues to be - dismal. As far as the staff, Michelle was downright rude, hostile, and condescending; she even lied to me and told me that she didn't know who the General Manager of the Hotel was when I asked her. As far as the hotel, I have the photos which depict what I wrote about above. Oh, did I mention the construction happening on the roof of the building not 25 feet away from the hotel...Stay away at all costs!!! Try the James Hotel or the Sheraton 4 Points.