Wow, what a horrible stay. I stayed at the Whitehall for four nights after booking it via Hotwire, which gave it four stars. The worst problem: No sleep. The hotel is very noisy (very old, thin windows and doors), and the heat in our room went on overdrive every night. My husband and I each woke up at least three times a night: At least once because it was 75+ degrees in our room, despite the thermostat being set in the low 60s, and a couple of times because of noise from outdoors or the hallways. I did complain to the front desk after a couple nights of this. The manager called my room a couple of times (during the day, when I was out), but never reached me. He did have my cell phone number, which he never attempted to call. At one point, someone from the front desk sent up an engineer. He came up, put his hand in front of the vent, said, "It's working," and left. So we were stuck with a horrible room. I had plenty of other complaints, but they were minor. However, when added up, they made for one of the worst hotel stays Ive had in years. Heres a sample: Very shabby hotel: It seemed fairly clean (although dont use the phones in the rooms without wiping them down first  they actually smelled bad). But lots of things were falling apart. There were cracks between the windows and their frames. The water wasnt reliably hot, and whenever our neighbor flushed his or her toilet, the water would actually stop running for a second. Understaffed: The staff were all very nice, but there werent enough of them. I had to wait in a long line when I arrived, as only one person was working at the front desk. Once I checked in, I went up to my room on the ninth floor. Key didn't work. Trudged back down, bags in tow, only to have to wait another 15 minutes in the line. Got my key fixed, went back up -- nope, still couldn't get into my room. Downstairs, another long wait, and this time a bellhop came up with me. Turned out there was a trick to opening the door -- you had to hold the handle in the down position, and THEN insert the key card. So it took me close to an hour to get into my room. Basically, it seems like this hotel is riding on its location. It has the feeling of a place that hasn't been maintained well at all, and hasn't been invested in for many years. Many of the front desk people and bellhops were very nice, but world-class service can't make up for lack of sleep and a hotel that is shabby and falling apart. I actually changed my travel plans and checked out a night early. It was great to finally get a full night of sleep. Other cons: Limited room service hours. Poor fitness center.