After my experience this past weekend, I felt compelled to write my first hotel review ever. My family and I came to Chicago for a wedding and chose this hotel first and foremost because of the location. It's central location was key because we were only going to be in town for the weekend, and it was in the middle of everywhere we needed to be for our numberous weekend activities. When I arrived to checkin on Friday night around 8pm, I was told that all three of our rooms were unavailable, and the rest of the rooms were booked. They said that there had been a "plumbing problem." No effort to contact me in advance was made, even though I had booked 2 months in advance. When asked what other options there were, I was told that there were 3 rooms available at the BEST WESTERN A MILE SOUTH of the hotel. Only after some haggling did they even offer to comp the first night. I thought that this was somewhat of a luxury hotel with luxury prices, and for them to offer me a night at the Best Western was incredulous, not to mention that it put us a mile south of where we had planned to be. They wanted us to check out of the Best Western the next day and check back into the Whitehall , which was impossible because we had a schedule to keep during the day. That is not the kind of service I expect from an establishment such as this. Only after complaining did they offer to put us up at the Talbott Hotel a block away. Why did they not offer this in the first place? It made the first offer at the Best Western feel like a huge lowball offer. Their explanation was that the hotel also owned the Best Western. I guess management cares more about cutting costs than about customer service. Two hours of my Friday night was wasted with this hotel which made me miss most of the reception that was taking place nearby. The best outcome of this whole ordeal was the TALBOTT Hotel. It was a beautiful and intimate boutique hotel, with spacious rooms and an incredibly professional staff. If you are visiting Chicago want to stay in a great location with wonderful comfort, service, and style, do yourself a favor and spare yourself the hassle, STAY AT THE TALBOTT Hotel.