I live in the Chicago area & had a very good friend visiting from CA for a weekend, so we decided to stay downtown for a few nights & enjoy the city. We wanted to stay near MI Ave. shopping, but to save $ for shopping, spas & dining, so decided to stay at the Whitehall instead of 4 Seasons, Peninsula, Ritz, etc. Based on our experience, I would absolutely NOT recommend staying at the Whitehall for the following reasons: 1. We were promised a non-smoking room with 2 beds. When we were shown to our room, it absolutely reeked of smoke the minute you opened the door and we immediately asked to move. 2.The only room available had one bed, which was not preferable, but we were willing to deal with that. However, once we started getting settled, it was apparent that the bed had NOT been changed from the previous guest, nor had the room been cleaned. There was even still personal food items in the minibar. YUCK! There were no other rooms available at that time, so they did send up a crew at that time to clean it (who were very pleasant & apologetic....though see below about makeup bag!). We were in a rush to get to dinner, so left them there cleaning, and the room was fine when we got back. 3. The next morning, I realized that I could not find my makeup bag, filled with at least $250 worth of expensive cosmetics), which I had left out when getting settled. I thought that perhaps I had left it at home, but when I got home, it was not there. When I called to see if it had been found, my call was never returned. My only conclusion is that the crew who cleaned the room as were were leaving to go to dinner took it. 4. They ran out hot water in the showers after about 5 minutes & this was one of the coldest weekends of the year...5-10 degrees out! Brrr....thank God we had spa appts. & showered there. 5. When we checked out & reported these problems, the staff was not apologetic, not were they willing (or, according to them, sanctioned) to give us any kind of compensation, in fact, told us the room we were in was NICER than the one we had reserved and/or had a higher rate. WHAT?! We did manage to get the same rate, so we could get out of there. I also overheard several other guests complaining about the cold water, broken faucets, etc. My friend was in a hurry to get to the airport, so we didn't push it any further, but if we hadn't been in a time crunch, I would have spoken to the manager. Instead, I am (finally) speaking to you--the consumer! 6. When I wrote an email about my experience to the hotel management I never received any response. Not surprising, but was the final push in deciding to post this review. My only conclusion is that the Whitehall has gone WAY downhill in recent years, they do not care about customer service, and I would absolutely never stay there again or recommend it to out of town guests. If you are looking for a small hotel in the are when you are planning to visit Chicago, go elsewhere! Calling it a "boutique" or "luxury" hotel is absoultey laughable. I have had better experiences at highway motels!!! Good luck!