 Clearly identifiable noise/vibration in the room (at the back side of the hotel, room no. 311) - the noice was audible after switching the AC off and even with earplugs on; it was similar to the airplane noise, but of a changeable pattern, which makes sleeping with it impossible; - the vibration was visible on the surface of a bottle of watter standing on the cupboard b/n beds.  Friendly, but indifferent night staff - over the phone (about 10pm): the receptionist advised to wait 30 minutes after turning the AC off so that the noise disappears; when informed that the noise remains the receptionist explained that till the morning there are no technicians available in the hotel and on call, and that the technician will visit the room first thing in the morning; - at the reception (about 11pm): the receptionist explained that the hotel was completely sold out and there is no other room available; - at the reception (2-nd visit about 12pm): the receptionist did not suggest any other solution, e.g. transferring to the nearest Best Western (or another hotel).  Friendly, but unprofessional management - at the reception (after waiting for a technician till about 8am on the next morning): the Manager was uninformed about the issue reported the previous night; she was surprised that nobody came to check the noise in the room last night; she visited the room with a technician and immediately heard the noise/vibration; she suggested another room, which to the current room was NOT at the back side of the hotel, but at the street side where at 8am the daily traffic was up to full speed, and where sleeping after a sleepless night was impossible. Being a Best Western Platinum Elite member, I know that every Best Western hotel has a separate owner. I have checked out of the hotel right after the first night, despite that I have booked two nights there. Of course, I was fully reimbursed, but deprived from sleep at the beginning of the last day of my vacation. I booked this hotel because the location seemed good and since the hotel is a PLUS Best Western hotel. This place deserves a MINUS.