FOR ALL WHO READ THISHEED THE WARNINGS! After finding the Cass hotel online, we knew it would not be five star accommodations, but the location looked good and the hotel was cheap ($94). We saw some of the negative reviews but gave it the benefit of the doubt. The rooms are tiny, dirty and disgusting. And yes, the towels are very thin and scratchy. To elaborate here is an account of the nine horrible hours we stayed at the Cass Hotel: After seeing the rooms, we complained and were moved up to the suites on the 16th floor. They will not tell you that they have the suitesthey are reserved for the managers family in case they come into town. The suites were actually nice with remodeled bathrooms. The pictures on the website are of suites and not the regular rooms. When we arrived one of the two elevators was being worked on. Later that evening, after it was supposedly fixed, it dropped five floors when we were in it. Shortly after someone else was stuck in it. Yet, we stayed on Even later that evening, as we got ready to go out, we noticed the fire trucks pulling up in front of the hotel. However, the smoke alarms were not going off, and we assumed it was for the person stuck in the elevator. Luckily, one of the girls went out in the hallway and smelled the smoke. After walking down sixteen flights of stairs we found out the water heater in the basement caught fire. We may have given the hotel one last chance if the situation was not handled so poorly. The management did not address the situation, no one said, We are sorry, but the fire has been extinguished, you may now return to you rooms. The front desk proceeded to check in other guests through all of this. After returning to our room, to pack up our belonging, we checked out the smoke detectors, which lacked one important itema battery. This is the point we relocated to the lovely Holiday Inn  Navy Pier ($149). Paying the extra $50 was definitely worth it for piece of mind. IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!