We stayed here for 2 days, that was 2 days too long! When we arrived check-in was from 3 to 5, and if you arrive after that there is an envelope at the desk with your keys in it. When we got to our room, right away we knew we would be regretting it. The room was too big for the furniture there, no decorations and it included a small kichenette. The walls were in need of painting, the bathroom a good cleaning. The tile floor had been retiled over and whoever did it, did a terrible job, we could see the old tiles beneath them. The curtain in the windows were old and were dragging on the floor, and were two thirds off the cheap holder. I had to get a chair and tried to fix them so at least they could close. The closet door was off its hinges, the door for the hotwater tank had rust spots all over it. The kichenette was small and dirty, I would not of cooked something on it(we were not anyways). Oh they have no maid service unless you pay extra, we found that out the next day when we got back and the room was not done, so hang your towel. They will retain money from your credit card or from your $250 deposit if you do not throw your garbage in a garbage chute at the other end of the hall, and it took me some time to find it. Again on the day we were leaving we found this out on a paper they left on the floor, guess they were hoping to charge us that. The first night we were waiting for a ride in the lobby around 9pm and 2 females were at the security desk and wanted their paid reservation room which they presented the proof, but the hotel had lost it and they were now full. They were told straight foward that it was their tough luck and find another hotel, eventho they had already paid. Due to being the Miami boatshow week all hotels were booked except for the +$500 a night, so my wife got involved ( was a travel agent) so she told the 2 women to call Amex(who they used to reserve the room) and demand that they find them another hotel and Amex pay for it, which happened. Usually we look at reviews and sometime don't beleive everything, but this time it was all true. We took many pics of the room, and were going to post them, but decided not too.