I wish I would have found these reviews before I stayed here. I was traveling for business and there was a convention going on therefore my normal hotel was not available. I figured this area was great and being a condo building, how bad could it be. The reviews on Expedia were OK also. I booked myself and my boss a studio. The few things that travelers warned about was that there was no one to check you in if you arrive in the evening and that there would be no towels or toilet paper in the unit. I called twice prior to my arrival and was told that someone would call me back but no one ever did. I was lucky to arrive and someone was still there to check me in. I checked in on Monday November 14,2011 but they did not have any studio's available therefore I wound up with a 3 bedroom condo. The condo was mediocre at best. The balcony was amazingly huge and that was the only good thing I could say about this place eventhough it said the balconies were furnished and it was not. It was like renting a old, dirty, dingy apartment. Looks from the outside are deceiving. The day prior to my boss arriving, I emailed and called to inform them that he would have a car. They advised that they needed 24 hour notice to reserve parking. Yet again, I did not receive an acknowledgement nor a response from anyone. As a result, we had to valet park the car two nights. Regular valet is $20 for overnight but you must have the car out by 7am. Because we didn't leave each morning until 8am, an add'l $10 was due. My boss checked in on Wednesday and when we arrived at 6:30pm, there was no one there to check him in. An envelope was left in the hallway with his name on it and a key inside. He wound up with a studio as booked and it was HORRIBLE. We literally walked in and walked out. If you ever saw the movie Physco, this could be compared to The Bates Motel. Needless to say, I had a room-mate for the next two days. My place was by far nice but it was like the tajma hall compared to the studio. Because there is a cleaning fee and linen's fee, I emailed them to inform them of our dissatisfaction and that we would not occupy the studio. I never asked for a refund, I was simply stating that the add'l fees would not be necessary since the unit was never occupied. And again, no response. I travel quite extensively and this was one of the worst expediencies ever. The area is a great area to stay in, just be sure to stay at a reputable place if staying in the Brickell area.