I arrived late from Chicago and drove from Ft. Lauderdale to Brickell looking forward to relaxing in my guestroom. BUT never crossed my mind I was there to have the most disgusting and frustrating experience I ever had in my life. The room/studio was in the most horrendous condition, the place smelled like urine, cigarette and sweat truly REVOLTING! I couldnt believe my eyes looking at these totally dirty floors, black mold building up everywhere, in the bathroom, the floors by the bed, the kitchenette, the bathroom, everywhere! Closet door hanging, burned lamp shades, the linens cheap and dirty; Mold All Over the Walls! But the most disturbing of all was the bathroom; I was ready to vomit taking pictures of this place, YES, I TOOK A LOT OF PICTURES OF THIS UNBELIEVABLY NAUSEATING PLACE, Bathtub with filthy foot prints, pubic hair, mold and trash in the drain; one of the wall has a stain that looked like EXCREMENT, the shower covered with layers of mold and corrosion; used soap and dirty towels in the sink. The fire alarm, a basic Safe and Security Element in a Hotel Room was MISSING, someone removed and left behind the screw driver in the night stand; no parking garage, I had to park my car a block away in the street. I cant express my feeling looking at this place. I when down stairs looking for the Manager on Duty or the guest services manager or someone who move me to another room, it was NONE!! NOT HELP WHATSOEVER!!! Just an old man who doesnt speak any English and who was totally rude and helpless, he told me (in Spanish /Cuban) that I needed to call The Owner of the Unit!?!?!???? to complain. Unbelievable! so, I called Hotels.com Customer Service to realize that they wont move me to another room or hotel or somewhere else with basic standards of cleanness  the agent over the phone told me that I agreed to stay in this room when I paid for it in advance .. I was almost in tears begging this supervisor to help me, it was no help I felt disgraced, humiliated and literately robed since this supervisor argued that he cant do anything and my money was not refundable. It was already 1:00 am, I was looking for hotels over the phone where I can spend the rest of the night, but Miami was sold out, was no room in the area, so I took my luggage and left this place to stay in my rented car for hours waiting for the daylight to find a place to stay. I am a business woman traveling for work and never experienced something like this. This is the worse place I've ever stayed in the entire world.