Nice restaurant by the beach, but not nice to local tourists Let me write it upfront that I didnt stay at this hotel, I went to the restaurant by the beach at Kandara Karma. My input here is about the restaurant  their staff quality.Acess to Karma Kandara: lack of signs might get you lost in getting there, roads are bumpy.The restaurant by the beach: non guests have to pay upfront Rp 150,000 (around US$15) per person, which you can spend for food  drinks at the restaurant, which me and my wife obliged. The staff who greeted us was very nice, name Ms.Rike.The view from the top side of the hotel is amazing, it's picturesque, certainly a Kodak-moment type of view. It's similar to the views at Bulgari hotel, but at Bulgari you can't come down to the beach. We went down to the restaurant using a small hanging some-sort-of an elevator (max.5 person per trip). a bit scary, but it's a quick trip though.The resturant by the beach is worth the long and bumpy trip:- The pizza was great- Nice to local rating is high (at the beginning, and I will change this rating by the end of my review), very different then the staffs at Bulgari which were very snotty, especially to the local tourists.- the view is excellent- the beach is clean and you can walk around the beach- music is great, especially during the sunset, the beat starts pumping making you want to dance on the beach.Nice indeed.However, during the visit there we noticed that they do treat local tourists differently here:- a table w/ a nice view next to ours had a reserved note, which the staffs at least rejected 3 groups of local tourists (me included) saying that the table is reserved. But they easily give the table to foreign tourists who definitely didnt reserve the table (one them even said that they were lucky they could get that table easily by w/o a reservation)- 30 minutes after our food arrive, the waiter brought up the bill to us and ask us to pay. I asked why, and he pulled out a stupid reason that he needs to close the lunch bills??? I ordered the food at 4PM, it's definitely not lunch, was it a way to get rid of me and my wife? The food was not finished, my beer, and coke were clearly still on the full side of the glass, and my wife is still eating her ice cream. Why the early bill?- the waiter was rudely asked us to give up one of our seats to the group of foreign tourists (friends of the Kandara' GM), again, we oblige. Though the GM felt bad, and asked us politely for the seat.- the last one is the kicker: me and my wife were ahead of the line of a long queue of people wanting to go up to the top of the cliff using the elevator. After waiting for 10 minutes, this group of German tourists showed up in the elevator waiting area. So we're clearly ahead of them. When we went in to the elevator w/ 2 German tourists, there was a problem w/ the elevator. And for some reasons, the operator asked me and my wife to step out of the elevator. We were puzzled and amazed, why we were asked to step out, not the German tourists? We said no, but the operator insisted, so I obliged and step out, because the operator ensured me that he will only test it, and if it's working i will be let in again to go up. Lo and behold, the elevator worked, and it went up w/o me, just my wife, the operator named Koper, and the German tourists. I literally yelled at this Koper guy why he picked me to step out??? he couldnt say anything, w/o any response he nonchalantly left me and went to the bar.Went up, and immediately call up the GM and complained about this reverse discrimation.He apologized, and promised to look into this matter,and to contact me the day after (which is today). So we;'ll see whether he keeps up his words, and take this issue seriously or not. So, I changed my nice to local rating to extremely low, other than Rike, and 1 lady waiter (who I forgot her name) at the beach restaurant.Recommendation: if you're a foreign tourist, by all mean, go here, they'll treat you like royals and oil sheiks. But if you're local tourists (meaning Indonesians), be prepared to be treated like nobodies.