In December 2009, more than 2 months in advance, I made a reservation for my February 28th - March 2nd, 2010 (3 days/2 nights) business trip to Phoenix, AZ for the annual Subcommittee meeting. Just as the other members, I was advised to stay at the Sheraton Downtown Phoenix Hotel since the meeting room and other events were scheduled there. The reservation and all payments were made through the Expedia in December. In January my credit card was charged in full and a reservation confirmation was issued. I was surprised that I was charged in full that early. Normally, hotels do it at the check-out, but I said to myself Its OK. At this point at least I was absolutely sure that I am all set and can fully concentrate on my business. In the morning of February 28, lesser than 8 hours before the flight, I suddenly received an e-mail asking to immediately contact the hotel. When I called, the receptionist told me that my reservation has been cancelled. Below is approximate phone conversation, as I recall it: - Sorry Sir but your reservation has been canceled. - I made my reservation in December last year specifically far enough in advance to be sure that Im at the same hotel as the rest of my team and I have everything I need for my business! - Sir were overloaded, and we have to cancel your reservation. We have a situation when people staying in our hotel decided to extend their stay and so we have to cancel your reservation. We can try to place you in another hotel if you wish. - No, I do not want you to place me in another hotel and I will have my room tonight! - We will try our best Sir, but we cant guarantee you a room. There are many(!) cancellations were going through right now. Sorry I hang up and called Expedia. They were shocked and tried to call the hotel but came back with the same result. All the conversations took total of more than 2 hours crashing all my last-minute trip preparations. Finally, somebody from the Expedia management called me and said that situation has been partially resolved  I may stay in Sheraton for 1 night. I accepted the change expressing my deepest dissatisfaction (a real anger, actually). When I arrived to the Sheraton, I was confirmed that I have one night only. I asked if my stay can be extended for the 2nd night and was informed that the chances are slim to none. Only the direct interaction of the SME top administration changed the situation and I was offered to stay for the 2nd night. As a mining engineer heaving behind my shoulders decades of traveling experience throughout the United States and abroad, I have stayed in all kind of hotels, motels and other, but I was never treated this bad. I can not recall anything even close to the situation in which an administration of a hotel literally tried to throw a guest out from the hotel. But thats exactly the case with Sheraton DT Phoenix. Im sure that a hotel should not take a reservation and full payment in advance especially if there is no guaranty that the room will be available. But if they accepted the payment and issued a confirmation, than no matter what they have to perform their duties as obligated. Follow-up A few weeks later, after I complained to the Sheraton administration, they connected me to a customer service representative who explained me why all this happened. According to those explanations everything what happened is normal, routine situation. More than that, Ive been informed that under the State of Arizona Law, hotel can not remove a guest from the room if it decided to stay longer. So, according to this law, Arizona hotels routinely cancel reservations of their upcoming guests. I dont know, its probably OK to throw your quest out to the street, but from the Sheraton stand-point only. Personally, I do not think so. In addition to enormous mistreat of their guests, the hotel demonstrated their 100% careless customer service. This is an absolutely unacceptable business, Mr. Phoenix DT Sheraton.