I am a constant business traveler, Hilton Diamond Member, and stay on the road most every week. I stayed at the Hilton Baltimore Inner Hotel in December 2010 for a major conference and was staying here with a large group of colleagues. I had my own room. Hotel is very stark and industrial, which may be just the feel of Baltimore. My room was typical Hilton, but not overly nice given the newness of the hotel. My stay was uneventful until I discovered jewelry missing from my luggage in my hotel room-my engagement ring and anniversary bracelet. I reported the items missing after a thorough search of my room and asking myself if I could be wrong. The hotel clerk was interested, and told me who to contact. I had a VERY definite time frame and location where the items went missing and reported all details to the Head of Safety and Security in charge. I submitted all requested information, written and otherwise, to him, and also filed a police report with Baltimore police. I was told he housekeeper who cleaned my room was "questioned and said she didn't take it" and that was it. I got one phone call from the Hotel ownership (a lawyer) who had my information and said that there was nothing more the hotel could do. Their insurance would "turn it over to my insurance" and that was that. My insurance paid the claim, and I never got even a written apology. Absurd. All I was told was "there was a safe in the room--were you aware of it?" No, I was not , as it was located in the very corner of a closet, and I never thought that someone would access my room, rifle through my belongings, and steal the only real jewelry I had with me during a busy conference for me. I have never had this problem at any other Hilton, and boy, have I learned this the hard way! Whoever did this KNEW WHAT TO LOOK FOR and has probably done this before as they ONLY took the two pieces of real jewelry I had, and left all the costume. I made this statement to security implying a "ring" of professional thieves, and they said nothing. Hilton never apologized and essentially blamed me for the incident! They never paid a dime! DO NOT STAY here if you value your belongings and don't want thieves in your suitcase. I will NEVER stay at this Hilton again as they obviously condone theft and consider it "No big deal." I also tell all my fellow road warriors that this hotel employs a professional thief. Have fun during your stay and lock all your belongings up!! Now I am in the process of "re-building" my engagement ring, and dealing with the aftermath. I am devastated at the theft of my original ring and so is my now husband. THANKS Hilton!