I am very unhappy with stay at Extended Stay America in Carlsbad. Talked To Amber Assistant-Manager and then to Regional Manager, Jun tells me he'll refund whole thing, $190.08 for my room AND $190.08 for my sister's room. I call today to verify it is being done. He is refunding 1/2 that but for each room (mine and my sister's). He says, I told you "One Night Each Room." "Noooo," I say, "You told me One Ninety Each Room." I'm thinking it was miscommunication and tried to explain that. (he speaks clear English but does have an accent and I think he was on a cell phone the first call). He said the conversation was going no where and hung up on me! This place was NOT clean. Box spring in tatters on the bottom, hanging in clumps to the ground. We had two queen beds. One had blue ink stains on the fitted sheet. Rust stains on the bathroom mirror. Shower was dirty and dusty and had grime around it. THIS was all just my room. My sister had a room too. We booked two rooms, together, on one card (but paid on two when we arrived). She had her young child and I have my two young children. They guy not only put us on separate floors and at opposite ends (said later they were the last two in that size but never offered an upgrade or change). He also put her, with a young child, in the SMOKING SECTION! We could smell it the second the elevator door opened on that floor. She had to brew coffee and spray Lysol to try to kill some of the cigarette smell and kept her window open the whole time to air it out. How is that okay or healthy for them to assume? We had both registered for non-smoking rooms and he (not the manager but the young guy at the front desk) at first told us we were wrong and he didn't know why it smelled like smoke and he'd 'look into it' because no one was allowed to smoke there. That was a lie. On top of everything else, when we were checking out three police officers in full swat gear came in asking Amber for the list of everyone staying in the hotel and asked, 'Did you see her? Is she still here or did she check out?' Later, on the phone, Amber told me that they never said that and that it is normal for the police to come into a hotel and ask to see the guest list and to search the hotel and that in THIS hotel the police do it weekly! Ummm.. no, to me that is NOT normal or okay. WHAT type of guest do they have staying there????? I'm very unhappy. I've been to the Extended Stay America hotels in San Diego and Simi Valley and they were okay. This place was run-down and poorly staffed. I would like a full refund, like Jun said he would do in the first place. I would not recommend this particular Extended Stay America to anyone.