Ive stayed here lots, and in the past would have agreed with the generally positive flavour of reviews. However I have just stayed in one of their newly refurbished rooms (they have been renovating for ages, and are still renovating some areas) and their new design (while good in some things) has the worst designed bathroom I have ever seen (and I travel lots). I guess in an attempt to have a more spacious room, there is now no door between what is a combined entry hall/wardrobe and bathroom. Instead, there is a door separating this entry/bathroom from the bedroom. So you enter straight into a wide room which serves as entry hall, wardrobe, shelves, safe etc and bathroom. If there are two people in the room, this means that one cant enter, exit, or get to the wardrobe without walking in on a person in the shower on the toilet. If you are the sort who likes to lock the bathroom door (e.g. to keep small children out), you cant, I suppose because this would effectively lock them in the bedroom and so be a fire hazard. I stayed with my partner for a week, and we are fairly relaxed (ie I dont mind if he walks in on me in the shower, but not on the toilet and vice versa). But it was a real pain never being able to get in and out or get to clothes while giving them privacy e.g. if one of us was out, and you wanted to go the toilet, you have to latch them out of the room to stop them walking in on you. The door between the bathroom and bedroom also has large holes at the base, so there is little separation in the bathroom from the sounds and smells of the bathroom (which was not fun when I was sick all night and making repeated visits to the bathroom. This design might work for a sole occupant (or for what I imagine are the rare couples who dont mind their partner walking in on them on the toilet and in the shower). Even for singles, when my partner was out I found it off putting to have no door on the bathroom e.g. if you forget to latch the door and are in the shower, hotel staff could easily walk in on you, because you might not hear the bell. I cant believe that a hotel chain would have proceeded with such a stupid, stupid design, when they could easily have put a door between the entrance hall and the bathroom (as they used to have, and still have in the unrenovated rooms!). I suspect they will have to retrofit them when they realise that most couples will hate this design. Meanwhile, I would suggest couples avoid this hotel, or ask for an older style room with a door on the bathroom! Ps and why do hotels like this spend so much money on everything, but cant provide a decent hairdryer  giving something which may be fine for men, but takes forever to dry longer female hair!