It's been 2 months since I've been here, but had to come back and post. Before beginning, I probably should say that my wife and I had just dropped her sister off at her hotel to check in at The Wynn before venturing to Harrah's. What an amazing place that was. The Wynn...not Harrah's. So started off at the check-in which aestetically appeared to rival the counter at a local gas station. It only took from start to finish about 15 minutes to check in. The good news was they had our room available. Entering the elevator, I was amazed to see the condition of the surrounding areas including the elevator itself. Not sure when the last time they cleaned it, including the buttons that were so pitifully tarnished...sad to see something so visable upon first entering, look so bad. Well we made it to our floor and I do have to say, I wasn't too surprised to find the hall conditions were just as bad if not worse. Jiminy Crickets, seriously like you can't invest a couple of dollars in new carpet. Ones that don't wrinkle all over from the years of wear and tear. The halls were dark and I ended up tripping on one of the wrinkle patches. To be honest at this point I wasn't expecting much of our room, and was I right. Holly schnikes...honestly one of the worst rooms I have ever seen in my life. I first vetured to the window to check out the view. It was a view of a brick wall and that of the parking garage. Nice! Right below valet so I was able to listen to the whistles of the valet parkers all night long. Everything looked well used, must be the last room they will be renevating (hopefully the other rooms did not look like this...especially at the rates I now see online). The bathroom had no cabinets or places of any kind to keep your toiletries. I discovered this when I tried to open one and the door fell off onto my foot. The lighting was so poor in all the rooms, even with the shades open for all that light to come in (yeah, right!). The internet cable was broken, so had to get a new one...which never ended up working anyway. The television was an early 1990 model that barely could get a picture in. We tried to change rooms to see if it was just that room, but they told us the place was booked. I was so shocked, how could that be. I thought to myself, maybe none of them had ever stayed here before either. Then I thought,maybe we are getting punked, but realized a) we weren't and b) we needed to be celebrities to get punked to begin with. The casino was one of the worst. Smokey, old, worn...looked like it should be visted by a wrecking ball soon because with such a great location, I'd imagine someone would buy it soon and build a nice resort/casino. I honestly wished that I had something positive to say about my experience. Perhaps they are renovating and I just got a bad room...not sure.