My husband and i planned a vacation to Las Vegas for some time now. the day finally came for our trip and we were very excited. we've never ben to Vegas. we took off Saturday, July 23rd. we arrived and checked into the Harrahs Hotel that we had reserved for some time now. we went out site seeing and then later on that nite gambled and had some drinks. we went back to our room around midnit. we were getting ready for bed wehen i stummbled and knocked over a lamp. the lamp had fallen to the floor and the light bulb broke and there was glass all on the floor. i called the front desk to let them no that there was broken glass on the floor from the broken light bulb. they told me that they would send somebody up to clean it and i tolsd them no that that was fine cause we were going to sleep already. that it could wait for the morning.. so we fell asleep and woke up around 6am the next morning. I had noticed that the broken glass had ben cleand up. we startd looking around an noticed both our wallets, money and valubles were all gone., we were histerical. so far from home and EVERYTHING stolen. A hotel staff employee had gone in in the middle of the nite while we were sleeping to clean up the glass and we can only assume that there the ones who stole our things. we calld hotel security asoon as we noticed our thing gone. so the manegers and security came up to our room. we startd telling them that we were burglarized and that we thot it could possibly be there staff that did it since they came in in the middle of the nite to clean when i had told them not to. they didnt even care that our stuff was stolen they were VERY rude and made us vacate the primisses using the broken lamp as an excuse why they were kicking us out. they made us pay 300 dollars for a lamp that only had the bulb broken. if we didnt they were gona hve us arrested. they refused to show us any survalince or to investigate there employees. in my opinion i think they were all in on it. if yall every decided to take a trip to Vegas....stay away from the Harrahs hotel!!!!