We just recently stayed at Harrah's Casino/Hotel (April 26-29, 2011). This was our second time staying in this hotel after a successful stay in 2007 - liking the location, the value, and the security. This stay, however, proved in so many ways that Harrah's has cut back on their security (and openly admitted it). You need to be aware of this before you make a decision to stay there. After arriving Tuesday afternoon, we were gone all day on Wednesday out sight-seeing and shopping. We left our "do not disturb" tag out because we didn't need any fresh linens or our room cleaned. When we returned, my husband immediately went to charge his phone but the charger was missing. After looking around for a couple of seconds he then started looking for money he hid in his suitcase. Our safe was closed upon arrival and he didn't want to carry around extra cash so he hid it between business papers in his suitcase. It was gone. I then noticed that my suitcase had been gone through - nothing missing though. So we were missing a phone charger and money. The first thing we did was call hotel security and they were in our room within 15 minutes. We had to fill out an incident report. We were then told several disturbing things during our conversation with security. We asked how fast it would be before getting footage from the hallway cameras and we were told that Harrahs has NO HALLWAY CAMERAS. We then asked why there wasn't a security officer down by the elevators checking hotel keys/IDs like there was the last time we stayed there. We were told that because of the economy/cuts in staff, they eliminated those positions and security officers walk up and down the hallways every couple of hours or so. Great! So all criminals in Las Vegas know this! We asked about a key entry because housekeeping was right across the hall when we left and our do not disturb sign was hanging from our door. He said that he would run our door and see if there was an extra key entry. We havent heard anything yet. The security guard checked our door and discovered it didnt quite close all the way on its own. Well, we had been tugging at it when we left, but there could have been that one time that we didnt. Either way  doors should be properly maintenanced so this doesnt happen because apparently there are door pushers who walk up and down the hallways pushing on doors to see if they will open. I expressed my concern about not feeling safe in the room so the security guard talked to the manager on duty and we were moved to a suite (which wasnt a suite at all, just a little bit bigger regular room). When we went down to switch out our keys we talked to the manager about the lack of security and he told us that it was ILLEGAL to have video cameras in the hallway. What? Then why do the Mirage, Caesars, Bellagio all have security cameras in their hallways? I will no longer stay in a hotel without security cameras in the hallways. Sounds to me like the criminals (or housekeeping) have caught on since the last few posts on here are about theft. Seems like a bunch of us should get together and file a class action suit against Harrahs for their lack of security and knowledge that it is a problem.