From the time we checked in - all went wrong. First room was filthy - hair on floor, unchanged sheets, dirty bathroom, sandpaper toilet paper, no coffee maker in room, cheap soap...So we upgraded - or so we thought of course at a cost to us - The next room - had left over food in the room, smelled bad. But we called, they came and picked up the left over food from previous "guests" - then later we found even more left over food in the Not really refrigerator. Then, I purchased some wine from your gift shop - but of course had to purchase a wine opener. Well it broke off in the cork - I took it back to the gift shop - they said there was nothing they could do - so I asked for a manager - they (yes two ladies came) said sorry they could not open it as the gift shop did not have a license - so they game me another bottle of wine - and another opener - and yes it broke also. So back I went, this time asked them to have someone from Plant Operations bring something to open - still could not do it. I asked for a refund, they said ok but only for one bottle of wine and one opener - REALLY? Of course I only wanted one, but it was very insulting and demeaning that they wanted to make that very clear to me. The staff gave me the feeling that I was bothering them. I am an HR Director of a large hospital system in California, I know customer service - and I am sure none of the owners or executives of Harrahs would stand to be treated as we were. To be fair, the lady in the cashier cage was LOVELY, she was very helpful to tell me how to play - etc. She was the only one. Although we are not "high rollers", this is not the way to get anyone to become one. Our friends do play a lot and they have said they will never come back to Harrahs. They will go to another "nice hotel". Due to my customer service background, I don't feel that is fair without letting those who can do something about this - know what is going on. I feel somewhat responsible for suggesting Harrah's - so that is why I am writing to you. I see from your other comments - I am not alone. I hope you will take my comments in the spirit of which they come and really try to change your guests experiences. It would be a shame to see such an institution crash and burn as it appears you are. Lynda Dasaro, 240 Hidden Creek Drive, Auburn CA 95603 Phone: 916 919 4053. My answer to the next question is based on this experience only - not on previous stays at Tahoe and future will depend on your response. Thank you.