I will never go back to this hotel even if it's for free! My family booked and stayed there from 12/27/09 - 12/29/09, yeah it's a good deal for the price but other 4 stars hotels have competitive price too and i could have had a better service than this crappy old place. We arrived there at about 3pm since that is the check in time, did not get to the counter until 3:45pm because of the loooong line. When we finally get to the receptionist she informed us that our room will not be available until 6pm! What a nightmare and did not even bother to apologize for the inconvinience, as if it's a normal situation. Finally get our keys at about 5pm - better than 6 but it's still 2 hrs late for supposed to be 3pm normal check in time. I finally got all my bags and happy to finally get some rest after driving 300miles just to get to vegas but when i entered my room guess what they have not even clean it! The receptionist gave me a key to a room that has not even cleaned yet! Soooo frustrating! I have to take my bags to my sisters room then we head out for dinner thinking that when i come back it will be cleaned but still after 1.5 hours went back to still uncleaned room. I went down frustrated but still calm to talk to the manager (Chris) he spoke to me and i explained the situation and guess what ?he did not apologize either and instead tried to give me another room that is far away from my family. I told him i do not want to move, just send a person to clean the room as soon as possible - his reply was he cannot do anything about having someone right away, but he took all information and told me that he already sent information to room service. It is now 9pm and still no cleaning crew. Have to call again the front desk manager and this time i spoke to a girl (forgot her name) and explained to her again the problem. She checked and called room service just to find out that cleaning person went to a wrong tower and cleaned the room 1023 there! This time she apologize and told me she will have room service get to my room right away. In short i did not get my room until 10pm, exhausted, frustrated and extreemely UPSET! That hotel should have refunded my one day because of inconvinience!