Las Vegas has so many great, new, modern hotels there is really no good reason to get stuck in anything that doesn't measure up. This hotel clearly has fallen way, way behind the standards of modern Las Vegas and I just don't see any reason to stay here unless you are getting an incredible price and/or really need to be in this physical location (though there are better options nearby). It is on the Las Vegas monorail system, which is handy, and the hotel staff seems nice enough. For starters, this hotel has a tired physical plant that appears to date from the late 70's or early 80's. You're getting none of the excitement of modern Las Vegas, but you are getting the noise, smoke and jumble of a crowded, kitschy, inefficient casino and public spaces. I can't comment on the food because after checking in I spent as little time as possible in the hotel itself. I stayed in this hotel for a trade show. My room was unavailable due to construction (though I made the reservations 6 months in advance I wasn't notified until 48 hours before I left home to arrive here). I was put in another hotel for a night, then when I moved into Harrah's I had to wait in line for an hour to check in because they were still sending people away. They put me in a very grim room when I checked back in; and when I complained they finally moved me into a better room. The "better" room I got was a typical Vegas hotel room -- nice enough -- but suffered from extremely poor soundproofing. My first nite in the hotel I was awakened by the guests next door talking and watching tv (at normal volumes) until 3 in the morning...the next night I was awakened a 5:15 in the morning when a different set of guests rose early to catch a flight (which I knew since I could overhear every word they said). Wait, there's more: - horrible water pressure in the shower - bathroom sink doesn't drain - expensive, balky Internet service. I could go on, by why bother? There are so many great hotel options in Vegas you just shouldn't spend time thinking about this place.