Stayed at Harrah's Feb 15-16th with my sister. Check-in seemed to go fine, we parked our car in their garage, hauled all our luggage up to our room and... the key card wouldn't work! Very annoyed we kept trying but had no luck. I walked down the hall towards the elevator and was getting ready to call the front desk when a bell boy came down the hall. I told him we had just checked in and our card wasn't working. He said 'aw man, I hope it's not the battery' checked our paperwork that showed the room we were in, used his card to let us in and told us to just let the front desk know our cards weren't working, they must not of been activated properly. So we proceded to get ourselves all settled in, unpacked some of our toiletries, used the restroom, and hung out for awhile looking at brochures and relaxing. We were in there probably 30 mins and decided it was time to 'hit the strip'. But first we need to stop by the desk and get our cards activated, no big deal right? WRONG!!! We told the man at the desk the situation and that our key wouldn't work and he asked to see my paperwork and ID which I gave to him, and he asked if the room was in my name and I said yes. He then took out this little purple strip of paper that was in the folder with the room key and asked if we knew the womans name that was on it. We said no and we had no idea what that paper was even for and I thought the womans name on it was the lady that checked me in. He explained that no it should of been my name on it and it was very strange but somehow when I checked in I was handed the wrong paper. That was why our key wouldn't work is because we were going to the wrong room. We explained that we went to the room we were told to go to and how were we to know any different! After asking us if we had been in the room long and if we had touched much and we said yes we had laid on the beds and used the restroom, he still made us move to a different room! He said he was sorry but the room we went to was registered to the lady who's name was on the paperwork and we were supposed to be in room xxx so we were going to have to move! Not only that but because it was a 'security issue' security would have to open the room for us and we had to identify our luggage before we could get it. So he called security and told them to meet us up there, gave us corrct paperwork, apologized again, etc. We hurried back up to our original room assuming security would already be there, but no one was in sight. By now our patience was extremely thin and I found it inexcuseable to have to wait for security, I picked up the house phone in the hall and angrily explained the situation and was put on hold, then security finally decided to saunter on up so I hung up. Security proceeded to watch our every move while we gathered our belongings making us feel practically like criminals. The one guy thought it was very weird we had to move to another room and told us to talk to the manager cause it wasn't right how we were treated. We agreed so we did stop by the managers desk where he apologized and comped our first night's stay. Now all that would of been good and fine if the rest of our stay had gone well, the one night free did go a long way towards making up for all our aggravation although it still stunk to start our night off with such a bad start. However we continued to have a bad experience at this hotel! The first morning there we had just got up and my sister was taking a shower when suddenly this very loud, obnoxious alarm goes off. I called the front desk and told them there was this hideous alarm going off and she asked if we were smoking and I said no and she said she'd look into it. Then we opened the door and there was a maid in the room across from us and she said everything is fine it's nothing to worry about. Ok well that's good to know, however it still took them a good 10 minutes to turn the blasted thing off, it was horrible! Later that day we came back to our room in the afternoon to relax for a little while and I went to get some ice to drink ice water and their ice machine was broken! It may seem like a minor thing but it was just one more irritation. Then to top it all off you would expect after such a bad stay to at least get good cutoomer service while checking out, but oh no not at Harrah's! I was all prepared to compain about everything that went wrong but when the woman checking us out asked how our stay was and I replied 'not very good' she just said 'oh, not very good huh'. I couldn't believe it! A normal response would of been oh I'm so sorry what was the problem? not 'oh not very good'! Then when I got my receipt I couldn't tell what had been charged to my card so I said 'can I get a total on here' and she snapped at me 'it's right there plain as day!' Well no, it was not! It had a charge with a minus sign, a room charge, the buffet we ate at Rio and then another charge with a minus sign. At the bottom where it said total it said zero. There was no total on the bill! I wanted to make darn sure the bill was correct and our one night had been comped so I went over to the manager again but he was busy with another customer. So finally another guy asked if he could help us and he explained our bill but when I said the lady checking us out had been rude he didn't respond so we just got the heck out of there! I honestly have never had such a bad experience at a hotel in my life and even if I was offered a free stay there I would hesitate to return!