I agree with another reviewer who said that everything is gambling-oriented at this hotel. I was here for 3 days attending a conference, and it is definitely not the place to stay at for business/conference purposes. I changed rooms twice, first because, I ended up in the "only available" room upon checking-in that was a smoking room, despite of my request for a non-smoking. Of course, the front desk Staff very conveniently pointed to their "policy" that they assign rooms based on availability, and there were no available non-smoking rooms when I checked in. Never mind the fact, that they are smart enough about charging a deposit for the 1st night's stay weeks in advance on your credit card, but they cannot show the same courtesy to pre-assign you the type of room you need, even with a guaranteed arrival/stay. When I had to change rooms b/c of this, to save myself the time & headaches, I asked specifically whether the next room I will stay at has high-speed Internet access capability and got a positive response. You can imagine after unpacking & packing twice, how frustrating it gets, that the 2nd room I was sent to did NOT actually have high-speed Internet access, which meant me losing half a day of productive work, waiting for 6 different staff people giving me 6 different responses in a 4-hour timeframe, and ultimately the front desk manager telling me at the end of all this "Oh, we have a problem with the high-speed Internet access in the Mardi Gras tower rooms"! So, why could you have not told me that from the beginning, and give me a room in the other tower, instead of causing all this headache and half a day of lost work! I was so upset that I did not have any desire to accept the $30 voucher which he offered that could be used for drinks and meals. I just wanted an ok service and a satisfactory response. I wanted to deal with trained staff who knew of all this. Ohh, one last thing, I travel quite a lot, and this was the only hotel I stayed at until now, that has a daily rate of $20, for using the fitness center!!!