I'll just start off by saying how angry I am! Avid NASCAR fan, drove 15 hours from Washington to stay @ the Stratosphere. I booked my deal via Orbitz a month in advance. Two rooms, one deluxe & we paid $60 to upgrade one room to the new & improved "Strat Select" newly renovated? yea right!! Checking the record, their most recent renovation was in 2006! So right off the bat thats fraudulent advertising. Specifically noting that I wanted a King smoking room... I called two times just to confirm my king bed & smoking room. I was told not to worry, it was set in stone. I check in @ 3am, exhausted, only to get charged an additional "resort fee" of $40 and I get sent up to my room that had 2 queen beds opposed to the King I booked, no ashtrays, it was also a non smoking room. Keep in mind, I upgraded this room because I wanted a view, I got one all right! A view of the parking garage! I slept it off for the night and confronted the front desk the next morning, only to be told " we don't reserve king beds".ok, whatever, just give me a smoking room! I get the smoking room & it's equipped w a king bed, go figure, the original room I booked. I get to my new room, unload my belongings & set out to the parking garage to realize I left my phone in my previous room on the night stand. Frantically, both my boyfriend & I ran up there to try and get in to our old room. Housekeeping was cleaning the adjacent room at the time, barely speaking English she told me she could not open the door because I had to key, understandable, I run to the front desk, at this point I'm missing my race that I drive 15 hours to see, so I am far from happy! Front desk gives me a key, I go up to get my phone & it's not there! We spent 2 hours searching and tearing the room apart. Double checked all out things just to be certain before accusations were made. Taking this issue to security & being very firm, they sent a crew up to investigate before a claim could be filed. The lady who did the search found not only an un sat room, but a bra under our bed!!! Surely it was not mine! She ordered the room to be pulled due to lack of their health codes. Now my $600 iphone4s with all my photos from my stay was hot in the housekeepers hands & the room I just spent 2 nights in was deemed un healthy! Upon checkout, I spoke with their hotel lead and he assured me I would be reimbursed for those 2 nights... I guess we will see beings I just checked out today. As for the phone & my sentimental value... It's at Risk management level & after reading all these bad reviews, I'm concerned I will see no resolution. ={ Hate Stratosphere!!! New update; Sent a claim to the LAS VEGAS poilice dept. Risck management was a joke. They tell you they are here to help you and will do their best to resolve the issue, yet the wait for you to leave to tell you, their investigation was closed... I was informed that there is a Nevada state law protecting hotels & their employess from being held responsible for theft in your room. Housekeeping was seen on film going into my room IMMEDIATLY after I asked her to let me in, yet she cleaned nothing!!! riddle me that batman! Case is NOT closed on my behalf, I will find justice one way or another. If your thought process was like mine, and your looking to book a "cheap" hotel, pay the extra $ and go anywhere else.