If you are going to Vegas to party and you don't care what the room is like, because all you need is a bed to crash in and a way to wash away the sin through glazed eyes the next morning; then this hotel will do ... except that it's a good half hour walk to the actual strip and you are NOT in a good area to be walking around at night anyway. From experience (15 years ago & pre-bankruptcy) we thought that this hotel was a really nice place to stay! As avid travelers, we should have known better and were seriously disappointed with our choice! After paying extra for a so-called upgraded room it would be frightening to see what a standard room is like! We did however get a great view of Las Vegas mountains if we stood right in front of the window - but they may as well have been portholes on a cruise ship. About 3 feet wide (air conditioner width) it made NO SENSE someone would design a hotel with tiny windows when you have these awesome views beyond! The photos they use in all of their literature to sell you a room is NOT the room they give you. We joked that it's not even the same hotel as the windows are much bigger in the advertisements. The place smells old and funky and the bathroom is ridiculously small. You have less than the basics not even a coffee maker. We found the customer service fairly rude and exceptionally unhelpful from front desk and the lines for checking in and out are loooong, expect up to 40 minutes plus waiting in line ... oh, and then you have to pay a FEE for that experience as well!!! (read on) We heard EVERYTHING in the hallways and neighboring rooms ... the shower; the toilet 'operations', the tv; telephone conversations ... etc. The air conditioner was stuck (broken) on high, but it felt like 74 degrees the whole time. Well, at least our sheets were clean and the bed was comfortable. They have a budget rental car office on the second floor but if you don't speak Spanish, good luck renting from them. And FYI, the Starbucks in the casino charges exorbitantly. Like .95 cents for an extra caramel syrup in a caramel frappe! Welcome to Vegas, right? That said, upon check out, this is what our bill looked like : Room charge + room upgrade + 21% taxes + $9.99 mandatory cleaning fee + $2.75 check-in fee + $16 check-out fee + $23 resort fee ... per person + a $50 convenience fee <-- Huh?!! (We called and had that one removed as they couldn't tell us what the "convenience fee" exactly was - *cough* *shady* * cough*!) + $12/day for internet + $19 to go up into Stratosphere Tower ... and I am sure I am forgetting other fees, we were completely bewildered! Then, we also found out that a buffet for two was included in all these fees we did not know about but of course front desk refused to remove the charge they added and yet failed to mention telling us that "we should have known what we were paying for when we bought the package" ... unbelievable! We obviously had the worst of the worst experiences and maybe we just bummed out on everything, like the worst room in the worst location with the broken air conditioner and the tiniest bathroom and they forgot the coffee machine and the closet doors and to spray air freshner and clean the shower head and they ran out of normal sized windows 15+ years ago; but when we tried to change rooms it was obvious that the hotel management just REALLY didn't care. This was a double slap in the face when we received the bill. In summary, this hotel on all levels of accommodation and service was just AWFUL!