I stayed at the Stratosphere in September 2008 and had a good memory of it. It's extremely cheap for a hotel right on the Strip. It has a big pool area and offers its hotel guests free access to the tower. My stay in June 2011, however, was a total disaster. At check-in, the girl asked us (three guys) whether we wanted an extra bed. Considering that it was free, we agreed to it. The room was towards the very back of the hotel, it was old and full of grunge. The window we had was tiny and the bathroom was claustrophobic. We decided to go out for the day and got back to the hotel at 2 am. Guess what: the extra bed still hadn't arrived! So, we called the front desk if they could send an extra bed. We had to wait an extra 20 minutes for that bed to arrive. But the best is still to come: the next morning, at 10 am, we receive a phone-call. My friend answered and after a few times of saying "yes" and "aha", he hangs up and tells us that a woman was calling from security. She told him that we were to go to the front-desk immediately because of safety issues. So, we got dressed and hurried to the elevator. At the bottom, police units and hotel security were keeping people from going up but nobody wanted to tell us what was going on. We went to the front desk and asked them why they woke us up. They didn't have a clue what we were talking about and suggested we ask at security. We went to security and there they only told us that they would offer us a free breakfast. So, during breakfast, the head of security showed up and explained us that there had been a shooting in the room under us. That's why they had to evacuate our floor. After breakfast we wanted to go back to our room, but there was a security guy in front of the elevator, telling us that our floor was still under investigation and that he didn't know when it would be ok to go back. So, we looked around and saw dozens of police cars outside. After an hour we asked again and the security officer said it was safe to go up again. While you may only pay 30 to 50 USD for the night, it soon becomes clear why this hotel is so cheap. It is located at the outer end of the Strip and after dark, there are some shady characters hanging out in front of it. Obviously some hotel guests are also criminals and they even manage to turn the hotel into CSI Las Vegas. The center area of the strip is not in walking distance, which means that you have to take a taxi or the bus. I will never spend a night at the Stratosphere again. My top tip: if you're looking for a hotel in Vegas: go for another one!