We were a little confused and undecided about which hotel to choose in this first stay in Vegas, I got married last November and this was our honeymoon and was hoping to have the best time and the best hotel possible within our budget. There was the stratosphere, the Luxor and the Circus Circus, all around the same price, we ended up choosing the stratosphere because I really wanted to enjoy the tower view and amenities. So we checked in and asked for a king, NON-SMOKING room, and when we got to the room, it had probably one of the strongest smoking odors I've ever felt, I have rhinitis and my nose doesn't work that well, so, if a smell bothers me, it's because it's REALLY BAD. I don't like to complain, I work in the hotel business and I know that sometimes it's really had to deal with people requesting and complaining about stuff. But in this case we had to ask to change the room because it was a whole week there, so we changed and the other room was at the same floor, and a liiitle bit less worse than our first room, but I thought we just had to suck it up and keep it. I was a tough week sleeping, candles helped a lot otherwise it would be impossible. In one of our last days there, we decided to go and check the pool, and it's quite far from "Travelocity people", you have to go down the "Tour" elevators, walk through the cassino and take the "central" elevators, and a looong walk from there. BUT in this case it was a good walk cause we saw how we we're treated, they gave us a TOTALLY different hotel, this "central" area it's like the hotel we were waiting for, nice hallways, clean and renovated rooms, I felt like I was in another hotel, we felt they mistreated us because we booked travelocity, they gave us the old, stinky stratosphere. and the LOCATION is the worst possible if you are trying to enjoy the Vegas Strip, it's the very first hotel at the north of the strip and the surroundings are not pleasant, to say the least, you have to walk about 1 hour to reach the heart of the strip, if it wasn't for the bus, it would be terrible. We mostly only had contact with the front desk staff and the tower staff, including a nice gentleman at the elevator, and they were all TOP NOTCH, it's not their fault that we got such an old and stinky hotel, we're definitely not staying there anymore. We should have gone to the Luxor, or even Circus Circus. HINT: When purchasing tickets for shows, buy them at a place called HALF PRICE TICKETS, it's the way to go, if you buy at the venue, or with your hotel concierge you will pay twice the price.