It is hard to know where to start: 1) The bartenders at the Casino bar were very rude all three days I was there. I mean beyond one guy having a bad day rude. I mean all of them all of the time. Rude to me, my wife and everyone else. You figure if you pay $12 a drink and tip these people might be nice to you or even just not be rude. 2) When we checked in the person who checked us in was super nice (Regina I think), and it went downhill from there. We had an incredible view of a PARKING GARAGE. I dont stay in the stratosphere to check out a parking garage all week. 3) The carpet in the rooms was disgusting and the rooms were just a tiny level above your common Howard Johnson 4) Not once while I gambled was I offered a drink. This is just common casino courtesy. This was a big issue with me. If I am spending money in your casino and staying there, at least offer me a drink while I gamble. 5) I was woken up every day at around 9am by the sound of jet engine vaccum cleaners. THIS IS VEGAS people. We stay out till 4 and sleep until noon. This alone would keep me from ever coming back. 6) The food options go from expensive to unreal pricey here. You figure being so far from the main strip of hotel you would offer something to entice people in. A cheap buffet, a gamblers special, cheap drinks. But none of those was available at all. Way better and cheaper drink and food options in the REAL strip. 7) There was no coffee maker in the room 8) The "air conditioner" in our room barely put out air. It was steaming in our room all weekend 9) The INFO desk people were no help ever and almost as rude as the casino bar bartenders 10) The pool was cool though. Even though drinks are $11 a piece, at least the pool was nice and clean and enjoyable 11) Needs much better ventilation in the casino. It smells like pee and cigarettes in there. Compared to stratosphere the bellagio was purified air. 12) Get ready to spend $15 each way on a cab,because this place is FAR away from the main hotels. Beyond walking distance. About 3 miles from Bellagio. If you want to have fun in a cool casino it will cost you $30 round trip on cabs. 14) The casino bar is a huge miss. They really need to clean it up and do something cool with it, replace the bartenders, offer more specials and they will have people meeting there and partying there hardcore. If these things had been like that when we were there we would have stayed at the hotel and spent all our money on drinks there. But it was a miserable experience even being at the bar, so we left. 15) Overall the hotel was sub par and the service was horrible. I was counting the minutes until I could leave the stratosphere. When I walked into the HARD ROCK Hotel I didnt want to leave and come back to the stratosphere (they are worlds apart). Worst hotel stay I have ever had and certainly not a place I would recommend to anyone. BIG IMPROVEMENTS needed. I could provide you a huge list of detailed fixes that would make this place enjoyable at least. Overall DIRTY AND OVERPRICED is the way I would describe my entire stay here. Spend the money and stay at the Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn or Caesars.