I just got back from Vegas last night. What a horrible experience with this hotel! I dont even know where to start. I booked the Strip View Star Suite at this hotel way back in early Jan 2011. I made sure that it was a strip view and smoking. I was very excited because this room seemed nice and roomy. Fast foward to March 8, 2011. We check in around 5pm. Mayra Childs the front desk 'supervisor" is helping us. She tells me that they DO NOT have that suite available. I say "how do you not have it available? I booked this room about 3 months ago and you dont have it?" She tells me no they dont they are all booked and that they have the Grand Suite for xxx.xx more. I ask her if we can get that suite..she also tells me they dont have it avalable. She tells me i have a choose either the star suite with no strip view, or the romance suite. I asked for the star suite because i never wanted the romance suite. too small. She says ok and tells me i have to put down a $150 security deposit. Im like "wait, what?...no one ever mentioned this! I had the impression my room was already paid for" I didnt have enough on my card and neither did my husband so he had to go find a bank to deposit they money. I stood there till he got back and we were helped by some other man. We asked him is the room was at LEAST smoking. Nope. They couldnt even give us that. We asked if the rooms had a refrigerator and microwave because that is what we saw online. He says "yes there should be" . About 2 hours after we tried to 'check in", we get to our 'downgraded suite" and it was the ROMANCE SUITE! what i specifically said i did not want. I call the front desk and Mayra Childs picks up. I told her "I thought you gave us the Star Suite. You told me i had to pick the Romance Suite or Star Suite" She RUDELY tells me "Well, we dont have the other one available so I made it clear that now we only have the romance suite". I know what the romance suite and all the other suites look like, she didnt fool me. We look around and we realize there was not microwave. My husbands calls the front desk and asks them. They tell him to call housekeeping. He does and they tell him they do not have microwaves. So I call the 1800 number and ask a live person if their suites have microwaves. They tell me they do. Literally a minute later, the room phone rings. I pick it up and its Mayra Childs. she tells me "Hi its Mayra Childs from the Front Desk, im calling to let you know that im trying to make you understand that we DO NOT have microwaves!" Im trying to tell her "I called the number AND another man from front desk both said theyre would be" Im not sure if she heard me because she sounded really pissed off and just kept going on about the microwaves. She is still talking and going off how she 'explained to me that they do not have microwaves and she made it clear to me so why do i not understand that" She was seriously talking to me like i was a child! "You keep calling the front desk and asking all these questions about things we do not have avaible! im just trying to make you feel satisfied!" That was seriously the last straw. I let her know what i was ABSOLUTELY NOT HAPPY that I pay for a suite that wasnt available, i got downgraded and still had to pay the same. I couldnt even get a smoking room. Different people tell us different things. Took us over 4 hours to get everything settled. I told her some other things and asked her to leave us alone and stop calling us. I hung up the phone. Our first night there was horrible. The only good thing about the Stratosphere was that we had unlimited trips to the top of the tower. amazing view. Took like 30 mins to get up there since one elevator was available and there was a long line. We only got to go to the inside observation deck because the outside was "closed". Level 107 bar isnt all that great. We had to stay in a certain "area' of the bar. what the hell? Seriously, I have never had such a HORRIBLE experience! Circus Circus and Sahara have 1000 times better customer service! NEVER AGAIN WILL I STEP FOOT IN THIS HORRENDOUS PLACE! Watch out for Mayra Childs. Front Desk "Supervisor" She looks like shes 17 yrs old and she has some SERIOUS attitude. P.S our $150 "security deposit" was supposed to be refunded after we checked out...im still waiting for that to happen...