I had booked 2 rooms for 3 nights through the stratosphere website. I arrived at the hotel at around 7:00 pm and the lady at the check in said that I would not be able to get any rooms. I would have to upgrade or take smoking rooms. I explained to her that I was allergic to smoke so I could not take smoking rooms and that we were all college students with a tight budget so we could not afford an upgrade. I said that we could wait and asked her how many hours it would take for the rooms to be ready. She refused saying it could take a very very long time and she would not be able to even get us any rooms at all then. She refused to call housekeeping and find out how soon they could get some rooms ready. I then asked her to give us one smoking room and we would put our bags in there and told her we would wait for the other non smoking room since I am allergic to smoke. There were just 4 of us anyways and she could easily have arranged that. She againg refused. We also could not afford an upgrade. She refused and said it was hotel policy and that I could check on my itinerary where it would be stated that the room bookings are just requests and the hotel reserves the right to ask to upgrade. Nothing like that was written on the itinerary. She said that she would be able to do nothing for us at all and I was forced to pay for an upgrade. The towels in the rooms also smelled of cigarette smoke. Due to my smoke allergy, I had to go and buy a towel from outside. I am extremely upset that my stay in Las Vegas was spoiled on the first day itself and I was forced to pay more just because the hotel could not give us our rooms. It was 7:00 in the evening when we checked in and I would think their rooms should be ready considering that I never saw any housekeepers on my floor after 4:00 - 5:00 p.m. My family owns a motel in Texas and I do know a lot about hotel business so I do know when I am being made a fool of. I think this was just a way to get us to pay more money. I will be returning to Vegas next year but i will definitely not stay at Stratosphere again and will never recommend it to any of my friends or family.