When we booked the hotel we booked two rooms assuming that they would be next together. When we got there we were in for a rude awakening. We kept getting the...There's no Guaranty policy. We were unhappy with that so they waived the resort fees and told us that we could switch rooms in the morning and we'd be together. The rooms were in two completely different towers of the hotel. Went back the next morning and the manager gave us there's not guarantee policy spill again. Talk about pissed off. Checked out he told us to come back at 6pm. We came back there was a new manager who gave us the same no guarantee policy that the rooms would be close together. She finally got us some rooms that were pretty close together. We even went for the deluxe rooms assuming they would be really nice. They were average nothing too spectacular. Anywho get to the new room and in the bathroom there's dirty towels and someones old crusty hot pink bath pouf hanging up as well as a broken towel rack with nicely folded towels. Had maintenace and housekeeping come up ASAP to take care of the situation. Housekeeping came and was cleaning my sister told them to clean certain things. One called her a crazy lady and made bird noises in Spainish thinking we wouldn't understand. We asked for our friends room to be cleaned as well and they said we needed to call for it to be cleaned when they could have walked across the hall. Called it in and they had to clean it anyways...so they talked crap about that. The water was awful. Guess u can't do much about that. The entire hotel including casino smelt like mildew. It was a ghost town in there. Suppose the hotel is doing some remodeling but that doesn't mean that corners should be cut by not having enough staff. There were only like two waitresses to serve the entire casino. They took forever to come back with the drinks. One got mad because I moved to a slot machine and got a funky attitude. Not to mention there are swarms of homeless people around that hotel. It's on the end of the strip....far from everything. The location was terrible. Oh yeah the bar upstairs was ok. Also we couldn't swim in there IN DOOR POOL because it was closed for the season. What hotel do you know has a seasonal indoor pool. That sucked big time.