We have just returned from staying at the Stratosphere on a 2 week break in Las Vegas and we were very disappointed with what we experienced. I haven't ever written a review online before - but felt so upset about the stay I thought I should at least share with others thinking of staying at the Strat. We were first of all placed on the '5th' floor which we soon found out was actually the 1st floor - and had a view of a brick wall and air con units. This was fine for us as it was only a base. However only a few days into our trip we were rudely awoken by a security guard doing checks at 7am causing the shutters across the lifts to clank and crash several times. Eventually this was resolved but was too late to get more sleep. Then a few days later we were then awoken at 5am but banging and drilling noises and after several calls down to front desk the noise just continued. Each time we were told that the issue will be dealt with and that 'the manager would be told', however the noise continued. We then discovered that building work had started on the casino floor - the noise we could hear was a pneumatic drill breaking up tiles and the banging was the replacement tiles. We asked the builders how long the job will be - and said 5 days!! basically mon to fri so that weekend guests aren't affected presumably. They were again noisy the next morning and we were ignored by requests for them to start later. Presumably, building work is cheaper if they can start early rather than a reasonable time in the morning that would be suitable for paying guests stayinga t a hotel. We were also not notified by the hotel at all about this building work. We were so appalled. We were then given a letter the following day to say that the hot water would be off for the entire day until late afternoon. We then decided to move room - this was something we wanted to avoid given that all our belongings were unpacked already for a 2 week break. As we couldn't bear another early waking, we asked to be moved and to be fair the lady we spoke to did this without any hesitation or the need for us to be assertive with the request. She however placed us in a disabled room in the premier block on 12th which was dated and unclean and lacked the facitilities we were using in the other room. All in all we were very disappointed in our stay at the hotel and would certainly not stay there again. If anyone is thinking of staying, i do think it comes cheap with a package flight deal which is great. having free access to the tower is cool and being halfway between downtown and the main strip is good in order to see both sides. I would either recommend staying elsewhere - perhaps closer to the main places on the strip to save on taxis, or I would defiantely ask for a high floor room to avoid any interruption. I was disappointed they didn't respect their guests - i mean, why place guests staying for 2 weeks on the 1st floor when they knew building work was due to start for half that time. We didn't stick around a use many of the other amenities there. However we did try the buffet whcih was pretty grim. The plates had old food stuck to them and the plastic glasses were all chipped. Contrast this with the bellagio buffet and you'll see the strat have a cheek with what they are offering. Other things about staying in LV - use the deuce bus, only $7 per 24 hour hop on and off. Don't use the starbucks internet terminal - go across the road to the locals cafe where internet is much cheaper for longer. Also try to book tours and trips online before you go, or even while you're there - don't rely on the tour operators vying for your business. Hope this review helps someone with their decision about where to stay. In sum, stay somewhere else!