Don't let people fool you on how Stratosphere really. is. We stayed for 4 days. In that 4 days, the hotel services came into our room once. The first day we showed up they screwed up our reservations. The man who served us then said there may not even be a room available after I made reservations and talked to the staff the night before and prepaid everything. I had specifically asked for a room with nonsmoking as my partner is VERY allergic and causing health problems. I told the staff that from get go, they offered me the |only room available at the time" of 2 beds in a smoking room. I had booked a king in nonsmoking. I then had to make a big deal infront of the man for him to realize this isn't a deal of comfort, this is truly due to a health reason. He then magically found our room, sounds convienient huh?He then tried to make it seem like he was out of his way to get me a room that was lower graded than what I intentially paid for, on a floor lower than what I was told. It took them an hour to get our luggage to us.The maid who came once was because we had to trap one down and ask. Which our service sign was up constantly. No clean towels, no extra luxuries. The ice cube machine was gross. The room was very basic, which was fine. But when all is said and done, the staff weren't friendly at all. In fact I would NEVER goback, NEVER advise my worst enemy to go. The location is horrible! You are constantly being followed by bums and being harrassed for cash and such. That alone with the pure ghetto feel ruined the whole luxury and feel of the hotel aside from them doing it themselves. The pool was dirty, wasn't cleaned, people were spilling drinks into the pool, there were cups and straws which were floating in the water. The lifeguard was in the pool and completely ignored the fact there were objects floating in the water. They do not care about their outlook to customers nor control that problem. THE ONLY THING THAT SAVED THIS HOTEL WAS ROXY'S DINER AND OUR SERVER CASH. He was amazing, friendly, helpful, the prices and food were amazing, that is the only thing good about that hotel is the fact that diner is located within it. When we had gotten the professional pictures done, the staff was horrible, slow and not well trained. BUT there was a gentleman named Adam, he was amazing. If you are to get your pictures done and service please ask for him! With everything said, for the price of the hotel, and it being convient in price, isn't worth your entire first Las Vegas experience nor sanity. Please, enjoy your Vegas experience else where, NOT there. If I were to reccommend anywehre it would be by far THE MIRAGE, we walked into that hotel and everyone was friendly asking what they could do to help, it was spotless, welcoming and beautiful beyond words. when they found out about our experience they offered us a discount for us to stay with them. TI was very friendly, I strongly advise that everyone take our experience into consideration and reconsider if you have leaned towards the stratosphere.