We booked this hotel because it was cheap and also had ok ratings! But the truth is: This is the worst hotel ever on earth!!!! I cannot even begin to think what an awful place the stratosphere really is!!! 1. We were waken up at 3am by this horrible snore coming from next door guests, we called the front desk, they said they'd just send someone up to wake this dude up. But we did not want that, we wanted to have the room changed, since this guy would only be checking out the day before us. It took AGES to have everything sorted, finally we were in a different room by 5am. 2. My parents were trying to call me 4 bloody times, and each time they got refused even though they gave the right name and room number. We called the front desk to ask what the hell was going on, the woman kept making excuses, saying its not their fault, that it must've been my parents that not getting something right! Which was just crazy! In the end, she said the reason why they rejected the calls were because the letter 'Z' was not pronounced right. I just could not believe what she just said, I mean how we say Z is different from how the americans say it, but i cannot believe for that different accent reason, they rejected my parents call 4 times!!! which they were not sincere about it in the slightest!!! 3. On our last night, we got back at 11.30pm, and our room was not cleaned. We were soo tired and angry, we called the front desk telling them we left the hotel at 2pm, and there were 2 cleaners outside servicing the floor. However, the front desk woman said they left us a message on the phone asking us to tell them when we'd like our room to be cleaned, we said we had never got the message, and she said that's because she had deleted it just now. Anyway, she said she could send someone now, but again, she never apologized or anything, instead she sounded like it was our fault and how dare us call her up about it! In the end, we never got them to clean the room, we just could not be bothered with this hotel anymore. We have never stayed in a hotel where the staff would be this horrible to their guests, making up crap excuses for their mistakes. AGAIN, WORST HOTEL ON EARTH EVER! DO NOT STAY THERE!!!