My unanswered (through several emails) message to Stratosphere Hotel: We booked and stayed at your hotel November 6-9. We had a very large group with us, giving your hotel a significant amount of business. We had called previous to our stay to ask about an upgrade. The woman on the phone explained the upgrades and we were interested in the mountain view king bed room. We went ahead and booked that and upon check-in were charged for that upgrade. We also were thrown with a "there is also a $7.50 per day charge as well" Fine, whatever. We were tired and wanted to get to our room. Not happy about the hidden fees though. We got to our room and found we had 2 queen beds, not a king. I went to go into the bathroom to take a quick shower and we had no toiletries whatsoever. We ended up with the hassle of tracking down housekeeping to give us our toiletries. 3 strikes with your hotel within minutes of arriving is not the way to impress guests. My husband went down and complained to the front desk about us not having a king bed and not having any toiletries and the snotty front desk person said "well ask housekeeping" and "you paid for the view, not the bed" and refused to do a thing about it! Then, to top it all off, the walls of your hotel are paper thin. Every time someone hit their automatic lock on their car in the parking garage, we would hear it. Every car alarm that went off, we heard it. We also got stuck with the awful room by the elevator and heard "ding ding" all night long and heard every word of every conversation of people getting on and off the elevator. I had to call the front desk at 5 am to complain about the neighbors who were screaming at each other too. Security did come up once, but it never stopped. In fact, they proceeded to pound on the walls because they apparently were mad we called security. Also, we were supposed to be a nonsmoking floor and people were all over the hallways smoking cigarettes. We barely got a few hours of sleep at your hotel. We would have been better of sleeping in our car! Overall, we had an awful stay at your hotel. I would really appreciate some sort of refund of our money for what we endured. I would appreciate a response back. I am a very frequent visitor to several travel websites and read reviews of your hotel and booked regardless. Now I wish we never would have. I will be adding my own soon if something is not done about this. Thank you for your time.