I stayed in this hotel over 4 nights and had a horrible experience. Pros: Very clean rooms with clean toilets. Reasonably big rooms. But that's all. Just a basic room for a good night sleep.Very cheap as well. A few fast food restaurants(Carl's Junior across the road) and iHOP nearby so there is no problem with finding late night supper and breakfast. Cons: Location. Do not by deceived by the description "located at the north end of the Strip". Yes it IS located at the North End of the Strip but the walk to the real "glitzy,glammy ,bling bling" action of the Strip beginning from Wynn to Luxor, is a 30-45min walk away. We can see Mirage hotel from Stratosphere, but it is literally a mirage in the desert(how appropriately named) which seems so near but yet so far. The Deuce which services the Strip is useless too, as it can take nearly 30 minute for the bus to travel that short distance from Stratosphere to Caesar's Palace due to jams and visitors taking a long time to buy tickets on the bus. The bus can take 10-15min just to pick up passengers at each bus stop. The frequency of the Deuce bus is very bad as well. Service. This is the worst part of the hotel and the main reason why i rate this hotel as a 1 star hotel. I know that Vegas was 'built-on-20 dollar tips" but i did not expect to pay for every single advice and assistance! Check-in staff were unfriendly and concierge was useless. She hardly answered any of our questions and the only expression she has on her face is a stoned one. Asking the casino and hotel staff simple questions like 'where can i purchase the American Superstar tickets' are more often replied with a 'expressionless-no eye contact' point to a certain direction. But the WORST part is yet to come. During 1 of the night when we return to our room, we couldn't open the door with our card. When we went to the check-in counter, we approached 2 check-in ladies who were chatting for assistance. They brushed us off and told us to approach another lady instead because 'they were busy'. So we approach the lady whom the 2 ladies pointed us to for assistance. She was counting some cash and look flustered when we asked her for assistance. Unsurprisingly she told us to approach the first 2 ladies whio were chatting instead!! Super pissed by now and when i told the 3 ladies off only did another guy came to help us. Please note that it was 12am and there were NO OTHER guests checking in or out. Well as the guy checked our reservation records, he had a puzzled look on his face and it took him quite a while to recode the access card and return it to us. Apparently we had overstayed our bookings and this information was not told to us by the hotel staff. We only discovered our mistake on the next night and this mistake cost us to miss our flight for 1 entire day!! I admit that it was my mistake but the hotel staff should have kindly let us know about it, or at least ask if we would like to stay another night instead of just recode the card after checking our bookings! The lady who handled our check-out the next day also had a puzzled look on her face and even had to consult her manager during the checking out. I am sure that they are aware of our overstay and yet NONE of them bother to inform us. The check-out staff could have mentioned that we are charged an extra night but didn't. We could have catch an earlier flight out of Vegas if they informed us earlier but nothing was done. I am not sure if they just can't be bothered or have an integrity issue, but i am definitely not coming back to this hotel again.