The title says it all. We arrived late (around 10pm) but even then had to wait half an hour to check in. When we finally got to a receptionist she advised that we had been upgraded. Having reserved a room with a king bed or 2 queens we werent quite sure what to expect. However, when we got to our room we discovered we had been allocated a dreadful room. It had a really odd layout; the lounge area was bigger than the sleeping area and the two were separated with a wall which blocked out most of the light from the one small window. To add insult to injury the bed was a standard double and they had left a pull out bed in the lounge area. We asked for the pull out to be moved immediately as it took up so much space and it was still there an hour later - when we called down to again we were told it would be in the next hour - this was at 11.35pm so we told them the next five minutes or not to bother - we were just on the point of moving it into the corridor ourselves some 20 minutes later when someone finally came to take it away. To top it all off we were right next to the lift shaft and, being Vegas, we could hear the lifts all night. We had gone straight downstairs to complain when we were first shown the room but received a none to helpful or friendly response - the long & short of it being they were full so we could put up and shut up and try again the next morning to see if we could be moved. When we asked what was "upgrade" about that particular room we were told it was the view. Our view from our less than big window was the car park. The following morning we went downstairs at 10pm to see if there was another room available (on the way we could see just how awful our room was compared to others which were much more spacious, had king or 2 queen beds and big picture windows) and were told this would be possible but that they could not give us the room number until 12 noon. We were only in Vegas for 4 days and frankly did not want to spend half a day waiting around in the hotel but seemingly had little choice so we went to the pool area. The staff there were just as indifferent to their guests and made no show of hiding their boredom. There was nothing attractive about the pool area - all flat hard concrete with nothing to soften the edges (no planting nothing, just sunbeds and the pool and very little shade with only a few umbrellas). On top of this they had R & B blaring from the speakers situated all around the pool - this was so loud that it drowned out my ipod. It was the straw that broke the camel's back and after 15 minutes i went down to research alternative accommodation on the internet. When we went to check out 1/2 an hour later the reception made it clear that they really couldnt have cared less. I've since written to the hotel to complain and not even received a response. The only plus point? The door staff - they were totally charming and polite - a complete contrast to the reception staff who really couldnt give a damn - they could certainly learn a few lessons from them. I wouldnt recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.