It is important to note that I was a VIP guest as the result of accumulating so many points on previous visit. Antiquated hardware throughout The free suite I was given was adequate but the toilet ran after flushing unless you jiggle the handle or remove the toilet cover and go inside the tank. Peeling paint in the toilet area. This was in a suite. Housekeeping Ridiculous how do you sleep in? Housekeeping is a very efficient operation here. Efficient to the point of discomfort. If you hang the do not disturb sign on your door they will call you that morning at about 1000 hrs to ask you when they can clean your room. YES, they will call between 10 o'clock and 11 o'clock to wake you up to ask when they can clean. There seems to be no designated cleaning time as they show up sometimes as late as 2 o'clock in the afternoon. So you can get up and go out and come back in the afternoon and your room is just as you left it in the morning. Room Service Definitely a hit or miss proposition. Sometimes they get it right and sometimes they don't. What is funny is after they get it wrong and they realize it they will call and ask you if everything is okay. They never call under normal circumstances only if they check and realize they forgot something you asked for. This is the ghetto/hood of hotels in Vegas as the result of this some people will be suspect of you. Do not be surprised if you are insulted by someone who works there until you identify yourself as a paying guest. You can assume the cocktail waitresses and the bellmen have been burned numerous times before by the hood element/low roller contingent that permeates this hotel as they treat you like a suspect not a guest until you tip them. Do not bother complaining about anything as I can most certainly tell you that you will be blown off. It gets to the point where you just get tired of asking for the same thing over and over again so you stop asking. I guess this is the strategy they wear you down. Fitness Center Do not waste your time They give a lot of points but when you order from their gift catalog ignore the pictures as you will not get what is depicted in the picture. You will receive a product but not what is depicted in the photo. Not worth the shabby treatment. I would rather spend my money someplace where they make you feel welcome. Keep in mind I have VIP/High Roller status here so I got the best of what they had to offer for free and it was still certainly not worth it. One more thing... complain about anything and you will very diplomatically be blown off