I reserved a "Romance suite with a view of the strip" two weeks prior to me staying here at the Stratosphere. Upon check in, the lady at the front desk informed us that the suite I had booked two weeks ago was not available and they had changed our room to a "Star Suite" instead. When we asked her what the difference between the two rooms were she told us the romance comes with an open tub to the living area and the star suite did not. We were in Vegas for our one year wedding anniversary so the open jacuzzi tub was our selling point on booking this suite. After explaining this to the lady, she went to speak with her manager and about ten minutes later comes back and tells us we are going to get a romance suite after all. GOOD. We were charged a $7.50 resort fee daily during our stay here, yet this place is nothing spectacular. We stayed on the 12th floor and had a view of the rooftop of the 11th floor. The carpeting in the hallways is old, and all bunched up in areas. The windows in the rooms do not open so you can not get any fresh air into your room. Our room was a large size but nothing spectacular. This is the only suite I have ever stayed in that came with plastic wrapped plastic cups! No glasses at all. The tub is seperated from the shower which was expected, but what was not expected was the mold inside and on the sides of both. Absolutely disgusting. My husband and I didn't even use the tub the entire stay because if there is mold all over it, it couldn't be very clean. The wall connected to the shower had been molding and rotting away to where there was a hole forming on side where the wall paper and dry wall were missing. The only good thing about this place was the room service. It was quick and not very expensive but my food arrived to my room nice and hot and tasted good. The location of this place is horrible as well. They fail to mention you are about a 2 mile hike to the general fun parts of the strip, be prepared to drive or catch the deuce if you plan on staying here and seeing the strip. It is across the street from Fun City Motel. Very classy! I've stayed at suites all over in Las Vegas and would recommend any of them compared to this Craposphere. For the $400 you will pay for a weekend here at the Stratosphere, you can book a nicer, cleaner, more conveniently located suite at either Palms Place, or The Signature Suites at the MGM. Both are very good values for your money. Don't waste it here!