I booked a suite January 2009 for our trip August 2009. But by July we found a better deal for Excalibur Hotel. I cancelled the Stratosphere reservation and received an email confirmation with the cancellation number. I trusted that the reservation charged to my account was going to be credited back. Credits reflect on credit card accounts in 3-5 business days and I got busy I totally forgot to check back. September 2, I saw a charge from Stratosphere hotel on my credit card for $2.84. The first time I called their accounting department the person I spoke with told me the charge was for something authorized at the front desk but she doesn't see what for. I told her we cancelled the reservation and never stayed at the hotel. She was very rude. She said she didn't see that the reservation was cancelled and that since this is the first time it happened, as a courtesy she will credit my account. Courtesy?!?! I told her I could give her the cancellation number I got from email. But she declined. After we hung up I called back to speak to the front desk manager to see what was the charge for and was told that since the reservation was never cancelled on their system I was charged for one night plus taxes. Meaning the reservation fee of $103 was never credited to my account and the $2.84 I saw just charged was for taxes. And the accounting person told me she'll credit me $2.84 as courtesy?!?! For sure she had seen in the system I was charged for one night! I called accounting again and this time had to be angry at them to give me back my money. This 2nd accounting representative was also very rude. She hung up on me after she angrily said my account will be credited back. I had to call back to ask her to send me an email confirmation from her that my account will be credited back. They make you feel like you were trying to cheat them when infact they are trying to cheat you. Not even an apology from them. What a customer service! I'd NEVER even consider Stratosphere Hotel the next time we go to Vegas. To think we usually go there as a big group.