We stayed for one night at the Stratosphere on December 30, 2008 and checked in the morning on December 31, 2008. We met up with other family members after checking out, did the whole strip thing for New Years Eve until the early morning hours on January 1 then drove for home. Upon return home, we discovered that our credit card had been charged for a room on New Years Eve. Immediately calling the casino to request an explanation, we were met with the most unprofesssional behavior from hotel employees that I have ever had the misfortune to experience in my life. Apparently after we checked out, someone from the room either called the front desk or told security personnel-- (we were told different versions of how this security breach happened depending on which Stratosphere staffer we talked to)-- and claimed they were my boyfriend. This person said that "we" were too sick to leave and that "we had checked out accidently from the room television while ordering a movie." That alone should have alerted security to go check for identification from the room. It is inconceivable to me that the hotel did not check into this fairy tale a little further. Anyone with any kind of security experience should have been suspicious, especially since the hotel's own records showed that we had already checked out. The hotel did not check the room and ask for identification, they simply accepted the word of the person who was in the room and charged our credit card. I know I made sure that room was locked when I shut the door so I have my own suspicions. Regardless, the hotel should have asked for some kind of proof of who they were talking to on the phone. The hotel, simply stated, is now calling us liars. They are telling us that we have to PROVE that we stayed in another hotel on New Years Eve. This is absolutely ludicrous and an obvious case of identity theft and credit card fraud. The hotel has now now made their failures our problem. We ( and another family member who was also in Vegas) tried to speak with Michael Branch, Hotel Operations, and explain that the Stratosphere had a case of credit card fraud and identity theft that needed to be investigated. We requested that they check their security tapes that would show us leaving with my mother's car, with Colorado plates and handicapped placards. Mr. Branch stubbornly refuses to listen and states that the hotel tapes are erased after 24 hours. We explained to him that we had left the hotel, met up with other family members who were at Sam's Town and had gone to the strip to celebrate New Years. Mr. Branch said that he "personally spoken" with my boyfriend over the phone in the room and was told that we "too sick to leave the room." We told him that it was absolutely impossible because we were at the Venetian at the time that he spoke to someone in the room. We have no idea who they spoke to in the room, nor should we have to "prove" that we were at another hotel. Although we did not owe him any explanations, we offered the information of where we were for the next twelve hours, location by location and hour by hour. We also offered to give him the names of family members from Colorado and Nevada, who could give him an accounting of our whereabouts to no avail. Mr. Branch will not budge with his accusations. Mr. Branch obviously made a judgment error by not checking the room personally and asking for identification, especially in light of the fact that we had already checked out. The tall tale coming from the person who was in the room should have been suspect to anyone in the hotel business. Whoever was in the room was committing a crime which is the hotel's responsibility to handle. The Stratosphere is refusing to do so and stand by their judment that we are liars. Unbelievable. It all the years of traveling with my family, I have never experienced such unprofessional and rude behavior. I have never been accused of anything, nor have I had my integrity questioned by a hotel. In light of the fact that Vegas is having trouble filling hotel rooms, I would think that accusing guests would be frowned upon. We have no idea what happened in that hotel after we left, but Stratosphere employees need to be retrained in security procedures and hotel professionalism. They have an obvious scam going on in the hotel that needs to be investigated and not accuse hotel guests of being liars who have to prove their whereabouts upon leaving the hotel. If you do not like your integrity and honesty questioned, do not stay at the Stratosphere. If you do not want to have to prove your whereabouts to a casino after you check out, do not stay at the Stratosphere. If you do not like the idea that a hotel erases security tapes after 24 hours, do not stay at the Stratosphere. If you do not want to have to go through the whole identity theft and credit card fraud nightmare with financial institutions and law enforcement, do not stay at the Stratosphere. Other family members stayed at the Venetian, Sam's Town and the Golden Nugget and had absolutely no problems.