I regret that I cannot give you much of a review of the Stratosphere Hotel as we barely made it past the front desk. I can only comment on the poor service at check-in. In July I visited the Strat website and booked a king bed smoking room for 3 nights commencing Sept 11/08. This trip was planned well in advance from Canada, for an Anaheim, Las Vegas, Reno road trip. We spent 5 days at the HoJo in Anaheim.. lovely! For our first 3 days in Vegas we enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Excalibur. The staff at the Excalibur went out of their way to please us and by the time the comps were calculated, our stay was free. After checking out of the Excalibur we tried to check into the Stratosphere. We arrived at 3:30pm (check-in time is posted at 3:00pm). The first thing the clerk said was that she could upgrade us for an additional $15/night. I said I wasn't interested in the upgrade and just to give us the king smoking room we had booked. She then stated we had booked a non-smoking room, and that she had no smoking rooms available. I told her that I absolutely booked a smoking room but she didn't want to hear that. She said to come back in about 45 minutes and maybe she would have a smoking room available. We returned about 90 minutes later, but evidently they still had no room for us. The clerk said that the upgrade room she offered us happened to be a smoking room. She also stated it had an extra seating area and a fridge. We weren't interested in extra seating room, but a fridge would have been nice and because we didn't want to wait any longer we decided to take it. We went up to a dingy upgrade room that did not have a fridge! Back down to the clerk... Just give me a regular smoking room! Sorry... none available, come back in a couple of hours. My husband nearly went through the roof! After voicing our concerns to the manager, our first night deposit was credited back to my credit card and we drove straight back to the Excalibur where were spent the next 3 days being treated very well, and again our comps covered the room! Amazing what good customer service can do. We will never step foot in the Strat again. Upon our return home, I located the email from the Strat confirming my reservation. It clearly stated smoking room, so not only did they screw up the reservation, but the clerk had the gaul to insinuate that it was MY mistake, and then try to push a more expensive room on us with the promise of an amenity that it didn't have, all after making us wait forever for it!!!! THE NERVE!