In October of this past year, ( The 1st through the 5th ) we traveled to Vegas after two years of planning. We were under no delusion of coming back with any great winnings but went to see shows and shop. On arrival at the Stratosphere we were told that our room was not ready and to check our luggage in at the Bell Desk which we did. A total of 8 bags including a laptop in its own carry bag were checked with a ticket issued stating the correct number of bags. Hours later when we were told that our room was finally ready the bags were delivered by a Bell person and it did not include the laptop bag. When we told him it was missing he checked our ticket and his copy both showing eight bags. He became very nervous and flustered stating, are you sure you checked in eight bags? He counted the bags with us again checking the claim tickets and told us he would return to the Bell Desk to look for our bag. We received a call from him a few minutes later asking, Are you sure its not there? We reminded him that he had counted the bags with us and that together we had also checked the claim tickets. His response, well we dont have any laptop down here. This started a week long process of dealing with different levels of staff, security, administrative responses and after three days finally someone from risk management. An incident report was filled out the first day and when we asked if we needed to file a complaint with the police department the head of security told us, if you want but it wont do any good. During the week we were treated as criminals ourselves, put off, had promised return calls not made to us. On Thursday we finally received a call from their Risk Management Department stating that they had found that the hotel was negligent and we would receive a check for our property. She further stated that the check would be for $750 because that was all they were required to pay for lost property. This did not cover the cost of the laptop ($1,800) nor the programs in it. It barely covered the cost of the bag, wireless equipment, and medication stuffed in one section and lost transportation vouchers. The sent us the $750 dollar check with a statement on the back stating that endorsement of the check releases them from further liability. We have not cashed that check. Calls and letters to the resort have gone unanswered; calls, consumer report forms and letters to the State Attorneys Office have gone unanswered as well. Las Vegas attorneys have refused to get involved stating they would have to charge us more than it is worth to get our property replaced and fighting this in small claims would require more than the cost just in travel cost to come back to Vegas which is now a destination that we wouldnt recommend to anyone. Who do we talk to about this lack of accountability and response from everyone; resort staff to the government level when clearly there was an admission of negligence.