We visited Vegas in July 2007 as part of a two week trip around the South West and California which started and ended in Vegas, so we decided that for the first 2 nights we should stay somewhere well known and not too expensive. The Stratosphere is indeed very cheap (even cheaper once we complained) but the service and cleanliness of the hotel did nothing to inspire a second visit. I suppose it started on booking, I didn't receive an email confirmation although they money had been taken and I had a confirmation code, I'm easily panicked though so I attempted to contact the hotel but they don't seem to be a bit fan of email only phone (and I'm not a big fan of phoning the US from the UK). After taking over half an hour to check in (felt longer because we'd just got off a 10hr flight) we were told that there were no more Non-smoking rooms available and we would have to take a Smoking room, not great when both of us are asthmatics! Apparently it says in the hotels T&Cs that Non-Smoking rooms are not guaranteed and that this is the normal process (never had this before anywhere else!) Hotel room smelt of an ashtray, I'm sure even a Smoker would have protested, not even a heavy dose of airfreshner did the trick. My partner complained to the front desk and was told they'd put a purifier in there to help. They didn't... we did the typical British thing and gave up the complaining as it obviously wasn't working! We did however notice that the cleaner had not bothered to actually dust the room and obviously hadn't bothered for quite a while and so there were various surfaces we just didn't put things on for fear of disturbing the well settled dust. We did in the end complain on check out, although they weren't too bothered about our health reasons for not wanting a smoking room they seemed to be more worried about the dust...a discount was given thankfully and although it didn't spoil my first impressions of Vegas I won't be going back to this hotel there are far nicer ones actually on the strip like Bill's Gambling Hall! Feel free to email me if you need any more info on the Strat!