Me and husband were in Vegas for 4 days...I wanted to save a little on the Hotel since we were on a tight budget...and keep more money for the shows... So the Stratosphere were about 70$ less a night from others like MGM or TI...BAD decision... 1st its so far from the action you need to take a cab everytime you go out. The traffic is so bad you pay 16$ each way...and it so hot you can't walk really long, trust me we did the first day and were exausted after an hour...we spended a minimum of 30$ a day and sometimes more for cab so...do the calculation...stay closer to the TI or Paris... This is my review of the Stratosphere : Room: like a Holiday Inn (cheap one) ok clean not more... Restaurant : like a snack bar but expensive... Check in : no problem for us...except for the young man at the counter who asked my husband if he wanted to give me access to the room...(after asking me my name wich is different from my husband's because in Quebec we don't change our last name after getting married) let say it wasn't really polite...Hubby didn't appreciate the little tone and told the guy who appologized ... POOL: this was the most discusting thing I ever saw...the size of the pool is nice, the place also on the 8th floor but the water in the pool, oh my god...couldn't go in I was scared of catching cancer or something...weird object floading, brownish color, couldn't see the bottom of it... so I went to have a cold shower close to the pool (wich was nice) and then tryed to relax a little bit...but that was impossible also, music is so loud that the floor is vibrating. The Tower: didn't go..as a guest you can go for free between 10am and 2pm...we were never there between these hour and I didn't want to pay for something I thought was obvious I could do for free as a guest. The Casino : Dirty and lots of weird people... Budget rent a car: we rented a car on the second floor of the hotel at the Budget desk...cheap and the service was really good...It was good to get out of the city for the day. Check out : no problem, did it on the TV wich is nice . Yes they charge that 5$ I don't know what for... So the overall, pay 70$ more a night...you'll save on the cab and you'll get a much nicer hotel.