This year we want to experience a hotel at the other side from the Strip (we stayed in Luxor, MGM, Mandalay Bay) because it might be some more quiet. Checking in seems the be a very complicated action. I really don't know what kind of mysterious actions should be performed when people want to check in. Anyway it took a terrible amount of time. Of course you can't compare Stratosphere with Mandalay Bay but we didn't expect such a small room. Even a motel 6 room is bigger! The swimmingpool has a great location (6th or 8th floor) but it became a big disappointment. I really don't understand what's the company policy is to play the music so loud that it makes one sick. Is this a swimmingpool or a discotheque? Should quests as short as possible and swimm with earplugs? The night became also a nightmare. Although we stayed on the 23th floor the noise of a stupid train which crossed a road every 30 minutes was very clear. It seems to be a law in the States that trains crossing a road must claxon. This is a very irritating sounds which makes it very hard to sleep. The next day we would swop rooms to the other side of the building (Strip side) assuming that we could avoid he trainnoise. The frontdesk asked us to return at noon and placed us on the holdlist. So we did, but at noon no room available. We're asked to return later on the afternood. We did some shopping and returned at 6 PM and got our roomkeys for the 12th floor. This rooms was exact on the same side of the building with the small angle to the Stripside. This wouldn't solve the problem. In fact the problems increases because we were very close to big very noisy aircomachines places on the top of the roof. Again we've returned to the frontdesk and complained about this silly solution. They appoliged but couldn't do anything because the hotel was fully booked. So we decided to leave immidiately and check-out. But the nightmare wasn't still over. The frontdesk would charge us 20 USD for a late checkout! That wasn't our fault, if it was clear in the morning that we should get this room we should check-out at that time, but we didn't know because we're on the holdlist. After protesting the supervisor decided to skip the extra charges and we leave the building for ever.