Below is a list of why I will never stay here again: 1. Rude Concierge - I had to wait in a 30 minute long line that extended into the main casino to check in. When I asked the Concierge about the line she said, "Thats how it is at every hotel in Vegas. If you want to Check-In I suggest you stand in line." 2. Resort Fee?!?! - You have to pay a $20 "Resort Fee" at Check-In that they mention no where when you book the room. They basically wait till you've booked and paid for the room and slam it down your throat after you've already committed. 3. Misrepresentation/False Advertising - I booked the Stratosphere specifically because they advertised how impressive and huge their sportsbook was. When I arrived I found a 12 seat racebook with 9, count them, 9 seats reserved for VIPs. 4. No Room Safe - Vegas can be a dangerous place to carry cash and, until now, I have never had a room without a safe. Upon request I was told that some rooms have room safes and some do not. After requesting one, I was told they don't offer them. 5. Nickeled and Dimed - My wife is not a morning person, so I went down to their cafe to place a to-go order. They wanted to charge me a $1/item fee for my to-go order. Also, at all the betting locations, they require you to make minimum bets (of $20) to recieve free drink orders. 6. Unaccomidating Service - At night I requested two extra pillows, one for me and one for my wife. They informed me that their policy is one pillow per room per night. They suggested that I call back the next night for the second pillow!?!?!? 7. Solicitation - You can't even enter or exit this place without getting solicited by timeshare salesmen. I didn't plan a vacation to have to beat salesmen off with a stick. People were literally having to run from the timeshare peddlers on the second floor near the shops. Conclusion - The Stratosphere was a nightmarish experience. I will never stay there again. Note: I stand by this review. If you wish to contact me directly email me at gponto18@gmail.com. The Stratosphere absolutely ruined my vacation and I would not wish my experience on anyone.