Where shall I begin? I guess I will start from the beggining We stayed June 11 and June 12th 2006. What a dump! We didn't read reviews until AFTER our stay (huge mistake) although we did look on their website. After we parked in their lot we were very skeptical. The lot had questionable people lurking about. We checked on our car several times a day to make sure it was still there and undamaged (nothing happened). I was approached but a guy in front of the building asking for money. From that point on my husband insisted on always being with me. We went to check-in, and we didn't have to wait (probably because they had very few customers.) They were friendly at the front desk, and had no problem with check-in or out. It was a good thing that we didn't stay in the room long because they had only 5 channels on the T.V. When we were in the room most of the channels were news. Unlike some guests we did have plenty of hot water, but we had to stand in a couple inches of water while we took showers. However we were not told how to get to our room, nor when check-in or check-out was. The room smelled moldy, and could have used a good cleaning. We seen on their website that they offered a free breakfast, so we figured that that might make up a little for how bad the room and hotel was, so we returned to the front desk to ask about the free meal only to be told that they discontinued the free meal. I told them about reading this on their website and she told me she knew it was on their website, but that there wasn't anything she could do. The next day we decided to try their cafe. I soon understood why they discontinued the free meal because it must have been running off business. We seen 3 employees walking around and eating while they were working. They were not attentive to the customers at all. We ordered hamburgers, fries, and salad. The salad sat on the counter, and we had to ask them for it upon getting our burgers. The salad had flies all around it so it wasn't edible (at least not for me). My husband liked the greasy burger, but I couldn't stomach it. Credit or debit cards are not accepted, but then again they were probably afraid we would stop the payment once we tried to eat their food. And if all this wasn't enough they had a systems check at 7am. Someone got on the intercom to tell everyone that they were conducting a test on their fire alarm. It started blaring, and scared the heck out of us when the loud speaker came on. The sirens and the announcement went continuance for an hour. They kept saying it was only a test, and to ignore it. After an hour they said that concluded their test. About 15 minutes later the siren went off again ths time no one came on to let us know if it was real or not, so we just stayed in our room. The longer we stayed at this dive the madder we became. Other then these listed it was a good hotel (yeah right). If you stay at the place your jeopardizing your health and your sanity.