If I had known what I was getting into, I would have NEVER stayed here. I called myself finding a bargain because they offfer free breakfast and I would be saving money. The pics of the rooms are way too bright for what they really are! The hotel and casino is too dark for my taste. Some people may like that dark allyway feeling, but not me. After getting a bad impression from the casino, the elevators, the personnel, I was forced to go to my room because I had no extra money for another somewhere else...like on the strip for this trip. When I got to my room, it was dark, the carpet was stained, there were even stains on the walls! What the heck! I turned the TV on and discovered that the TV only carried 5 channels! Oh my goodness! So I go downstairs to see what the gambling was like. I found machine after machine that was broken! The people who wonder into the casino are mostly locals. Let's just say their a colorful bunch! The next morning I had a problem with the water drainage in the tub while trying to take a shower. House cleaning called someone to fix it, but it did the same thing for the duration of my stay! When I went down for breakfast, I got a good look at the 'diner'. It was missing a stool at the counter and they had yellow 'caution' tape tied all around it. I saw the same lady take orders, handle money, and get the orders to customers. Oh I didn't mention that she picked a couple of pieces of toast off the counter with tongs after they had fallen off the plate, and then proceeded to deliver the meal to a customer did I? Well she did! After seeing that, I could imagine what else goes on in the 'diner'. The floors in the diner were always dirty, leftover plates (plastic) were left on the counters and booth tables until someone cleaned them off. The entire experience was just not good. I couldn't wait to get home and stayed away from the place as much as I could. If you plan on staying here with plans of traveling to the strip, be prepared for the distance that separated you. Like I said....Never Again!