I"ve stayed at numerous Motel 6 locations in Arizona, New Mexico and California and they have all been immaculately clean. This Motel 6 was so disgusting and so vile that I have vowed to never, ever stay in any Motel 6 locations in Nevada- it has been so traumatising. First of all, my friend and I checked in and it was close to midnight. The staff seemed nice and polite but when we checked into our room, it was a different story. While I looked around the room to make sure everything was nice, I went into the bathroom and found to my horror, pubic hair stuck onto the toilet seat. And yes, there was still urine in the toilet bowl! When I called to complain, the front desk lady said that she couldn't do aynthing but send in housekeeping to clean the room. At 12:00 midnight?? Yeah right, lady. I argued with her some more, letting her know that even if the bathroom was clean, who's to say that the rest of the room was clean too? Finally, she relented and let us change rooms. We had to go back to the front desk, ask for the other keys and finally we checked into our second room. The second room wasn't bad, it smelled like smokes but we chose a smoking section so it was fine with us. The second night though was horrible. We got locked out of our rooms, had to go back to the front desk and was told lies about my cell phone interfering with the key, thus not making it work. What a lie! First of all, my cell phone was no where near the key since I kept the key in my pocket and my cell in my handbag. While the guy was telling us that lie, the horrible lady (the girl that didn't want to change our rooms) was laughing at us but because this was around 5 in the morning, but I was so tired that I just didn't want to argue with her. We finally were able to check in our room and tried to sleep but the skeezy neighbors next to us were drinkin' and chatting and the walls are so thin, you could hear almost every word they were saying. The morning crew was the only good thing about this motel. They were so sweet and kind, especially the guy who got our room checked out. But Motel 6 needs to do something about their people working the graveyard shift. With the money you're spending and for almost the same price, you can get far nicer rooms at Luxor, Monte Carlo or TI.