I was a guest at the Element by Westin. I checked in on Thursday, 10 June, and I am scheduled to check out on Monday, 14 June. We were staying there for our Anniversary trip. Our room was supposed to be pre-paid on 07 June in an amount of $467.04. On 12 June, we noticed that the charge for the room was not billed but an authorization for $722.80 was being held on the account. The authorization for $722.80 consisted of $467.04 for the room and $255.80 for incidentals. Here is the problem. The front desk manager told us that the Westin tried to bill our debit card on 07 June and the card declined. I know this is not true because I called my bank and the transaction never tried to come through and the funds were always there there anyway. I asked the front desk manager for a transaction number from the bank that was given from the alleged decline and she was unable to provide that transaction number. The other part of the problem is that the Westin alleges that since our debit card was declined on 07 June, they charged us a higher amount for incidentals. Usually, incidentals are $100 but when a card is declined this amount increases to $100 per day. This makes no sense because if the lesser amount, $467.04, was allegedly declined, then how can the Westin authorize the higher amount of $722.80? If the smaller amount was allegedly unavailable then the higher amount should have never been able to be authorized if, indeed, the funds were unavailable. The funds were always available. Also, if this policy is true this further makes no sense because if we were supposed to be charged a $100 per day incidental rate since the card allegedly declined, then why were incidentals authorized at $255.80 instead of $400 ($100 per day for 4 days, the length of my reservation). This is the bottom line, our debit card was authorized at a higher amount for incidentals since the room and tax amount allegedly declined. So, we were penalized for a decline that never happened. And, it appears that the Westin just pulled a figure for incidentals out of the sky since the higher/penalized incidental rate does not even match the rate in the Westin policy. The front desk manager told us there was nothing she could do since it was Saturday and she told us we could call the general manager. So, I called the general manager, David Smith, and talked to him about our concerns. David Smith was beyond terrible. He told me that he was not at the hotel, that he was in New York City and if the front desk manager said there was nothing she could do then nothing could be done. He proceeded to tell me that he would not do anything to address my concern and when I checked out everything would balance out. He told me that he would not make any calls to Westin at a higher level to see how this happened; he also proceeded to tell me that even if he was willing to make some calls nothing could be done today since it's Saturday. His unwillingness to even address my concern was appalling. Before I left the front desk, the front desk manager ended up calling higher level Westin and the authorization was released and she billed the debit card for the room and tax. Funny how she was able to do that when she and her general manager told me that nothing could be done. Technically, my issue was resolved but I am writing this review because of the horrible way David Smith talked to me on the phone. We could have taken our business anywhere, but we chose to come to the Westin. What a mistake !! Is this Westin policy? Does the Westin not train their management staff in customer service? My request was for the Westin to correct an error that they made and all I received was disrespect and lack of concern. I expected him to at least be willing to investigate the issue, but he told me he would not do anything. I don't work directly in customer service but I am expected to address the concerns of those who are impacted by what I do and the decisions I make. I try my best to be responsive and professional because that is my job and it's just common courtesy, This is a fairly new property and if the Westin continues to treat their customers this way they won't be around for long. At this point, we have no interest in ever staying at a Element by Westin property. We would much rather spend our money at a property where the management has a willingness to address concerns and/or operate in accordance with the policies and procedures of the organization. Perhaps that's why the customer service was so bad because there is no structure in the organization. We are so disappointed. We don't make a habit of paying people to disrespect us. Apparently a paying customer has little significance until a review like this is written. A very sad state.