I would like to be able to say wonderful things about this hotel, but I can't. We arrived at the hotel in February of 2011. It has taken me so long to write a review because it was an experience that I would rather forget. We are returning to Dallas this month for an event that we attend every year and I will never stay at this hotel again. Things started off with an inordinately long wait in line to check in. After 30 minutes, we finally approached the front desk and were pleasantly surprised by an offer to upgrade to a suite. Great service, I thought. After taking the very small elevator to our room, we unpacked and decided to go out to dinner. We used the car service to get to the restaurant, which was fine. Upon return to the hotel, we approached our room only to find the door frame in splinters. Our room had been burglarized. I can't tell you how afraid we were. We called the front desk to report it and were told that security would be on their way up. We also called the police. After waiting for about 15 minutes, a security person arrived, but did not seem to know what to do. We asked him if the hotel had any type of surveillance system, and we were told that it did not. A short time later, the police arrived, as did the hotel night manager. The police inventoried the losses in our room and provided us with a police file number. The police wanted to canvas other hotel guests to see if anyone heard anything unusual, BUT THE MANAGER ASKED THEM NOT TO SINCE HE DID NOT WANT TO ALARM THE OTHER GUESTS. Which said to me that he was not concerned about our experience at all. He told us that the hotel was sold out but that he could "probably find us a room in the hotel, but it would definitely not be a suite." It was very clear to us that we were not wanted in the hotel. He offered to relocate us to another hotel, which we gladly accepted. When we arrived at the other hotel, there were problems during check-in. Apparently the manager failed to provide the new hotel with information about our party. The hotel was unable to reach the manager at the Adolphus. I called from my cell phone, and was told that the manager had left for the evening. After a very short conversation with another Adolphus hotel employee, we were able to check in to the hotel. In short, my experience at this hotel was horrible, and was compounded by the way it was handled by hotel management. No apology was ever offered, and I felt like they were more interested in containing what happened to us that addressing our frightening experience.