I can only add my voice to the chorus of displeased (and rightly so) clients of the Adolphus. We were there Dec 10 and 31, 2011, for New Years Eve. Upon check in Friday evening, our bathroom only had 2 bath towels, 2 hand towels, 1 wash cloth, and no bath mat, no robes, one soap, no shampoo, etc. There were 2 glasses provided, no extras. On reading previous reviews where there were NO bath towels, etc, I guess we were actually lucky. On Saturday, we left our room at 11:30 and returned at 4:15. Our room had not yet been made up so we called housekeeping and asked that someone come as soon as possible to attend to this and were told that someone would come up "now." At close to 5:30, a housekeeping person arrived, but by that time, we were dressing for dinner at The French Room and asked that they come back after 6:00. We returned from dinner around 8:00 and the room was still not made up. I called housekeeping and asked if they could at least send up some glasses and some coffee for the morning, and was told, yes." No one ever showed up. We tried to watch a movie on the OnDemand channel, but the TV system wasn't working properly. The people we talked to--a front desk person and a handyman--both gave the excuse that it was a "new system," and they didn't know how to fix it. On both nights, we were unable to ignore the service elevator that ran continuously next to our room, #1811. At check out, I stood in line for 15-20 min (the lack of a "queue" system had hotel patrons being serviced in no particular order), and when I finally got up to the counter, the front desk attendant said she had to leave, would be back shortly, and promptly left. The 2 other front desk people continued to attend to other people who'd been waiting far less time than me. Finally,when my attendant didn't come back after several minutes, one of the other 2 people helped me so I could check out (a "thank you" to Edward). Considering the elite status of the hotel, we were dumbfounded at this poor service and lack of organization. Based on this experience I can not recommend this hotel to anyone. How unfortunate given the lovely historic atmosphere of the establishment. By the way, I did email a complaint to the hotel at the email address provided by them to register a complaint, and have not had any sort of response to it. Another demerit.