I'll add mine to the already growing list. The most amazing part about this "towel" problem though...It was going on for DAYS!!!! We arrived at 5pm. We had no bath towels, no hand towels, no rags, no robes, nothing. We also had a tiny bit of toilet paper. So I did what any normal person would do, call the front desk. They would take care of this "immediately." We left for the evening and returned about 11pm. Guess what? Nothing had been done. Not even the toilet paper. So I called and asked again. The man told me they were out of towels but that they would send me 2 robes. Really? He said he was getting a list together of people that needed them. He said he could also send us toilet paper. This never happened either. So by midnight I was walking around on our floor asking people for towels. Everyone was having a similar problem, but at least they had 1 or 2 towels. I went down to the front desk and noticed sticky notes of rooms that had no towels. They would write down my room number again each time, even though I said they already had it on that list. I was offered no solution, no compensation of any type, no explanation, no way to make things better. I was just told, along with others, that someone would be in tonight to wash towels and they would have them out by 6am. And no, that never happened either. A man working the actual wedding finally pulled me aside and said he would go around and find everything he could. So AFTER MIDNIGHT I got 2 robes, 1 bath towel, and 1 rag. Yes, and finally some toilet paper. It was amazing to me as a human being to see so many people unable to find a fix to a problem that had been happening for days. So let me see if I can give you some suggestions: 1 - Find 2 people, either front desk, butlers, bar workers, bus boys, whoever: GO WASH TOWELS, BRING THEM TO THE FRONT DESK IMMEDIATELY (DON'T HAVE TO FOLD THEM) - I know what these washers and dryers look like and how they work. They are not difficult to run (we have them in our athletic areas at school). 2 - If washers are down, take them to a washateria (sp?). You easily could have so many towels and rags back for customers by night time. 3 - Send someone (see above) to go BUY some towels. Walmart, Target, Dollar Stores, you name it. 4 - Call single-occupant rooms and see if possibly you could gather up a few. 5 - Give people compensation of some type. Free breakfast, drinks, money off night, free valet, something, anything. 6 - Don't just tell people what they want to hear. Tell them the real problems. Explain how you are going to fix them. People have to be problem-solvers. People have to take enough pride in their business to have to WANT to fix things. I saw so many people standing around that could have been working on some kind of fix to these problems. I will not ever recommend someone staying there. In fact, if someone says they are going to this area in Dallas, I will only recommend one thing, don't stay here. And by the way, a "We are so sorry about the problems you encountered. This was unacceptable" statement only works once. Eventually you have to stop making these types of mistakes to keep customers.