A group of friends and I booked 2 rooms for the weekend. Upon booking, we were told that we would be able to secure 2 rollaway beds, one for each room, to accommodate our party of 6 (no rooms with double beds were available). Upon check-in, we reminded the desk clerk about the rollaways and were told we could expect them in the rooms shortly. We had to switch rooms shortly after check-in due to not being in side-by-side rooms as requested upon booking. After switching, we reminded them again about the rollaways and again were told that they'd be up shortly. After returning from lunch and shopping later in the day, we still did not have rollaways in either room. We reminded them yet again - at this point we had asked for them 4 times - and once more were told they'd be in the room very soon. When we left for dinner and an evening out, we still had nothing in the room (and no phone calls explaining the delay). When we returned to the hotel at the end of the evening, we were told that there were no rollaways available in the entire hotel - they were all being used. The front desk clerk was unwilling to let us speak to management and claimed that the hotel was 100% booked and no additional rooms were available. When we went down to speak with her in person, 5 other gentlemen were in the lobby with the same problem - promised rollaway beds to accommodate their party, and now being told to sleep on the floor. The front desk clerk chose to stand in the middle of the lobby and shout at everyone, rather than stepping behind the desk like a staff member of a 4 star hotel and dealing with the numerous unhappy customers professionally. Furthermore, she informed us (again - there were 7-8 people down there at this point, all upset about not having rollaway beds) that we were all "out to screw her." When we finally spoke with management the next morning, they made excuses for the behavior of their employees and made absolutely no effort to correct their mistakes. At the ridiculous prices customers pay to stay in this hotel, in addition to the $24/day parking charge, the treatment we received was unnacceptable. We were paying for 4 star service and we absolutely did not get it - one of the gentlemen in the lobby commented that we may as well have stayed at a Motel 6, considering the way this hotel treats their customers. I will never stay here again. Side note - while I was waiting for 20 minutes for valet to retrieve my car, after they informed me that they couldn't find it, another unhappy couple came down requesting new bedding - because they found BLOOD on the blanket in their bed. While this ordeal was being sorted out, another couple came down to request another blanket after finding BLOOD on their bedding.