I have previous stayed at the Adolphus and I love the charm, location and service of the hotel, but my last visit left everything to be desired. I ran the Rock & Roll half marathon in Dallas last year and the Adolphus is a few blocks from the start line. Last year, the hotel was very accommodating with offers of late check-out and opening up breakfast (bagels, fruit, water, sports drinks, granola bars, etc.) for purchase very early. The staff was great and I've since stayed at the hotel for other occasions downtown. This year, I wanted to repeat the fantastic experience from last year and I was sorely disappointed. When I checked in, I asked about late check-out and was told that a large group was arriving, so I couldn't be accommodated. That would have been fine, but the group checking in next to me asked for a late check-out and was told "sure!" I inquired about breakfast offerings for race-goers and was told flatly, "Breakfast is served from 6:30 to 10." I told the guy checking me in that I wanted to know if the hotel would be offering the same set-up that was offered the year prior. He flatly replied, "Breakfast is served from 6:30 to 10." Then he handed me my key with no offer to get a bell hop to assist with my bags. While I don't mind carrying my own bags, having a bell hop carry your bags to your room is one of the services that the hotel offers and the friendly clerk checking in his group offered it as I was walking away. I had reserved and paid for a king sized room. When I got to my room, it had a double bed. These rooms are less expensive than the room I paid for, so I called the front desk to inquire about changing rooms. The same desk clerk who checked me in answered the phone, asked my room number a few times while he fumbled around, put me on hold, then came back on and asked for my room number again. The hotel has a system that displays the guest name and room number to the person who answers the phone (like most hotels of this caliber) so I'm not sure why I had to give the room number, my name and my issue more than once. Finally, after a great deal of silence, he said, "John will be up to your room in a minute." (Note, there was no apology for issuing me a different room than I had paid for.) When John got to my room, he was very nice- he carried my bags and made pleasant conversation, suggested less-crowded dinner options and made sure that I was happy with the new room. John (and everyone else I encountered after that) was great. I went to dinner with some fellow race-goers and when I came back, I noticed that a new crew was working the front desk. I called the front desk to ask about a late check-out and this time I was greeted by name and told immediately that my check-out had been extended until 1pm. I also had to call the front desk later to request an extra pillow and some silverware. Everyone was so nice, but that only made the first desk clerk that I dealt with seem all the more out of place. I wrote an email to the hotel explaining my frustrations with the first desk clerk, but praising the hotel for all of the other employees. I never heard anything back even though I had requested to be contacted and left a valid mailing address, phone number and e-mail. My room was almost $300 for a night in a city I live in, so I had high expectations of the level of service and unfortunately, one employee with a poor attitude ruined it for me. I don't know if I will stay in this hotel again. It's a charming hotel and most of the rooms are different. The beds are comfortable, although the tv in most rooms is far away from the bed. Room service is great and will meet all of your requests and service is usually prompt and extremely friendly. I am very disappointed, however, that my request for contact went unanswered, so I'm not sure that I would pay money to stay here again.