First of all the facility is top notch. The hotel has beautiful decor and a clean and spacious rooms. With its location it would seem to be the perfect hideaway in uptown. I booked our stay for late August to celebrate a 15th wedding anniversary. Just a quiet getaway from the family featuring a couples massage and a nice dinner. Simple enough you might think. I made my reservation over the phone and booked a room with a massage a hotel reservationist. Just a normal room and a massage, no problem. About halfway through the week I decided to move a bit more upscale on the room and went online to change the reservation. The reservationist failed to fill out the Mr. on the reservation on their system and the web form would not allow me to update the reservation without it, nor could I enter the required data. I called the hotel and was routed to an offsite service who had absolutely no clue on how to correct the reservation. (really now, isnt that their job?) the service suggested I call the hotel directly and ask to speak to an in house reservationist. I did so, and requested the upgrade. For some reason or another they could not change the reservation in the system, but had to cancel it and start over again. This in itself didnt seem to be an issue, after all it is just a room and a massage. After 20 minutes I was told the reservation was complete. We arrived on the Saturday afternoon and were impressed by the facility and the room. Strike One: At 5:00 we went down to have our massage. Immediately we knew there was an issue. They had no therapists. The hotel reservationist failed to recreate the massage appointment! The Spa manager was very professional, and finally traced the system and figured out what happened but could only offer us a rain check she knew we could never use. She did however attempt to bring staff in to perform the massage but was unsuccessful in finding two therapists. I believe she did whatever she could, but was also at a disadvantage from the beginning. Strike Two: We were quite disappointed with the end result and notified the manager on duty of the situation, and our dissatisfaction with the end result. He said he would look into it. We never heard back from him during our stay. Strike Three: A few weeks later I received a satisfaction survey where I expressed the issues and concerns. Nothing ever came of it. 10 days later I wrote directly to the management staff and again nothing. Back To The Dugout! While I imagine this is not a typical issue at the Stoneleigh, it does point to a greater issue of organizational and customer service arrogance. If I had never made a change to the reservation I would most likely have been fine. I realize issues happen, but the way management handle these issues is what turns an unhappy customer, into a repeat customer. In this case the management choice of inaction speaks volumes. Looking at this example I would never book the Stoneleigh for anything other than an overnight stay. If they cant get a basic reservation right then why would I trust them with anything more important?