I made a reservation at the Hotel Felix through Priceline and I'm not even going to stay at the hotel because the service, prior to my arrival, has been so terrible. Like others, I need a room with two beds. When I called the first time with my request for a room with two beds I was told that my request would be put in the system. I called again to arrange an early check-in, which costs $40 but I thought would be worth the money considering how early my flight arrives in Chicago. I was told that they couldn't guarentee an early check-in but, if I was able to get an early check-in, there was no way for them to know when I would be able to check-in. Thus, I could end up paying $40 for a 7am check-in or a 2pm check-in (regular check-in is at 3pm.) I decided to go without the early check-in but didn't want to get off the phone before I had confirmed that my room has two beds. When I asked they they told me there were no rooms with two beds available. I hung up the phone and got online to see if the hotel's website showed availability for a room with two beds. It did. I then called the hotel again, under the guise of booking a new reservation, to see if there were any rooms available with two beds. A room with two beds was available and they said they'd be happy to make a reservation for me. I then asked if I could just make sure my current reservation could be changed to a room with two beds, since there was availability, and they told me that was not possible. I volunteered to pay an extra fee per night for a room with two beds and I was also told that was not possible. It seemed pretty clear to me that if I was paying full price for the room they would have been happy to accomodate me but, since I booked my room through Priceline there was nothing they could do. I've used Priceline to book rooms all over the country and have never been treated like this. If they don't want people purchasing rooms through Priceline then they shouldn't sell rooms through Priceline. I'm so frustrated I've booked a room in a different hotel. I'm a fan of getting a deal but I'd rather be treated with respect. Of course, now I don't want to use Priceline to book a room in Chicago again because I might end up with Hotel Felix. I'd rather pay full price anywhere else than step one foot in their lobby.