Don't go here - the staff is rude and incompetent I wish I could write a positive review but this is probably the worst hotel I've ever been to. First off, I NEVER write reviews unless I can say something nice. But I've been pushed too far not to share this with others so they don't suffer. The hotel needs to seriously train all their staff since no one seems to know anything about their jobs. The front desk doesnt listen to the customer, and will give you attitude if you try to clarify things (to minimize errors). The end result, errors in your stay, from wake-up calls to service charges. The General Manager can best be described in his own words, "I don't know how to do that", "I'm not responsible for that", "I'm trying to help, but maybe it's your fault". WRONG, WRONG, WRONG. The general manager is IN CHARGE. Accounting. Wow! One person. No one else has authority. Or so Im told, but I know thats not true since Ive dealt with the hotel several times trying to fix billing errors from previous stays. Again, Im teaching them, since no one seems to know anything, or care. I've been charged incorrectly time, and time, again. My corporate partners also have had similar problems. Trying to get the charges fixed is another frustration that is compounded by even more errors. I wish this was a one-time thing, but between myself, and my co-workers, we've never seen anything like it. Time is money, and the time I've spent on the phone with the hotel trying to fix Hotel Felix's mistakes is ridiculous. Billing: No one there seems to have any idea how to do what hotels do every day. The one thing they DO have down pat is billing. They just don't seem to know how to bill CORRECTLY. Worse yet, they don't know how to reverse those charges, resulting in compounded billing errors. My travel expense report is now sooooooooooo confusing with all the hotels errors, I cant even figure it out! Calling the hotel and getting someone on the phone in accounting is at best - 1 in a 1000. Only one person can access accounts, and that person is never at their desk. If and when HE does try to correct the problem, he does it WRONG. There seems to be no one accountable for anything, and worse yet, only one person can do one job, with no backups. Finally, (the last straw) the hotel personnel ask ME to do their work in getting information to fix billing errors from the corporate credit card company. Of course the Mastercard company is clueless why Im calling them asking for information the MURCHANT normally (and easily) does every day, to reverse charges incorrectly applied. The rooms are small, and smell like cooking grease. The best thing I can say about hotel, is house cleaning does a nice job. Expect some smiles at the front desk, but also expect attitude. Not sure if that's a product of Chicago, or what, but the staff needs TRAINING.