We booked a multi family suite at the Embassy Suites in New Orleans from 2/10/12-2/12/12. On 2/11/12, we left the hotel to attend an event across town. We left the hotel at 4:13pm, according to the door key reader ran after our goods were stolen from our room. We were gone for 2-3 hours. While we were gone, someone used a guest key, made by an employee at the hotel, to enter our room and steal 2 e-readers, a mac book, a hp laptop, a digital camera, and jewelry. The jewelry was my mothers and included her grandmothers engagement ring! Irreplaceable items, to say the least. We immediately reported this to the staff who appeared uncaring and basically dismissed us. We contacted the police and I also contacted the Hilton Corporate office. The New Orleans P.D. was honest and understanding. They followed up with us the next day. At this same hotel on this same day, another multifamily room that was staying a few floors up, had electronics stolen from their room also. Both rooms were located close to stairways. We were told that this type of thing rarely happens before we talked to the other family that had items stolen. We by chance found this other family in passing. When our items were stolen, the manager at the hotel that night was very unkind and uncaring. He dismissed us and refused, at first, to contact anyone higher than him in management. We suggested the police be called so that we could report the stolen goods. This was not recommended by the hotel security or administration but we insisted and eventually contacted them ourselves. Hotel security did not follow proper procedure when our items were reported stolen. We found out the next day that they were supposed to run a key reader to determine the time of entries into our rooms immediately. This was not completed until the next day! When this was ran by the head of security, it documented that there were 2 entries into our room during times we were across town and had receipts to prove our whereabouts. Although we had met with the General Manager and Security Director the next morning with the other family and had some hope that action would be taken, it appears the Embassy Suites Company and Hilton let this matter fall between the cracks and do not want to take any responsibility. We received a letter a month later stating that they were not claiming fault in the matter because we did not utilize the safe or leave our valuables with hotel staff. When I emailed them back and explained that there was not a safe and I would not feel safe leaving the items with the front desk clerk that gave a complete stranger a key to our room, the security team that allowed our room to be broken into, or the office manager who was uncaring and blaming. The response we received was that Hilton was further looking into the manner. It is now 5 months later and Hiltons Embassy Suites has not claimed any responsibility in this manner. It is with this in mind that I recommend you do not stay at this hotel.