My friends and I went to NOLA for the Sugar Bowl. We arrived on the 31st and departed on the 3rd. Upon arriving at the hotel it looked very nice and the people were very friendly. When we walked into our room, we were shocked at the condition. Everything was ragged. It was clean, but that is where the good review ended. The TV went in and out and when we called (twice) they said they would fix it, but they never did. On the moring of the Sugar Bowl there was no hot water in fact there was no hot water until that night, after the Sugar Bowl was over. There were three of us in the room (which we paid extra for,) but we were only given 2 towels. We requested towels; they never came. We finally found a cart in the hallway and got towels off of it. They also did not removed the dirty towels after we requested that they do so. The dirty towels were not removed until the 2nd of January ( I guess they figured that since they were not planning on providing hot water there was no need to provide towels.) Breakfast each day was wonderful and the service people were very friendly and helpful. One of the resons the Embassy Suites was choosen was due to the on site parking however, when we started to leave we discovered that the car had been moved to an off site location and it did take about 30 minutes to get it to the hotel. Other people waiting said that they had been waiting for over an hour. As we left the dining area there was a lady complaining that her room had no water at all (she was in the shower when the water cut off with shampoo in her hair; she had taken a cold shower the day before.) As we were talking with her and her husband, a manager came over and apologized for the problems saying that it was due to Katrina, a recurring theme throughout our stay. Every time we called the front desk with a complaint it was blamed on Katrina. While I feel bad for the people of New Orleans that Katrina hit them, it has been 3 years and other places are back up and running and New Orleans has commercials saying they are back. I feel that the city should not advertise that they are back unless they really are back. Embassy Suites is certainly not ready to be back!