The only reason that I stayed in the hotel for 2 nights is because it was already paid for. It was nearly 90-95 degrees in our room and I was told that there was nothing to be done about it because the entire hotel is on one system and it was working as hard as it could to keep everyone cool. Most of the stay it was actually cooler outside than in the room. The vents were blowing air, however it was not cold air. They gave me the lame excuse that they were in the middle of a bizarre heat wave and that is why the air conditioner could not keep up. To bad for them, I am from the area and my husband and I like to visit the French Quarter often. There is no difference in the current heat to that of the years passed. Also, please note all of the previous review entries and their complaints of the heat, along with management's comments that they have so called "fixed" or "addressed" the problem. It is a LIE. The front desk staff was rude, actually telling me at some point to please stop calling the front desk because the temperature could not be fixed. Not once did they offer me a better room, a discount, free parking, a coupon, or anything for that matter. Not even so much as a fan was made available, even after I requested one, I was told that they did not provide fans. When I called the front desk and asked them to call a cab for me for 7:30 p.m. for a dinner reservation, or to provide a contact number so that I could do so myself, I was told that it was to hard to get a cab on Saturday night and that if I still needed one I could walk the 2 blocks to Decatur Street and "attempt to hail one myself." We get much better treatment at the Quality Inn on O'Keefe, for $40 less a night, and a working air conditioner, which is where we usually stay. Upon check out, I was not asked how my stay was, if we enjoyed our trip, etc., NOTHING, I was simply told what amount was due for our room and told that I could walk across the street and ask for my car because the "radio batteries were dead" and the grumpy old man at the desk was not allowed to leave post. After all this, please know that I am 6 1/2 mths pregnant and this was my husband and I's last trip together before baby. Thanks to the Chateau for ruining it, and not even making some attempt to make things right.