I've stayed at this hotel on and off over the last 20 years. It used to be an average/cheap place with a great location, a little quirky, but it seems times have changed, and not for the better at Chateau. The last time we stayed here (April 2011) there were too many things that disappointed us. Some of these things could be overlooked, but all together made for a not great experience. 1) They advertised free Wifi - but sadly, the wifi was unusable, had to go to local coffee shop to do business. 2) Parking is expensive and right across the street - which would be fine if the desk guy would radio for your car for you. He said he would, but 20 min later, no car came. We walked across the street and told the valet guys which car was ours and they drove it 12 feet to us - they said the desk guy doesn't know how to use the radio and that happens all the time. 3) They assigned us the loudest, smallest room (115 right across from the office) - this could happen to anyone, someone has to stay there I guess. 4) Room dirty, wallpaper peeling, broken mirror, towels not exactly white. 5) We left 4 items of clothing in the closet and remembered when we got home (the same day). We called and they said they found the clothes and told us to send them a check for $12 so they could mail the clothes to us. We did right away. 3 weeks later we received a beat up box of clothes that were not ours. I called and explained to the desk guy who told me to call the next day, i did, then he told me to call on Thursday, which i did. He then told me that they didn't have our clothes. (???) What the heck is going on at this place? They didn't offer to refund the shipping $ we sent to get our stuff back either. 6) If you're still reading, this is the worst of all. This hotel still uses metal keys, which is fine, except: My husband went back to our room to grab a beverage, he opened the door... only to realize that he was in the wrong room. Mistakenly he entered the room next to ours, using our key. So are all the keys the same? Huge security problem for me. Pros: Courtyard very pretty, unheated pool nice, great location, breakfast is nice (IF you get the hang tag for your door, which we only got half of the time). The woman who brings the breakfast is very nice.