We arrived to New Orleans after a long flight after making a phone reservation directly with the hotel sales manager who told us that the rooms are available from 11 am. Since we arrived at 9am we left our luggage at the desk and went for a stroll round the city. We returned at 11:30 only to be told that only one room is ready. "Lovely rooms away from the main building" are situated in a small shack (if you're lucky you'll get a window) and with paper thin walls (we had very quiet neighbours, yet we heard everything they did). After waiting for several hours we finally got our second room round 2:30 pm with no apology from the concierge. The best experience came later that night. We went to sleep roun midnight only to be awaken by the phone call round 2:30am. there was nobody on the phone so we thought it was a prank. however, a minute later there was a bang on the door - bell boy was waiting on the street in front of our room. We couldn't beleive that the hotel would wake us up at 2:30 in the morning. I call the reception and again without an apology I was explained that the thermometer for all 4 "lovely room" was convenietly located above my bed and that it needed fine tuning at this hour. Cherry on the cake was what came out of bell boy's mouth after he heard we were unlocking the door to let him in: Hurry up man, it's raining!. Next day we were angry at the concierge - again no apologies. However after screaming at him we got different room for the second night. Since we took a tourist trip to the swamps, we came late that day (5pm) and were accused by the concierge that we were getting back to him for what they did to us the first day - we had to take our stuff to the other room and they were expecting us to do so at 11 am (!) so that they could rent our "lovely" rooms to some other poor plonker. That was not all, We booked the rooms under my card but as we were checking out we used my friend's card because we were told that they hadn't actually charged my card. You can imagin that when I came back home and checked my account, my credit card was charged. Phoning them back I was told that the manager had to leave the city for an emergency and that she is the only one who deals with the money. I was refunded only one week later. All in all, try to avoid this "institution". If you have to stay however ask for the rooms in the main building and pay with cash!