We made our plans more than a year in advance, eagerly awaiting the perfect New Orleans experience. A deposit for half was required up front and billed to our charge card as a check in date for 2002. This should have been my first indication of something not quite up to standards. The second portion of the three day stay was due in full BEFORE arrival. We later learned our charge card was double billed. Instead of being in one of the rooms pictured on the web site or the brochure, we were in the attic, a 3rd floor walk up...no bellman, no working elevator. I am physically disabled and this was quite a struggle. The air conditioner, a window unit, was not working. The room was musty, moldy, and filthy. The bed ruffle torn and hanging, walls cracked, and the bathroom smelled of urine. We were traveling with two other couples and tried to be pleasant and make the best of the situation. The front desk claimed to have no other rooms available, although all doors on the second floor were open and rooms appeared empty. We went out while they attempted to repair the air conditioner. When we returned after allowing ample time for cooling down time, we were locked out of the hotel, which means the guests were also locked in! We had to wait for the front desk clerk to come to let us in like small children. I awoke in the morning struggling to breathe and discovered an inch of dust and mold and mildew behind the beds. The shower head was broken and flooded the bathroom floor and soaked any clothing hanging in the room. All of this was again reported to the front desk and a clean up was requested or a room change. Upon return from an afternoon venture, the a/c was broken again, the room was still dirty and dusty and no other rooms were available. The font desk clerk was quite snippy. When we chose to leave because I was now too ill to stay any longer, I was told we would have to pay for the entire time because we had a contract. My doctor had already told me I needed to be in a hospital emergency room when sheSt. turned out to be the place to stay. Clean, convenient, great service, all of the amenities. And they didn't take my money until after I stayed there. We have been billed twice for three days for a room that only a one night stay gave me a pulmonary infection. I would not recommend this place to anyone.