From what I could tell by the web site, The Columns Hotel appeared to be a quite, pleasing place. A place one might like to sit on the porch and watch the world go by. In fact, it is a pleasing place architecturally, but quite it is not. My fiance surprised me with stay at the Columns Hotel with the hopes that we would be able to relax and unwind. During check-in, the beauty of the interior blew me away. The same went for our room. After getting settled in we took a couple of minutes to freshen up and then headed out in search of food. When we returned, the "quite Columns Hotel" had turned into an out of control party. One thing that they don't tell you when you make your reservation or when you check in, is that the bar in the Columns Hotel has been voted one of the best bars in New Orleans for young people - this was evident! The other thing they forgot to inform us about was that there was a wedding the weekend we were there, and our room was the only one not part of it. According Jacque (owner of the Columns Hotel), weddings are a regular occurance. We went directly to our room and laid down (in our room above the bar). Within seconds, the water bottle on the table started moving to the music downstairs. Sleep was going to be impossible. I went down stairs and talked to a very nice gentleman at the front desk, I believe his name was Bo. I told him how we came to the Columns to have a quite relaxing weekend - and this is anything but. He tried to find us another room, but no such luck. After a couple of minutes of discussion, we found another hotel, and Bo said that he would take care of the situation and make sure we weren't charged for the room. We felt this fair since we were "sold" this room under false pretenses. We left, disappointed that we didn't get to stay at the Columns, but were pleased that the situation was handled the way it was. That was until we got our Visa bill. There it was on our bill, a charge for the Columns. In fact the charge was never taken care of as promised. We made several calls to the Columns Hotel and spoke with managers at the front desk. All of them said the matter would be taken care of. Months went by, more calls were made. Nothing. Enough was enough; we wanted to talk to Jacque. We left messages with the front desk, and again, nothing. Jacque couldn't even return a phone call. Again we called and left a message. This time we told the person at the front desk that if Jacque didn't return our calls, we would report him to the Better Business Bureau. (Not sure what the BBB would have done, but Jacque returned our call none-the-less). Jacque told me that there was nothing he could do since we had signed an agreement when we checked in. I agreed with him that we did sign it, but only because we were told we were going to have a quite and relaxing weekend. What really irritated me was Jacque saying that none of the managers that we had talked with had the authority to make such a decision, which was, we could check out and our card would not be charged Where does this issue stand today? Pretty much in the same place. Last week Jacque promised that he would call me back after talking with his partner, to see if there was anything he could do. And yet again, there's been no returned phone call. And, our card still hasn't been credited as promised. So, if you're looking for a nice relaxing place to stay in New Orleans and are considering the Columns Hotel, ask them when you call to make a reservation, "is there a wedding this weekend or any parties we should know about?" You might be surprised; the Columns Hotels is not what it appears.