Oceans Seven Hotel, Istanbul, July 10-15, 2011 We choose this hotel based on the positive reviews but we were sorely disappointed. Our first night we were in a tiny room on the top floor. Before dawn we were awakened by loud noises coming from above our room, as if furniture was being dragged across or thrown on the floor above us. The next day we complained and we were glad to be given another room on the floor below, which was quieter. The room was also slightly larger, but still extremely cramped and poorly designed: we had to keep one suit case on top of the refrigerator (which was itself in terrible shape). There was no chest of drawers and we were barely able to unpack during our 5-day stay. The electrical outlets were hidden behind a closet that we had to move to get access to plug in laptops and phones; the curtains were see through so that light came in early in the morning; the bedding was poor quality. For the first day and a half we could not get on-line; management advised us to use the connection of the hotel across the street and gave us its access code. Eventually they corrected the problem but the connection remained slow and erratic. Hotel "services" in general were unreliable and unprofessional. According to a sign posted in the lobby (and as repeated to us orally by management) breakfast is served on the terrace from 7.30 to 10 a.m. but when we arrived one day at 9.45 all the breakfast items had been put away. When we questioned the attendant there she first told us we were too late. When we pointed out the time on a clock she grudgingly put a few of the items back. When we later complained to the management we were told that they must have just "forgotten" about us. The following day we were awaked at 8.30 am with a phone call from the hotel and told that our breakfast was ready. We had not requested a wake up call and did not appreciate being awakened. By this point we realized this is a very amateurish operation and we needed to explain to them that we did not want to be called in the morning unless we asked to be. Nevertheless they called again the next morning at 9.30 to tell us that breakfast would be over in half an hour. However, on our last morning when we did ask for a wake up call so as to be sure to catch our taxi to the airport, we received none. Luckily we had set our own alarms. On another occasion we returned to our room late at night to find that (apparently when the room was made up) the air conditioner had been turned and left on and the room was freezing; the window had also been opened and left open, which we did not realize until the morning, after the resulting street noise had disrupted our sleep. Most of the staff was friendly and clearly trying to be helpful; they just seemed completely clueless about what running a hotel means and what travelers need. Their English was also generally poor to non-existent; at one point they called over an employee from the hotel across the street to provide basic information (the location of a pharmacy). The location is very convenient; it's in the heart of Sultahnamet and near all the historical sites. There is a view of the blue mosque from one end of the terrace. There is some street noise which can be somewhat controlled by closing the windows. Contrary to the hotel description, there is no bar or restaurant at the hotel, nor is there an elevator; there is an affiliated restaurant on another street around the corner.