after reading all the great reviews, i was so excited to stay here, and then absolutely shocked by what happened to me at this hotel -- the condition of the room and how the management treated me. this is an AWFUL AWFUL HOTEL RUN BY AN AWFUL AWFUL PERSON. i booked 4 nights here, and the staff was overly kind upon my arrival. unfortunately i was placed in the top floor room which has an intense amount of water damage to the ceiling and walls, from rainwater leaking through the roof apparently. water was streaming from the light fixture as well as cracks in the bathroom ceiling. and the room is clearly regularly maintained this way (there are cracks and stains all over the ceiling, dried water rings inside the glass light fixture, and the bottom of it was completely melted/exploded out -- NOT SAFE). water drips on you from the ceiling while showering as well as standing to use the toilet. the room was consumed by an OVERPOWERING presence of mold and mildew -- both in visible patches (see photos) as well as spores in the air to the point that sleeping in the room will make you ill -- i spent one night coughing and woke up exhausted with headaches and a sore throat. i have an allergy to mold/mildew (who doesn't?) and this was not just a smell -- it was an overpowering presence in the room. as a side note, but all very secondary to what follows in this review, there is lots of noise from the street and the rest of the hotel, the curtains are see through and dont block light, the hotel wifi doesnt work & they told me just to pirate someone else's network from nearby, and the phone was sitting on top of a cabinet in the high corner of a room on a surface that had never been dusted. also, there are no "do not disturb" signs to use, so plan on being disturbed. HORRIFYING PART OF THE STORY: the next morning i went to explain to the staff that i had to leave because the mold & mildew was making me sick, and i didnt feel comfortable showering under water streaming from a light fixture. (the other light fixture in the bathroom looked homemade with exposed wires & sitting on top of a hole cut out in the cabinet -- but this one wouldnt even turn on). i explained that i was happy to pay for the night i had already stayed, but that i had to move to a different hotel. the first person i spoke with was quite shy and kind, but clearly not top level management. once the person who appeared to be the "boss" arrived -- he admitted that the room has water damage and mold because its on the top floor -- but proceeded to tell me that they "sell this room all the time and no one ever complains". which a.) flat out can't be true due to the room's condition, and b.) is irrelevant. he continued to say how my complaint was untrue, that it was not making me sick, that i was lying and if i didnt like the room, i should just say so... when i tried to explain my discomfort and the condition of the room (VERY CALMLY and POLITELY like a professional and sane human being), the man behind the counter started saying "shut up shut up shut up" the whole time i was talking, not listening to a word. i honestly thought i misunderstood, so i asked him if that's really what he was saying. he started cursing at me telling me to "take your [expletive] bags and get the [expletive] out of my hotel!", etc. i was so shocked and stunned that i got upset and started trying to defend myself (while he continued to be so verbally violent, aggressive, and mean), and the man STOOD UP, LEANED OVER THE COUNTER, RAISED HIS HAND LIKE HE WAS ABOUT TO SLAP ME IN THE FACE, AND CONTINUED CURSING AT ME AND THREATENING TO HIT ME IF I DIDNT STOP TALKING. the other staff member there was trying to stop him, saying "no no" but clearly he was afraid of this man, and was afraid to even say anything or do anything substantial. having just arrived in a very foreign country, i was extremely shaken by this and told the man i would be calling the police and also reporting this incident on all the online review sites. he was so smug the entire time saying "call the police, do it, i dont care" and cursing -- knowing that a tourist has no recourse or protection really -- what can you do? i live in NYC and the NYPD would certainly laugh at a call like this, they have things like murders and car accidents to deal with. so i took my things and left immediately, and went to the hotel next door to see if they could offer a suggestion of a place i could complain. they suggested the tourist police, but i decided it was best just to get out of the situation and not make things worse by further antagonizing the crazy man from Ocean's 7, or involving police in an unfamiliar country. this review is in no way exaggerated. unfortunately this shocking experience is 100% accurate. on my way out of my room i did see other rooms with their doors open on different floors, and they appeared not to have the same problems my room had. so maybe you will be lucky.  just know that if you are unlucky, that you may be physically in danger if you complain (no matter how polite or professional you try to be). most of the staff was overly overly friendly, but i know now they are only like that when it makes them extra money. if you happen to need REAL customer service (like when something goes wrong, or if it involves the hotel losing money, rather than making extra) -- you might get slapped. literally. AND after all this... he charged my credit card. please don't patronize an establishment that operates in this way.