We stayed twice at this hotel, first time in July and second time this week end and we won't come back. In July we noticed that the service was poor and not at the level of the 5 stars hotel. But the hotel was beautiful and well situated, so we decided to come back. Actually, we had several problems in July and even more this week end( October). In July we stayed at 13th floor and the water was awfully cold all the time, it was impossible to take a shower, I'm not even talking about the bath. The water in the swimming pool was cold too, but when it is hot, it's not such a big problem. The room service took 3 hours. Once we could not enter the swimming pool floor because of the so called private party, we just did not understand why we cannot use the amenities we pay for. As it wAs indicated by someone, there are a lot of strange girls in the lobbies ( we even thought they were prostitutes because of their outfit). But we lved the design of the hotel and it's situation not far from the sea and far from las ramblas. So, we come back in October. As for the first time we came with a little dog of two kilos. It is important to highlight that in July we did not have any problem because of the dog. At the same time they charge the dog's stay 50 euros a day, so, normally there should not be any problems. But this time, while having our breakfast the second day of our stay, we were aggressively told to go out to eat on the terrass with our dog (the first day nobody told us nothing). When I told the manager, that we are staying for the second time and the previous time we could eat with our dog, he said that it was a mistake (a mistake which lasted 4 days however). And he also told me in a very aggressive manner that I should be happy that they accept my dog. He probably forgot that it costed 50 euros (It's the first hotel where we were obliged to pay a supplement for the dog ). I would not bother you with details, I just want to conclude that this is not a dog friendly hotel, not a 5 star hotel and I certainly chose somewhere else to stay in Barcelona NeXT Time.