I booked this hotel through Southwest when I booked my airline tickets and rental car. First thing I did after booking was read the reviews on Trip Advisor. Of course you get some good & some bad so I was open minded to find out for myself...Big Mistake!!! I'm a very easy spirited person & not a picky bone in my body, besides we only needed a place to sleep. The place didn't look bad when we pulled up (My younger Sis & Mother), neither did the front counter. The only thing noticed was the super strong smell of Chlorine in the dirty pool (as per my mother) but we weren't planning on swimming so no big deal. The guy (Amid?) can't remember his name, was very courteous. He asked us to wait one moment while he went to check the room. He came back & handed us the key. I felt all was well. However, as soon as you opened the door (Room 108) you immediately smelled the mold. As you walked in the room, you could see it EVERYWHERE!!! No joke. We turned around & told Amid we couldn't stay in that room. My chest as well as my Sister's was hurting from breathing in that strong odor. He told us he had one more room upstairs (Room 224) so we took the key & gave it another try. No mold but it smelled of Alcohol and urine (as my mother put it) and the bathroom pure urine. The smell was Horrible. At this point we were DONE!!! We went back and told him we are leaving. He apologized and gave us a cancellation # but said we would have to call to get our refund. It was late (close to 11pm) so he offered us the room for free stating that we would not be able to find a room anywhere else for the night. We declined! Not even for FREE!!! That's how Terrible the rooms were. We drove a few minutes down the street & stayed at Orlando Vista Hotel. What a BIG difference with less than $25 more per night. My advice: Spend the extra $ to ensure your safety as well as your health. A good night's sleep is priceless...in our case, just a few dollars more. Please, of all the reviews you read, Do not go to this Hotel. You WILL be sorry. Take care & May God Bless!!!