I dont understand some of these reviews. Maybe we had the worst room in the entire hotel, but it sounds like they were on an entirely different property. I often check the reviews on TripAdvisor and now strongly feel you should check how active a reviewer is on here. If they have just one review, be careful, I fear these may be paid, friends of the owners, or employees bumping the property up. Two friends and I planned a quick weekend to the Universal parks a week prior, so we did not do a lot of research ahead of time on where we would be staying. We only needed two things; a room to sleep at night and a shuttle that took us back and forth to the parks. Upon arriving at the hotel we notice a large amount of people just milling about, I assumed they might be waiting for the shuttles also. The lobby picture on this site is not true to reality, doctored or taken right after remodeling (as is the picture of the front of the building.) We had arrived around noon, so we were early for check-in. The front desk clerk was very polite and accommodating. He said our room wasnt ready but would do his best to get us in a room quickly; the lobby was full of people just hanging out so there was nowhere to stand let alone sit. We only needed to wait about 20 minutes. The first problem we had was the shuttle. We booked through Expedia and on their site they had that this location offered free shuttles to and from the park. What needs to be noted is that this shuttle leaves once and returns only once-no back and forth throughout the day. The shuttle to Universal leaves at 9:05 am, the park opens at 8am so you automatically loose an hour. The returning shuttle pick up is at 7:15, the park closes at 10 so there you lose over 2.5 hours! If this was posted anywhere on this site or theirs we would have changed before we arrived, this was an essential part of our trip since we had no rental car. At this point we had already missed it and would need a cab to take us to the park- $40 from this location (we did use one, as youll read.) If you pay $80 a day to get back and forth using a cab you should just pay to stay at a nicer hotel that has around the clock shuttles. We were given our room cards and told we had the room right around the corner in front of the pool. The first thing that hit us as we opened the door was the smell; it smelled as if the man (who said he just cleaned up the room when we were in the lobby) had sprayed an entire can of Lysol. I could hardly breathe, and soon found why they had to spray. The entire ceiling is dotted with mold. The bathroom I can understand, and a little mold in a humid climate I can understand, but this was a lot. And while walking across the room I found the carpet was wet and squishy by the bathroom. I dont understand how the previous reviewers are ok with this? I dont want to stay in a room (even a very cheap one) that I will be breathing in this all night. And the reviews that say its a very clean hotel?! There was trash by the lobby door, wrappers by our room door and our room would not be described as clean (maybe the false sense of clean by the strong antiseptic smell?!) We even witnessed a woman doing what is best described as bathing her child in the pool right in front of our door (washcloth and all.) Another problem was the lack of security; we had a large window across the front that faced to pool, while we were in the room people were walking by just looking in. We closed the curtains but the condition of the door lock didnt offer us any comfort. We quickly debated if it were worth asking for a different room opposed to moving hotels and agreed that if this is the room the clerk referred to us as a great room with beautiful pool views, we wouldnt be happy with any. We quickly arranged for another place closer to the parks (this one was at least a half hour drive away) and returned to the lobby. The man at the desk was very nice about it and was pleasant through checkout. In the end we still had to pay for the room and our new hotel rooms, but it was worth it NOT to stay at the Red Roof Inn Kissimmee. I guess, in the end, you get what you pay for. Hopefully some of my photos will be posted.