Just run. Stay anywhere else--the Mariott on Market, Loews, the Bellevue, the Double Tree. It'll cost more, but it'll be worth your sanity. Two colleagues and I had to stay here forr three nights because it was what out employer would pay for. The staff was very nice, but even the most wonderful, accommodating people could not ameliorate the situation. People stay here because it's very cheap--you probably can't stay anywhere else in Philly for under $70. It is next door to a homeless men's shelter (and yes, they will say things to you and approach you), but it is across from a police station. We are from NY and are used to urban areas. However, we don't like to slum it, which is what we had to do at the Travelodge. Our rooms were tiny--no big deal, as we weren't going to be I our rooms often. But We didn't have any exterior windows. Our windows featured security glass, like the mind seen in prisons, and had lovely views of the hallway. You can hear everything through the paper thin walls--the beeping elevator buttons, the conversation in the next room, the sounds from the room above. My remote control's back panel was missing, so I had to use it upside down. My blanket had holes in it, and whenever I turned on the shower, the wall/pipes rattled loudly. The continental breakfast consisted of cold cereal, bagels, muffins, and hot beverages. Every day we stopped down for coffee, I noticed one yogurt (and only one yogurt) out for the taking. Odd. The low cost attracts normal, unsuspecting travelers but it attracts some class-less people, too. I was awoken at 4:04 am when I heard a guy pounding violently on his buddy's door, screaming that he was in dire need of a cheeseburger. It seems that many of the guests at the Travelodge enjoy standing in the hallway and yelling conversations to their friends at odd times of the day. On the last night I was there, I awoke with three bug bites I did not have when I went to sleep... I appreciate that this hotel fulfills a need for the budget traveler, but my advice is to avoid this place at all costs. Do you like getting more than five hours' sleep? Don't stay at the Travelodge. Do you like catcalls from the homeless? Don't stay at the Travelodge. Do you like getting a bargain, and then realizing that you've actually been duped into overpaying for the most horrible, uncomfortable stay you've ever had? Don't stay at the Travelodge!