So I spent the last few days traveling and sleeping on my friend's air mattress. It was horrible and my back was sore and I decided that today my boyfriend and I should splurge and get a really nice room. The Arizona Biltmore looks really nice in the pictures on their website, but it was about the worst disaster I've ever had in any hotel. My boyfriend and I get into our room. It was a nonsmoking room with a balcony that you were allowed to go out and smoke on. We were super tired from driving and went outside to smoke cigarettes and sit down. This psycho lady two floors up from us screams down - and i kid you not- ARE YOU SMOKING? um, yes. we're allowed to. NO YOU'RE NOT. STOP. NOW. um.... no? So I went inside to call the front desk because I was afraid that maybe we misunderstood and it was a fully nonsmoking hotel. They said it was fine to smoke on the balconies. (I found out later that they actually sell cigars in the front lobby - it was a pretty smoker-friendly hotel). So we go back outside to try and finish out cigarettes, and this absolute lunatic of a woman starts screaming at us again: ARE YOU SMOKING AGAIN. yes, we called the front desk and they said we're allowed to. WELL I JUST CALLED THE FRONT DESK TOO AND THEY SAID YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO. um, i'm not sure what to tell you. we called and you're allowed to. NO YOU'RE NOT. I HAVE A BABY UP HERE. STOP SMOKING RIGHT NOW. can we please not have a screaming match in this nice hotel? STOP SMOKING! (mind you, i would never smoke next to a baby. but her room was two floors up from us with a sliding door to close off, and there were several other people on their balconies that were also smoking. they were also kind of staring at us). So i called security, and he had to verify with the MOD about the smoking policy, and i'm getting pretty frazzed because we seriously walked in and had this psycho lady start screaming at us, and I think the room cost about $300, and I really just wanted to sit down and relax. Security went and talked to the crazy people, but then we were basically asked if we wanted to just move rooms. While this is going on, the lady upstairs dumps water over her balcony onto our table outside, with my boyfriend's wallet, cigarettes and lighter. We move rooms, and then head to the bar to get a drink. I sit down and start reading some of the material that they gave me when I checked in, and see, to my absolute horror, that we've gotten this letter saying that the water is going to be turned off from 10 pm to 5 am for the two days that we were staying here. Like, if you want to brush your teeth you need to use the $8 Fiji water in the mini bar. ARE YOU KIDDING? No one said anything about there not being water in the room while we were booking the room or checking in, it was in this super secret envelope that they slipped to you with a bunch of other stuff when we checked in. Back to the front desk to try and move to a room that maybe has water so i can have the luxurious amenity of a SHOWER. they moved our room and gave us a discount, but the verdict on the room that we're in now: IT TOTALLY BLOWS. It's a "suite" which is a code word for a gigantic room with very little furniture in it. There's a bed and a couch and chairs, and this HUGE empty space in the middle of the room. The bathtub sucks and the water doesn't get hot enough. The room seems really dated and old, just with new sheets and towels, but the wallpaper is kind of peeling and the fixtures for everything are all really old looking. so my verdict on the whole hotel: the grounds are very beautiful. everything else is lame. stay somewhere else. And to the crazy lady upstairs: DUDE. CALM DOWN. You need to seriously take a valium or something. I hope that tomorrow people are super mean to you all day long and scream at you and make you feel awful.