This place is THE WORST! What a shame what Astoria has done to the Biltmore. A beautiful property with lovely architecture, but the worst rooms, service and dirty on top of it! Not to knock another hotel, but this was barely one step above a motel 6! I was a bit skeptical after reading the many negative online reviews but really wanted to see the property and stay in what I thought was a piece of Arizona history. The hotel is in a lovely area of Phoenix and the grounds are magnificent. Because of reading many less than positive reviews I wanted to check out a few rooms before I chose one. I had booked through American Express Fine Hotel program so expected something special. Wow, what a disappointment! Steve at the front desk was very nice, efficient and professional and gave me several choices of room options. A very nice security guard took me around to show me the rooms he had selected for me to see. One was shabbier than the next! I finally chose a room in the concierge section Ocotillo I believe they call it. It has a lounge, which was very nice with food and drink service and that was very nice. The room was THE PITS! Shabby furniture, tiny bathroom, skimpy towels, poor bath amenities and looked dirty. The bathrooms have been remodeled I was told. Wow, they need to send their CEO to stay in a room and test it out. The shower didnt even have a place to put your shampoo! The toilet area was so small you practically had to go in sideways. No first class AT ALL. The furniture was chipped, fingerprints and stains and very skimpy amenities. A robe, but no slippers! Cheap pads and pens and no bottled water included. There was NO turn down service, none! And this was the concierge building! Amazing that they are still in business. The bed was uncomfortable and the lines less than first class. Mind you the room rate was over $300 a night so I expected first class everything. Even the fan in the bathroom was the cheapest possible and noisy! The improved (so I was told) Internet did not work; fortunately I had an air card on my laptop. The property is beautiful, very spread out and poor signage to direct you around. I do have to say the food in the restaurants was excellent; however again, the service was hit or miss. Every day I had breakfast in the caf and there was no salt and pepper on the table and had to ask for it each time. The service was not at all 5 star. All in all, I would say this was the low point of my visit to Phoenix and I had such high hopes, a real disappointment! Also, watch your bill, they add on a resort charge for nothing and charge for self-parking in a cramped far away lot, amazing that they are still in business! My advice, stay in one of the many wonderful resorts in the area and not at the Biltmore!!