Arrived at noon from Boston, MA, and did not expect that the room would be ready but asked anyway. I was told it was being cleaned, and would get a call when it was ready. Checked back at 2pm, 3pm and still told not ready because the hotel was full. At 4:10pm I went to the desk again, was told that since I am guaranteed a room by 4pm, they may have to give me a different room. I asked them to call the housekeeper and the room was, in fact, ready. On making the reservation months ago, I had asked for a refrigerator since my mother is diabetic. I was told that would be no problem. When asking about this, I was told to take beer, etc., out of the wet-bar, put them in a drawer and replace them upon leaving. Others colleagues were told to do the same. The clincher was when I had to sit in the West Foyer for four hours to direct delegates to the auxiliary registration desk. After about an hour, my feet started severely itching. I looked down and had bug bites all over my feet up to where my slack line ended due to sitting down. Two days later I went to the Concierge to report this since my ankles were still red and swollen, and they notified Security. I met with Security who took a report and gave me some itch-medicated pads and told me that I could pursue this further. Once home, I sent a fax to the hotel, and the matter was eventually turned over to Security Risk Services in California who sent out questionnaires to some of my colleagues who were witnesses to the fact that I was bitten. I received a copy of one stating that there were either bugs in the upholstery or rugs and that the hotel is dirty and musty. In fact, the West Foyer smells like a sewer and the Main Foyer like a cow pasteur. I received a response similar to the person bitten by bedbugs that no evidence was found to substantiate my claim. In summary, with all the feral cats running around on the property, the hotel can continue to "brush things under the rug" but, eventually the truth/fleas will surface.