Let me start off by saying that I have stayed at the Four Seasons Troon, Fairmont Princess, JW Camelback Inn, Montelucia, and now the Biltmore. The Biltmore is definitely last on my list. First off $28 resort which does not cover parking. Parking is $27 valet and $12 self park, so pretty much ridiculous! Additionally the fee doesn't cover much which is why I have no idea why they charge a resort fee. Besides internet services, the other options are pretty much included within the STANDARD room rate at the other resorts. And yes while the others may charge a resort fees, PARKING was included. The hotel is old and I stayed in the Ocatilla tower which suppose to be the newer section. If that's new, then I sure hate to see the old. While decent, they can't compare to the competition I stated aboved. Turn down service was awful, whereas they don't service your room just give you towels. No clean up or NOTHING. They were suppose to run bath water if you request it, never happened. Don't get wrong not running bath water is not gonna ruin my trip, just don't offer it if you aren't gong to actually do it. This is suppose to be included when you stay in this tower because again you pay more $$$$ to stay in the Ocatilla. One person though who was awesome is Jazmin with the Ocatilla Conceirge, she was very nice and extremely helpful. The Ocatilla pool is suppose to private and only for club guest. Pretty much open to anyone, so again why bother paying extra for this tower if the rules aren't enforced. The cabana rental I must say were nice if you do it during the week when they are half priced. Othwerwise, don't waist your money because you are paying double when the cabana is really only worth the mid-week price. Everything is pretty much really expensive at the resort which is to be expected, but the nickel and diming for what you get in the OLD hotel is why I would not recommend it to others. If I have to be nickel and dimed, then I'd rather stay at a newer resort with better amenities! There is no way I would pay regular price when housekeeping isn't up to part, $28 resorts fees, plus parking which is a mile away, rooms are very dated, and the daily activities they offer all hae fees attached! Forget it. Save your money and stay at the Phoenician or the others I listed. Lastly, the staff was very nice but that is to be expected for what you pay and they are just as nice at the other resorts. So again, Biltmore just doesn't cut it with the competition and for what they are charge. You can save yourself the headache and some money by staying a newer and nicer resort where they appreciate your business, and provide a GOOD expereince for what you pay.