We were allocated this hotel as apart of a travel package with WWE Wrestling. Since we were staying in the USA for about 3 weeks, we thought we'd arrive at the Biltmore a couple days early. I have been here approximately 28 hours, and this is my review so far - it will take something magical to change. I will preface this by saying the landscaping and gardens are beautiful; but thats where the beauty stops. For starters, at check-in, there was no friendly greeting and an early check in was "sighed" at, due to the inconvenience, despite 4 other people checking in early before us. They initially did not give us directions to our room, no map of the "resort" and no information regarding the breakfast. When we arrived at our room, their "standard" room we've come to learn, we realised our room was far from the quality expected of a 5 star resort. there were wet patches from steam cleaning (still damp today); no coffee making facilities (I thought even 2-3 star hotels had this); modern LCD tv but the rest of the room has not been updated in over 10 years. You could not even bathe two toddlers in the bath it is so small. There is no WiFi in the rooms, only a frayed ethernet cable which I refuse to plug into my $2000 laptop. Our next revelation came when we found out the only bus service is the hotel shuttle which takes you to the only near by "mall" - a few restaurants and shops but nothing to write home about. Had to walk an additional 2 miles to buy bottled water at a CVS since the hotel wishes to charge $US8 a bottle. Due to the hotel having 2 conventions on and the wrestling fans arriving, no rental cars are available on site, so we are now on a waiting list in case one is available today otherwise have to wait till tomorrow. That will mean that 2 days accommodation and stay in Phoenix have been wasted doing nothing. Any attractions are a $US25-50 one way taxi fare away. Upon approaching the duty manager and multiple different concierge for assistance, we have been laughed at; looked down upon and not offered any advice or assistance. We have stayed at multiple 5 star hotels that the concierge teams go above and beyond to assist their guests - apparently at the Biltmore, unless you are a rich golfer or doctor, you're not a worthy, respected guest. I really dislike this hotel. They need to learn customer service; we've met one nice bellboy and that is it. I would never dream of coming back here, even if they paid me $US300+ a night to stay here.