Diamond award stay. Booked standard double queen room and was upgraded to Ocatilla. Nice big room with big bathroom, pool view, so far we are impressed. Saturday afternoon pool was PACKED, but we were still able to find seats at the bar and lounges. No problem with towels. Bar menu was good, nice Greek salad, drinks were reasonably priced for a resort. Service at the bar was fine, a chef came out and did a salsa demonstration and gave samples to all who wanted. It was part of the Biltmore's 80th birthday celebration. So far so good..... right? .....not. Two teens we brought were VERY unimpressed witht he water slide and complained of bordom for the entire stay. The dive in movie that was promised and the kids were looking forward to didn't happen. As happy hour rolled around we went to use our key to get into the executive lounge (that is supposed to come with the Ocatilla upgrade) and lo and behold, it won't work. So I make a call to the front desk and was told since we recieved the room upgrade we were not entitled to the executive lounge too. BS! I went to the front desk and had a chat with the supervisor and was given new keys and access to the lounge. We had a glass or two of wine and a few snacks (all accurately described above) and headed back to the pool area for a light dinner. We didn't feel like getting gussied up for the fancy restaurant. Apparently we showed up about 20 minutes before closing time (8PM on a Saturday night!) and the waiter took 15 minutes in an almost empty place (only one other table occupied) to even come offer drinks. We ordered some chicken wings and salads and sandwiches which took another 25 minutes to arrive at our table. The wings were completely burnt to a crisp. My daughter and her boyfriend, both veteran fine dining establishment employees, were agast at both the quality of the food and the service. After a complaint to the server, the wings were taken off the bill, but too little too late. We were offered free dessert too but know better about ordering more food from a kitchen after complaining. You never know what you are going to get Forest. The resort is absolutely beautiful, the grounds, the views, the art and the history are impressive to us as 17 year Arizona residents. Don't waste your money staying or dining there. Maybe it was a skeleton summer crew in Phoenix and the service may be better there in the "season". I'll never go back. If you want to see the place and have a drink at Wrights bar, walk about the property for a few hours, you can get a feel for the place it used to be. Its nothing like that anymore. Very very dissappointing after all the hype.