Date of stay: November 16-19, 2008 My family arrived at the hotel for a conference during the dates listed above. When we arrived, we decided not to valet our car and parked in the self-parking lot. We knew that it would be a long walk, but the self parking lot was a good 10-15 minute walk from our hotel room. At night the lot was extremely dark and confusing to manage due to the odd layout of the hotel. Most concerning was the lack of security in the parking lot. The lot was merely an open, first come, first serve lot which overnight guests had to share with temporary visitors. There is no way that the hotel could discern who parked there. Despite the safety and distance issues, the hotel still charged $10.00 for self-parking. Once we arrived, we were upgraded to a cottage room but little did we know that would be a mistake. When we arrived the cottage room was decidely underwhelming for a room of that cost. The room was small and badly renovated. The bath was smaller than expected for this "caliber of hotel." The heating did not work (deserts can be cold at night) and the hot water ran out after 10 minutes. Ten minutes is fine for one person but not for a family. The check-in attendant (upon upgrading our room) stated that we had a semi-private room overlooking the main part of the grounds. Well, if semi-private means hearing the honeymoon couple next door and all the drunken noises from the bar, then the attendant was right. The windows are very old, which means there is no double glazing to keep in heat and keep out sound. There was no view of the grounds because the hedges are grown so that you can't see anything while sitting on the patio furniture. You have to stand up to see anything. (I noticed this problem with a lot of the cottages.) The reason the hedges are grown high is because many of the "amenities" are right next to cottage rooms. The chess and putt-putt amenities touted are immediately next to the cottage rooms. This means that when little Johnny misses his putting shot, it's coming into your room. Houseekeping was pretty decent but made weird choices. One day we were given washcloths. The next day the cloths were removed and replaced by a bath mat. The mat was then removed as well. One day during our trip, we decided to drop the kids off at the "kids korral" touted as a baby sitting option. When we arrived, we noticed that the entrance to the "korral" could only be reached by the back access road for commerical deliveries. The playground was also dierctly accross the "korral" separated by the construction access road. Avoiding the truck was a pain, however more disconcerting was the back door to the "korral" (room) was open to the access road with no direct supervision. The "korral" attendant was seated immediately outside of the "korral" room. However, one precocous child trying to get to the playground through a construction access area equals disaster. Oh, and I forgot to mention that the basketball court next to the playground was open with lots of power construction tools plugged in and laying around. The hotel's costs are usually arbitrary. The chocolate cookie charged in the Cafe was $5. The same cookie at the pool was $3.50. We used the bottled water in our room listed for $6. When we checked out the same water was $7.99. The miniscule amunts for the food paled in comparison to the overpriced food. Both the Cafe and restaraunt were wildy overpriced for the quality. Also, the cafe did not serve lost of "child-friendly " breakfast foods , so we were forced to order takeout from the restaruant. When we ordered oatmeal to go, it was given to us in a starbucks coffee cup. The last day of our stay was the last straw. Our family got up early to pack for our trip home. I'm glad that we did because the head housekeeper opened the door to our room at 8:50 am to inquire when we were leaving (despite the hotel's policy of a 12 noon checkout time ). Besides being completely unprofessional entering our room without permission, the housekeeper actually gave us attitude for not leaving earlier! No apologies, just attitude. On the way out of the property we saw several contractors from the Hotel condo construction project fishing in the aqueduct near the property. These contractors were actually taking up self-parking spots for the clientele for fishing. It seems that management has focused so much time on obtaining conferences and selling condos that they have forgotten the basics of customer service.