To attach the esteemed Waldorf-Astoria Biltmore tag to this supposed resort and spa is shameful. My husband and I spent 5 days there for a conference he was attending (Sept. 9-14, 2008). Even though his company was paying for it and money wasnt coming out of our pockets, we were still disgusted. The first nights hotel room was large, but the bathroom had a weird layout with a shower stall showing age, mold, and cracks in molding. The carpet stains were disgusting and plentiful-yuck. There was a huge, very noticeable tear in the desk lamp. The decorative pillow was scungy and old with fabric balls all over it. The biggest surprise for me was the scorpion that crawled out from under the bed across the floor to the window drapes while I was alone in the room!!!!! Nowhere in the literature do they mention watch out for scorpions. The front desk wasnt fazed. The maint. man who came to remove it wasnt fazed. When my husband called the front desk after hearing about my ordeal, he got the sarcastic reply from Mark Lambert, well, we ARE in a desert. No, were at the BILTMORE and not camping on the desert floor. BTW Mark should not be in a customer facing jobhes way too arrogant. They compd us the room and we moved to cottage K, which they said they sprayed for bugs/scorpions. Cottage is about 90 yrs old and shows it. Dingy. No safety runner or handles in the marble floored, small, dark shower stall  what a safety hazard and lawsuit waiting to happen. Dark lighting everywhere. Dead bugs lying in the ceiling light covers. (hey, but no scorpions, arent we lucky!) A/C that barely spit out cold air, except after 9pm at night. No storage space for clothing. 1 of 3 small drawers was dedicated to mini bar liquor and snacks (overpriced) and the fridge was loaded with beverages and boozeno room for a water bottle. One restaurant was closed for remodeling and the Wright restaurant had a severly limited menu of choices that were overpriced. We went out a few nights just to get decent food choices. The Starbucks Caf was another place to get food, but you paid dearly for items, such as coffee and bagel with cream cheese, and options limited. I know were on a resort but do we have to feel like prisoners? Give us food choices, vending machines and soda machines too for heavens sake. This place is sooooo overpriced and not worth the $200/night. The one day the housekeeper left our patio door WIDE open. Thank God our computer and valuables werent stolen! I went to the salon to get a champagne pedicure, $80. It was nothing special nor what youd expect from a famous resort and spa. Very average service. I get more at my local salons, even a mimosa or glass of cheap champagne  nothing at the Biltmore spa though  just some iced tea. They may think the name will make people shell out tons of cash, but theyre wrong. Weve been to the nicest places here and abroad and to the not so nice places, so we come with some experiences and knowledge. The AZ Biltmore is a loserdont bother staying there. Sure the grounds are lovely and many staff members are great, but you need more than those two pluses for the price.