I was disappointed with this hotel from the second I walked onto the property, then things progressed from bad to horrible. First, check-in was excruciatingly slow and though the reception employee was pleasant, she didn't seem to know what she was doing. I'd say we waited a full 10 minutes before she found us a room. When she showed us where the room was on a map, it looked really far away. When I asked for one closer, she said none was available, but she said that to compensate for the distance, she had given up one of the special, luxury rooms. She whispered that this room goes for $1,000.00 a night - HA! - what a joke that turned out to be. We had to walk outside to get to the room - as it did not connect with the main building. It was over 100 degrees outside and no bell hops were available to help us with our numerous suitcases. We were both sweating by the time - 15-20 minutes later - we got to the room. And the room was a joke - tiny, with poor decor. There was no way it was worth 1K per night let only $100. So, we trudged back to the reception desk, and I explained our dissatisfaction, esp. with the distance - and lo and behold - a room was suddenly available. It was still a bit of a walk, but manageable. The nightmare started on the second day when we discovered - very late at night - that our closet was flooded. All our clothes - those on the shelves and on the hangers were soaked. This was at midnight. The manager said he'd send someone to pick up our clothes and get them dried. I explained that my husband didn't have any clothes left at all since all of his had been in the closet. When we got our laundry back, several items were missing. I advised the front desk, and then a manager, who said he'd follow up and get back to me within 30 minutes. An hour later, I went to the front desk to see him, and he was chatting and joking with an employee. He hadn't even begun to do anything. I checked back another hour later, and he said he didn't know what had happened, but that he'd have the laundry manager call us in the morning. He explained that the manager got in at 6a.m. I advised him to NOT call our room before 9am. I even wrote a note to this effect to leave with the laundry manager. Well, guess what, we were awakened at 6:00 am. I was so furious. He had not found our clothes - he called just to tell me that they were still missing. In the end, our clothes were not recovered, and with no explanation as to why. On top of all this, everything was ridiculously overpriced. A can (not even a bottle) of Coke was $3.50., a stick of deodorant was $8.00. Room service was extortionate and the food at the deli and restaurant (another restaurant was closed for the duration of our stay) was mediocre at best. The service at the bar was very slow. The staff generally seemed inexperienced. The worst was the billing. Our bill at check-out was twice what it should have been. We had to delay our departure getting that settled. Much worse than that, many others in our group found excess, unexplained charges on their credit card bill - a dozen reported they were billed for additional amounts as recenlty as last week - almost 5 months after our stay! So, overall - one of the worst hotel stays I've ever had. I would not go there again if it were free!