Please believe what some others have said- this is a terrible hotel. I chose to go here mostly because of reputation, so I ignored other people's bad experience. There is no way this place is even close to a 5-star property!! Let's start at the beginning- 1- I spent extra money to book a room with a mountain or garden view, & was to be credited $50/day towards food/booze. I was really looking forward to eating at Wright's, and relaxing at the swim-up bar 2- We checked in, and were told valet parking is $21/day, or we can self-park for $7. We chose self-parking, and I wouldn't have minded paying the $7 if the parking was right near my room- it was not. It was a few blocks away, which is a good hike in this heat. 3- We checked in around 7:30 pm, and the first room they gave us had no windows, no view, no patio and the A/C didn't work. They moved us to a similar room that at least had a sliding glass door and working A/C, but still no "garden" or mountain view- I had a view of the back of some shrubs. (By the way, we stayed in the "cottages"- my husband said it felt more like a cave). 4- The carpet was stained, some of the tiles in the bathroom were broken and cracked. The bed was obviously too hard because they put a pillow-top on it, which kept sliding off the side of the bed, with me on it. I had a terrible night's sleep, and the TV doesn't even have HBO! 5- The pools- this was probably the worst part of our stay. The pools were filthy- I mean, really nasty. The water was green and cloudy and greasy-looking. It was so hot I went in anyway. As I was swimming I pulled my hand out of the water, and there were long black hairs wrapped around it (NOT MINE!!) 6- The service at the pool bar was rude. My husband ordered a Michelob Ultra, and the girl who took his order disappeared for about 4-5 minutes, then came back and said" Umm, we are out of a lot of things. They have Michelob Ultra at the bar inside. I suppose I could go get one for you if you really want me to." What kind of 5-star service is this??? For the $6 they charge for a beer, did she want ME to go get it myself?? 7- Went to make reservations for dinner at Wright's and found out it was closed for renovations. Of course, this is not posted on their website, and I was not informed of this when I checked in. I could go on and on, and I will tell everyone I know to NEVER stay here. What a waste of money and time. I could've stayed at the Phoenician or the Four Seasons or any true luxury resort for the money I wasted here.