We left the Biltmore early the service was beyond bad. My children and I wanted a mini vacation so we booked a room for a week 6/24-7/1. The room (399. a night) was lovely a kitchen and living area with a hug bathroom and king size bed over looking the golf course. The problems started with the maid service after having no cream for my coffee on our first morning I wrote a note with tip for the maid to leave cream. I received only two packages of cream. The whole week I was without shampoo and Toilet paper at times and forever out of cream for my coffee. Nothing was being restocked in my room. The mantence department was called every day water coming from dishwasher to toilet over flow. The Spa employees are inexsperienced I had the worst massage ever.They made a big deal about my teenagers having a massage without me in the room even though they had on bathing suit's which ruined my daughter b-day since she chosed not to have a spa day.( We have booked her into a kids spa at our local resort back home.)My teenagers where with me when I booked the spa day their is no mistake they are under 18 no one told us the parent present rule nor 24 hour cancilation. I would have had to spend all day in the spa with my kids. My kids would be the first one from the room if some one started touching them threw there bathing suits they have had massages since they were 9 yrs old at kids spa in resorts all over the world. The next was the room service, 22% service charge means you get a tray put on the table and the waiter leaves for you to set up. No glass or ice for the soda's and the pizza where always under cooked. The food was terrible the Wright dining room was closed so we went to the Grill. the food was like it was reheated and dried out and small portions. The service at the pool was hit or miss. Twice they plain forgot to place our order just like the Cafe we ate at once. I called the manager twice and no responce my husband called from our home and got right threw. The manager called me and offered a free night I declined I just wanted to leave. He offered a VIP treatment where someone comes after the maid to make sure you have everything you need like shampoo or TP. I asked why do I have to join a travel club to get special treatment. I'm not asking for special treatment just what I paid for. The staff needs to learn to great people and work on service. I will not go back I travel to resort all over the world and this is the worst service and food I have ever had. It seems from the reviews that if you are not their for a convention the exsperience is poor.