This is an illegal hotel as this place is actually a single room occupancy (SRO) building for permanent residents who are mostly poor people (rent: $200-$500/month). The owner of the building has been using emptying tactics (such as cutting the gas supply, threats of eviction, renting rooms to persons out of jail or mental hospital which led to shady stories and by that I mean the worst) so that those permanent residents leave the building (they often end up homeless) in order to use it as an hotel and make a greater profit than they can from the low-income tenants (30 times the rent per room depending on the room as we were paying $200/night). I know that because I met one the few tenants left in that building after an incident involving a huge cockroach who told me all about her 20-year-struggle to keep her room. I felt pretty bad participating in that evil plan to put poor people on the streets so that a greedy and cold-blooded landlord makes big bucks. This building is also unsanitary as there should be one person per room, but as they put as many tourists as they can in each room the shared bathroom is beyond filthy (not mention the staff is not really good at cleaning, if they actually clean). It also constitutes a real disturbance for the tenants whose privacy is invaded and lifestyle disturb by the constant presence of tourists. My friends and I had a room with a private bathroom (which was still not very clean). There were stains on our sheets (changed every 3 days) and on the towels. We also had cockroaches in our bedroom (I even found one on my bed). There could also be fire and security hazards anytime as the outlets are not properly sealed to the wall and as its a SRO building, it doesnt comply with the fire code for commercial hotels. The paint on the wall was peeling off (and they never vacuumed it). I am also posting some pictures so that you can see the room. The staff is also very unhelpful and kind of shady and we could not trust them at all to resolve any kind of issues. It seemed you have to fight with them to get things done, and of course, whatever the problem is, they will never apologize. Undeniably the poorest customer service I have ever experienced. One of my friends lost her mobile phone in the lobby. When she asked the receptionist for it, he said they found it and that she will get it back. But then, they never gave it back to her because they apparently gave it to someone else. Go figure it out One night, we could not take it anymore (the night I found the cockroach on my bed) so we argued with the receptionist until almost 1 a.m. to be moved to a decent hotel. Again, we ended up in illegal hotels owned by the same person who has 4 other buildings (we stayed at Marrakech hotel and Portland Square hotel). We found hair in the bathroom and stains on the sheets but overall it was better and cleaner, and we made sure we wouldn't have to pay for it. I still felt really bad to stay again in an illegal hotel but as we paid ahead we could not do anything about it. This is the short version of the story, but it was my first time in NYC, and Royal Park Hotel ruined a big part of my trip. This practice seems to be really common in NYC and a bill to put an end to illegal was passed last summer. Hotels in NYC are really expensive and next time I will go there I will rent a room or an apartment from New-Yorkers. There are plenty of ads on http://newyork.craigslist.org/vac/. I know some people say they had a good experience because they have renovated a couple of floors. But that's no excuse to book a room there. This is still an ILLEGAL HOTEL and TENANTS ARE THROWN ON THE STREET!!!