View is gorgeous. Gardens are lovely. Pool is small. Rooms are redone aged motel. Beds are good quality. Culture of the staff is that it is incumbent upon the customer to tell them what they need when there is a problem and not incumbent upon the staff to initiate or be energetic/enthusiastic about solving the problems. And the problems I experienced were EGREGIOUS: the floors were dirty, found a long black hair on my pillow, the showerheads were not adjustable and spewed strong water horizontally across the shower, three piles of dog poop on the lawn outside our room went unpicked up for a day, the closet smelled moldy (the only place to hang the designer dress I'd bought for the wedding I was to attend!), the pricey ocean-"view" room did face the ocean but could not be seen from inside due to the small high windows AND the stairway that was adjacent to the windows (everyone upstairs walked up and down these stairs looking directly into my room!), and FINALLY THE WORST: when donning the bathrobe in the morning to head to the pool, I found an unwashed pack of used matches in the pocket: THE BATHROBE HAD BEEN WORN BEFORE AND NOT WASHED FOR MY STAY!!!! ICK. The staff responded to this extremely casually, did wash the robe and return it to my room, but NEVER offered to compensate me in any way. When talking with the manager the following Tuesday (first chance to catch him and I had to initiate the call even after an email to him delineating the problems!), he also was extremely casual, never offered to comp a night or offer me a free future night (traditional hotelier solutions), but went on at length about how he agreed with the items that were problems and how he'd fixed them or would fix them. NEVER ONE WORD about me the customer, about fixing my negative experience with him. When I finally said something about how cavalier they are and that any other hotel would offer me a comped night, he became extremely passive-aggressive and said that had I asked him for this at the outset, he would have comped me a night, in fact he would have comped me the whole weekend AND given me a future stay for free; but now that I was a bad customer (what?! I listened to him drag on for 20 minutes about his hotel!), he would not do a thing for me and in fact advised me that I was banned from his hotel. ROTLFMAO. Like I would EVER return! I then advised him that this was the problem with the staff culture at the hotel: they think it's incumbent upon the customer to pay them AND to advise them how to perform. I advised him that in the hotel industry it is, in fact, incumbent upon the hotelier to serve the customer who is paying them. So if you stay here be sure to 1. bring up every problem you have immediately with the staff when you discover it and have them fix it asap and maybe comp you a night if you have the seriously disgusting problems I had and 2. be sure to never indict the staff for their laissez faire attitude and responses or you'll get blamed for being an inadequate customer.