Don't Stay Here! We were married at the Mark Hopkins 25 years ago and came back to stay over New Year's thinking it would be a special way to celebrate. We booked our hotel through their on line web site with a package that included breakfast. We were travelling with our young son and booked an extra bed in a larger room. The hotel did not have enough staff. When you drove up, there was no one to take your car for almost 20 minutes. There was only 1 attendant in the midst of a holiday weekend. The hotel itself was unbelievably dowdy and it looked like nothing had changed in 25 years. The room we were married in was exactly the same. The people behind the desk were overworked and not fully staffed. However the biggest issue was the incorrect bill when we came to checkout. We had been overcharged in that our breakfast was supposed to be included. I called over the manager. He looked at a copy of my booking which I had with me and he agreed. He revised the bill accordingly. I did not sign the incorrect bill and asked him if it should be destroyed. He said no, because I hadn't signed it. You guessed it, my credit card was charged with the wrong amount. As soon as I received my statement, I called directly to the hotel, spoke with the manager on duty, who didn't believe me because nothing had been documented by the manager at checkout. I faxed him a copy of my bill. He tried to bargain with me and argue about the booking! I got angry and he finally relented. I get my second statement and he credited back breakfast for one day, but not the second day. Once again, I called the hotel and the manager on duty would not credit me the correct amount even though I offered to fax him my bill. He didn't even want to see it or deal with the problem. He just said he would turn it over to the manager I had spoken with when he came on duty.I have probably spent more money now on long distance phone calls to straighten this out than the dispute amount. Wonderful memories of our wedding have been wiped out by the incredibly bad service and tone of the managers who will not appropriately handle this. I would NEVER stay here again and I will be reporting this to the Intercontinental Hotel. As far as I am concerned they perpetrated fraud with their bookings when they didn't follow through on what they advertise.(I stayed at the SF Ritz Carlton the week before and it was far superior in terms of service and the quality of the facility. )