The worst service in California (or anywhere else I've stayed) VILE We booked the Huntingdon for the last night of a 12 day trip having stayed in a number of other of hotels (all of which were good to excellent).It was a disappointment.Pros - Bellmen were charmign helpful and friendly (esp James) - couldn't be more helpful.Location right in middle of Nob HillCons - The service of desk/concierge - we arrived early and were told we could check in at 3 - this in itself isnt so surprising. However what was surprising was when our room wasn't available when we returned at 3.30. After being told they were checking to see if our alloted room was clean (you'd think this would have been done before 3pm) we were kept waiting for half an hour (despite being told it would be 5 minutes). At which point my husband enquired what was the delay only to be told that the hotel was full so we should be grateful to have a room (I must remember this for my clients as an excuse should I ever want to lose my job) and that we were only paying $300 dollar a room etc so should just wait. When my husband persisted in asking about a delay we were offered an alternative higher rate room (which my husband was then told and then telephoned in our room by concierge to emphasis how grateful we should be for this upgrade. WE NEVER ASKED FOR THIS UPGRADE merely the room we actually booked at the allotted check in time of 3pm!). It certainly gave a lovely start to our stay that we were basically being told as paying guests we were lucky to be there. Bathrooms are tiny..shower bath and small sink/toilet unit. Given the size of room and wasted space this is baffling. Decor is slightly tired.. Hygiene also suspect - both my husband and I had bites on our bodies after staying here and suspect it may have been bed bugs from this hotel .The spa -distinctly unfriendly and unhelpful attitude (the drunken women comparing breast size in the pool was also somewhat offputting). If you're paying top dollar for a spa treat, you want to be treated nicely in a nice ambience, not greeted in a surly way and then experience the kind of ambience I last saw 10 years ago in a Cyprus 18 -30 hotel.The rooms walls are paper thin so not a good plan if you're a light sleeper as the goings on of all your neighbours are all too clear. Price for what you get its overrated -we also stayed in W which was comparable price and about 1000 times better in terms of quality of room. facilities and services.I'd not go back and I'd certainly not recommend it.