The only notice that you have arrived at the hotel is a small sandwich board sign on the sidewalk. You then have to figure out that it is ok to leave your car in the 3 minute parking space while you roam around trying to figure out that the Inns check-in is located in the Harbor Steps Apartment building. Then you get to drive around a few blocks to get into their parking lot. The double queen room was over the supposedly quiet Harbor Steps. 'The Harbor Steps' should not be confused with the Spanish Steps! It is not a pleasant area nor is it quiet and the nearby viaduct traffic is not quiet either. At night, the lights from the Steps area entering the room though the top of the curtains was so bright it lit up the whole room and kept me awake. The bathroom had globs of stuff on the walls and grout in the shower was missing or dirty. The mat in the bath was dirty. There were layers of dust along the edges of the carpet near the bed and cobwebs in the corners. The decor was drab and uncoordinated. Heating and cooling systems are a joke, see photos. The TV was circa 1980s and placed in a location that made it difficult to watch from anywhere in the room. There was no information about local TV channels so if you are there during a weather event, you are on your own. The local magazines and Where mag were months and years out of date. Bring your computer cables as they don't have wi-fi; bring something to carry the bulky fobs and keys you need to get in and out of buildings, and bring a jacket and umbrella. The rooms are located in a building detached from the apartment/check-in/parking building. The hotel is located on the south end of the Seattle Art Museum. If that is your only destination, it is a good location. It is too far from everything else which you realize when you are the only people on the nearby streets after regular business hours. I was afraid to walk alone around here after dark. In a restaurant, if the bathroom is dirty you know the kitchen wont be clean. I applied that adage here and avoided all their free food which seems to be a big draw. The way too casual front desk seemed much more concerned about telling me their rules than wondering if I needed anything or enjoyed my stay.