1. The only good thing about the hotel is the location, it's near many of the major tourist sites but you'd have to be fairly fit to stay here as it's located half way down a hill. The location isn't the cleanest, many of the roads nearby are very dirty! The view from our hotel room was of dirty streets. 2. The rooms are okay, the main thing is that they were clean but the views weren't great. The rooms were of average size. They were fairly basic and of no way a 4 star hotel as stated in many websites. There were no tea/coffee facilities. No iron or ironing board. No tolietries. There was a minibar placed in the room 3 days into our stay though it was empty so you can say we had an empty fridge not a mini bar! We then bought our own drinks and subsequently placed the drinks in the fridge and was accused of not paying for the drinks when we were checking out a week later. We explained to the staff at reception "THAT THE DRINKS WERE OUR OWN DRINKS, THAT NO DRINKS WERE PLACED IN THE FRIDGE IN THE 1ST PLACE" it was horrible, the staff didn't believe us and all we could was explain over & over again that they were our drinks. We had to get the bell boy to confirm our story as he had witness the mini bar placed in our room without it being filled. Only when he confirm the story did the manager believe us. It was shocking behaviour to say the least! We didn't even get an apology! 3. Only 2 of all the staff spoke broken english, all the other staff didn't understand a word, so whenever we asked about something, we were always kept waiting around as the staff had to find someone who spoke english. 4. The breakfast was basic, the same thing everyday! eggs (either boiled, or scrambled- it alternated day to day) bread, yoghurt, canned fruit, sliced salami, sliced cheese & fried potato, juice & tea/coffee 5. The hotel can arrange different types of tours, we went on a mini cruise up the Brophorus river for 35Euros. We were told it was to last 4 hours (8am-12pm) but the coach picked us up late at 8.30, the driver then had to pick up other tourists at other hotels which continued until 9.15. We headed to the spice market where we had 30mins or so to shop before heading back on the coach to the marina. When we finally got on the boat, that part of the tour lasted 1hr 30mins & they dropped us off at 11.30. For the money we paid, it wasn't worth the tour as the following day, we took a ferry to the Asian side of Istanbul & only paid 1 Euro & did our own thing. Overall it was an okay holiday. It was spoiled due to our stay at the hotel. We did make the most of it though. I would advise anyone travelling to Istanbul to research the city and really plan what you want to do as we were lucky that the rest of our holiday was okay because of that - it was a shame as Istanbul is really a beautiful place! IF YOU'RE THINKING OF STAYING HERE, PLEASE THINK TWICE ABOUT IT!!! Mr & Mrs David