My kids and I spent a long weekend at Castle Rock Resort this past weekend. When I called for reservations, the first call told me there was nothing available even though as I sat online it showed rooms available. I decided to call and ask again. This time, I was told that there were rooms available overlooking the waterpark with a king bed and bunk beds. Since I had promised the kids we could stay there, I jumped on it. The room at first glance was nice. But the king bed was extraordinarily hard and the bunk beds just felt like an egg carton pad on a piece of plywood. My son slept there the first night. Started out on top and ended up on the bottom bunk. The next night, he chose the chair in the room. Top off the uncomfortable beds with no a/c. To even get the fan blowing on it, I had to lay down in the floor and stick my finger in a hole in order to get it turned on. Lucky I didn't electrocute myself. Housekeeping only straightened up the bed, not the bunks and did not replenish any of the supplies. If you forgot something, they sold it in their gift shop for ridiculous amounts ($3 for a sample size toothpaste). There was not a breakfast or anything else complimentary as there are in many other hotels in the Branson area. Parking was a nightmare. The lot was small and over flow was in a dark area around to the side. The water park was fairly enjoyable for the kids. They ran up and down going to the slides, but the open slide (you go down without a tube) was dangerous. I went down once and hurt my shoulder. My daughter (15 years old) went down it and bruised her ankle badly. She said that you had no control of yourself whatsoever and she just went flying up over the edges of the slide. The lazy river was fun, but would have been much better had there not been small kids running around without tubes. It was fast moving and hard to stop. You literally had to brace your feet on the bottom to avoid hitting little kids without a tube. This was about it other than some kiddie pools and a joke of a dumping bucket (similar to the ones at the Great Wolf Lodges, but it only filled with about a foot of water and dumped). It was way overpriced and definitely not worth the money. I was strongly disappointed!