Our stay at Castle Rock was terrible, and that is being kind! We reserved three rooms, one in the Tower building, two in the adjoining (Atrium) building. Our reservations were made online, plus we called for additional information regarding the water park hours, etc. At no time did any one mention that the kiddie part of the water park was going to be CLOSED on the day of our arrival! We had three small children, under the age of 3, with us that were so excited to be going to the water park. When we checked in, Lynn explained that the kiddie portion of the water park was closed but would be open the next day (Saturday). I explained that we each paid about $130 for our rooms so that our children could enjoy the water park. She was rude, wouldnt even look at me while speaking to me, and said that the kiddie pools would be open on Saturday. I explained that my youngest daughter and her family had to leave on Saturday she still did not offer a refund and kept her head down as if she was too busy to be bothered with us. I asked when the manager would be in and was told that he would be in on Saturday. Lynn stated that our kids could use the pool. I explained that our children were very little and were too small for the pool. And, that we specifically came to this hotel because of the kiddie pools. Once my youngest daughter and her family went to check out their room, they found that it had not been cleaned. The dirty linens were piled on the floor. We returned to the hotel lobby and they gave them another room. While going to their new room, they saw Lynn on her way (empty handed) to the first room they were sent to. They stopped to see what she was doing in there. After a couple of minutes, she came out (again, empty handed). They went and looked in the window, as she had left the curtains pulled back, and she had put the DIRTY linens back on the bed! YUCK! Our room was a king bed with Jacuzzi. We found rat droppings (Yes, rat turds) in our dresser and in the floor of the room. I would not recommend staying here for any reason!! Saturday morning I went back to the lobby to speak with the manager. Lynn stated that he was not going to be in until Monday. I asked if there was anyone else I could speak to. She went to the back and sent out Cathy who stated she was the owner. I explained everything to her and again, was told that there was nothing they could do about it. A few hours later, I received a phone call from Lynn who stated that she was going to give my daughter a 10% discount for their Friday night bill. Wow, $13 really made up for all of that. On Saturday morning we did spend a couple of hours at the water park and yes the kiddie pools were open. The water was freezing and the children could only stay in for a few minutes at a time. All of the doors were propped open because the lifeguards were hot and this made it even colder on the kids. While attempting to use one of the adult slides, I slipped and fell hurting my arm. The lifguard didn't even offer to help me up, or ask if I was OK. This was a nightmare and I'm so thankful it's over. We go to Branson at least once a month and have never had such a terrible experience. Please, do yourself a favor and DO NOT EVER STAY HERE. And, save your friends and family a lot of hassle and tell them about this horrible place.