Please read before booking this hotel..... Just came back from staying at the Grand Bahia Principe Punta Canta gold section october/08, and there are some things a North American traveller should know before booking this hotel. First of all the staff there were very friendly however, very few can speak english, some refused to speak english to us, they just responded to us in spanish. Front desk answers the phone in spanish, room service, all staff including bar tenders aproach you in spanish versus spanish followed by english, that most resorts do as we were used to. A few days in we found out why. 99.9% of the guests staying at this hotel were spanish speaking, we were excited to meet up with another couple or a group of people to have drinks at the pool with, this didnt happen because nobody spoke english and quite frankly we felt frowned upon when we started speaking english.Upon arrival to our room we discovered the bottom of the bathtub was dirty (black film) the shower head was coming out of the wall, the caulking job looked like it had been done by a four year old having some fun, not to mention the back sliding door would not close properly, it was a chore having to grab the entire door and quickly latching it, which was a must because if the back door is not sealed the air conditioning does not come on.This resort is absolutely gigantic, we didn't realize how big it was until we had to wait for a tram at a bus stop in the pouring rain followed by a 10 minute ride to the front desk which held the Casino, Disco, and buffet. You could only imagine our frustration when we got there and forgot something in our room, back to the bus stop 10 minute ride back to the room etc.Our first morning there we slept in untill about 9:45 am, shuttled to the buffet only to find it was closed for breakfast at 10:30 am so they could set it up for lunch, which did not re open untill 12:30 pm. Front desk told us buffet is closed, lunch at 12:30 pm. Folks if you missed the breakfast buffet there is nothing to eat on that resort untill 12:30, not a snack bar etc.The buffet was horrible, spaghetti sauce that looked like tomato soup with chunks of meat, pork loin that could not pass for scraps for our dog, never mind trying to cut through it, hot dogs that were not cooked properly, hamburger that was so salty you couldnt swallow it, the list is far too long to continue, and I believe pig snout was also there as well yum yum.Off to the beach we go, just gorgeous, white sand blue ocean amazing. We were starving and thought ok they must be offering up something at the beach, I mean come on it's the main attraction. The only thing we could find was a smaller version of the lunch buffet, except outdoors, with flys. All a la carte restaurants were closed, at this point we were willing to pay money for a restaurant that had quality food. none to be found.So we drank instead, only to find something strange was happening, my husband and I must have had 16 drinks between us with no food on our stomach and felt almost zero effects from the alcohol???? we should have been on the floor...at this point my husband was floored losing his patients and wanted to complain, he had enough and quite frankly so did I. We decided to carry on, we were by the sea and wanted to remain positive.Room service.....well lets just say trying to negotiate a well done hotdog with a spanish speaking person was next to impossible, the nachos didnt even come with salsa just a weird tasting cheese sauce, the ceaser salad came with 5 giant anchovies that were the size of slugs and the dressing tasted like spoiled vinegar. The french fries were good though which we had to eat during the day for energy. After a lazy day at the beach we were drained, getting any rest on the bed was nearly impossible, it was hard as a rock. Yes there are dominican beers and soda in the fridge for the taking, when we asked for more diet pepsi we were refused because we were only allowed two smalll bottles per day.We went to the gift shop one day to pick up some chips and chocolate, my husband and I didnt calculate properly and it came to 14$ ok our mistake sorry, we told them no deal please give us our $20 back. we were refused, the manager came down and said pick something else in the store. It wasnt like we took the chocolate out of the store or anything.Complaining was a no go, all of a sudden there accents became thicker and it was harder for them to understand english. The saving grace was the a la carte restaurants at night, they were ok but we were a little turned off when we saw a GIANT roach walking out of the japanese a la carte. The Grand Bahia is just too big for their own good, their only saving grace is the dominican people working there, friendly charming, nice, which we found out they only make $250 dollars a month. Just a few things you should know before booking at this resort.P.S - stick to Schmirnoff vodka and beer if you want to get any sort of buzz on. and the ATV crazy wheels excursion was absolutely AMAZING, a must try while in the dominican.