I purchased a week at Summer Bay Resorts on Koval and was very disappointed with the "resort". Be careful when you book this trip because their Internet site photos are not what the resort really looks like. When we arrived by taxi there were tractors in front of the resort, and the main pool with what was suppose to be a waterfall had a chain link fence around it. It was very hot, and the air-conditioning in the main reception area which is another condo, wasn't working properly. The taxi driver was told to put our luggage under a patio umbrella by some lawn chairs in front of the building. After we registered, there wasn't anyone around to take our luggage to our condo which was quite a distance to walk in the heat. When we finally found our condo, our key would not open the door - so we had to go back to the main (condo) which is a make-shift office, for another key that did work. It was quite a hassle. The condo was very small, but nice and clean. There were two flat screened TV's, but the one in the bedroom was too close to the bed. The air-conditioning in the condo would not shut off and ran the entire night. It was very noisy. In the morning, I called the front desk and was told someone would take a look at it. After another night of little sleep because of the loud air-conditioner, I was assured that someone would take a look at it that day. When we returned in the evening, a message said the conditioner was fine. Since it continued to run, we turned it off and opened the patio door for air in the late evening when it cooled down. The grounds were torn up. We went for a swim in the only pool that was open and there were two patio umbrellas to provide shade which were unfortunately taken. We complained that there wasn't any shampoo or coffee in our condo. We were told they would bring some --------------- they never did. My friend and I got really disgusted with the noise, lack of shade at the only pool that was open, and the construction. We were so unhappy we left after only staying 3 nights. We checked into Harrahs and were much happier with their facilities. This was a major disappointment. Perhaps when the "resort" is completed it will be nicer. For now, if you need taxi service you sit under a couple of patio umbrellas outside where it is hot. The patio furniture is mismatched, there's no lobby to relax in, and you feel like your in a 3rd world country. BEWARE of this resort.