I am a Summer Bay owner. I must say that the "few" times I have stayed there, a total of 3 times since I have been a owner (2003), I have never been so disgusted in my entire life!!! I won a lottery of some sorts to be upgraded to hold a 2 bedroom deed for "my property" COOL, GREAT, whatever...so they had offered for myself & the other owner to come out to visit their new construction for the buyout from Harrahs. Ok! Another 90 minute timeshare presentation. We arrived on Friday morning, checked in right away went to our room, the last building next to the Italian Restaurant & the Liquor store. I wasn't feeling all that safe to be right there, because usually I am in the middle somewhere with other people around me. I am also with my 12 year old daughter & my sister. We drop off our luggage open some curtains & tons of moths flying from everyone. Once those were shewed out we head to Bally's to start our adventure for the day. We come back to the room later that evening. My daughter wanted to go swimming so we went to the pool by the Club House area, the pool was not heated, deflated pool toys, the hot-tub was cold, and moths flying everywhere. It was gross! We then headed back to our room for the night, started showers and there were dead bugs in the window sill, the water coming out from the shower head was low. Everyone finished their showers and headed to bed. We were gone all day saturday, came in late, took showers and packed for our departure the next day. My sister was putting stuff away in here suitcase on the bed & opened the curtains only to find that there was a coachroach laying dead on the dirty disgusting carpet. I find this out on the last day of being there for 3 days total. I was so sick I could not get out the that room fast enough. I took the coachroach to the front desk when I checked out & asked for a refund of my $10 a night upgrade to the larger room. The woman at the front desk said "oh my thats not good", needed to get help from anohter person for the refund. That woman came up and said "oh that's just a grasshopper". I dont know what country she is from but grasshoppers and cockroaches do NOT look alike. Needless to say I will never stay at this resort or "hell hole" ever again, and not even at the new place. Then having to go home & shake out all our clothes for other cockroaches!! I will just always exchange for a nicer place in Vegas. DO NOT BOOK THIS PLACE!!!!