This was the worst experience ever!!! My friend ad I arrived at the Hotel at about 1 am, due to weather conditions where we were flying from. Even though I called th resort to let the know what was happening, by the time we arrived at the hotel they had given our room (2bedroom, 2bath, non smoking suite) away. They offered us either the same suite but smoking or 2 studio suites. We took the 2 suites (right above one another). Within minutes of being in my room, my friend called to ask if I just flushed the toilet (i had). The reason being that she just had a rain shower of toilet water fall down on her (eww). After flushing agian to confirm, we called te front desk (it is now 2 am). Instead of telling us that maintenence was not available they made us wait up 1/2 hour for security to come and tell us they would leave a note for the plumber. The next morning we waited til almost 11 for pumbing to come. After they came we went to the activity coordinator to ask about getting info on atv tours. She handed us a pamphlet and sat down and read a magaine. The next day we went back to her to ask about going to the grand canyon. She gave us a small amount of info and told us we should look up the weather before we go and gave us a phone number. (um.. can't you do that since you are sitting in front of a computer and we have to PAY for wifi?) While the resort did ofer to move our rooms the next day, the problem seemed to be fixed so we stayed put. We were only there for the weekend and didn't want to unpack again. Housekeeping only comes once a week. They called to ask if I wanted a full service cleaning (almost sound like tey were hoping I said no) when I got ack to the room, the only thing they did was leave clean towels and take dirty ones. bed was not made... hair (which I jeft in the bathroom counter purposely) was still there. Trash was not emptied..So what is a full cleaning? No one ever called again to make sure the plumbing was still ok and no one seemed truely apologetic about the situation. it is as if they are numb to the complaints. Even the laundry room was an upset. Each room only has one small washer and dryer, but they vending machine advertises dryer sheets. When I tried to buy one for my dry cycle, it gave my liquid fabric softner. This would not be an issue, but I had already washed my clothes. Just another small isue that made everything annoing!The only + was tha our bulding, whic was located in a back alley and scattereed with dumpsters, was right under the monorai station. The pool was soo ghetto and dirty. The rooms also had a weird smell. I would never stay here again. I was even afraid to use the safe, because I did not trust it would work right. I wouldrather sleep uder a park bench on the strip!!!!!