This resort needs to stop where it is right now, demolish and start over immediately. And please change your name, take the "resort" off because it definitely is not one. When the shuttle pulled up to Summerbay "Resort", yeah, right, (LOLOLOLOL - hilarious that they would even try to pass this off as one.) We expected to see something very nice since we had the pleasurable experience of staying at the Summerbay in Florida (which we absolutely loved). Nope, not what you going to see. Our sight of this mess what you call a resort is exactly what I stated, " a mess". It was like we stepped into the set of a 1950's Old Western Movie. We expected to see tumbleweeds roll by, cowboys and Indians come out and start a fight in the parking lot. As if this is not enough, you insult people by dressing up the lobby as if this is some taste of what our rooms may look like  yeah, right! Advice: RENOVATE THE ROOMS  IMMEDIATELY. BRING THEM UP TO DATE, WE LIVE IN THE 21st CENTURY (I figured I would tell you since it seems you dont know). First of all we could not get into our hotel at all due to the fact that the door to our room was broken shut. My husband had to literally pry it open with a good shove of the shoulder and a couple of forceful kicks. We asked for it to be fixed the next day and I have to admit the service was prompt but apparently maintenance had no idea of how to fix it because the problem remained unsolved. We just decided to kick our way into our room instead of bothering staff again. When we got the door open the first night, oh goodness the smell that others write about is definitely correct. It was an old, moldy smell, (I had to clean and disinfect the entire space. I could not sit or sleep there until we found the Walgreens and I brought a can of Lysol, Comet cleanser and Clorox Bleach) has old scratchy furniture, no central air just a big lunky, chunky old 1970 a/c units (who uses these anymore?) We had the pleasure of uninvited guests in our room\, the bathroom tub is an eyesore and the hot water - at times what hot water?? If we had to stay longer, I dont think I wouldve asked for a new room for fear that we may get something more dreadful than what we already have. I must admit the bed was ok, my husband and I slept pretty good. The staff is also very nice and friendly. If we had to stay on the premises most of the day, I think I would have lost my mind. GIVEN A CHANCE FOR A FREE STAY AT SUMMERBAY LAS VEGAS, I WOULD DEFINITELY PASS. UNLESS THEY TOTALLY MAKEOVER THEIR ENTIRE HOTEL, I WOULD NEVER, EVER STAY THERE AGAIN!