This was by far the worst hotel our family has ever stayed in. When we first walked in we weren't greeted by the front desk clerk, but was told to hold on while she continued her converstation on her personal cell phone (to which she was cussing and yelling in front of our 2 year old). After about waiting for ten minutes she finally got us a room which we asked for a room with one bed, she then said that she gave us a two bed room because it was "bigger". After having to drive around to the back of the hotel and walk up the none air-conditioned flight of stairs and hallway, we entered our room. The room smelled like smoke and dirty feet. The entire room was disgusting. They were cobwebs in ever corner of the ceiling, there were burn holes in the blankets, the balcony (which did not have a secure locking system) was covered in cigarettes, the lawn chairs that were on the balcony were covered in dust, the bathroom hardware was dusty and dirty, when we turned the shower on it smelled like fish, there was trash in the drawers from preivous guests, the channels on the television that were promised were not there (no kid friendly channels at all). On top of everything the fridge was broken which ended up spoiling a lot of our food that we have brought with us, the air conditioner had a sensor that only turned on when someone was in the room and the thing didn't even work because someone had broken the knob off. When we called down to the front desk (after fixing it ourselves) the front desk clerk said he would still have someone come look at it because "we'd just complain about it again". No one came and looked at it and we ended up sticking a ballon in front of the sensor to keep the room cool. But the worst part about our stay was the 2 guys trying to break into the bar and pool, which was right outside our room. They were drinking in the parking lot and going in and out of the hotel. There is no sercurity at all at this hotel, NONE of the locks on the doors work and we feared for our safety. Please do yourselves a favor and DO NOT stay here.