I understand the hotel industry is competitive and and very cutthroat. But "no frills" should not mean "impersonal" and "frugal". The "no frills" atmosphere that easyHotel uses to distinguish itself from its competition has rapdily become the very reason why I now despise them. I originally booked 7 nights here for December 2010. This booking was just something to hold me over until I found better, cheaper accomodations elsewhere. "Insurance", if you will. I did not consult their refund policy first. BIG MISTAKE. Their refund policy is hard to find on their website and is confusing at first glance, espcially for those that are not accustomed to booking hotels online. It states that if you want a refund, your account (with the HOTEL) will be credited and if you do not use your credit within a year, you lose it. This is not the norm within the industry and I found this unbelievably dissapointing, as I was now out $500! When I eventually found cheaper accomodation, I went back to get my refund only to discover that I had been duped, partly by my own stupiditiy. I figure since I had only made the reservation less than 48 hours ago, it might not be a big deal to get a refund onto my credit card. After calling multiple times, multiple branches, speaking to managers, emailing mangers' mangers, I received no response and realize that my $500 was gone. They do not list any phone numbers on their website for this reason, I presume (but their phone number does appear on the email confirmation if you need to contact them directly). To add insult to injury, they even charge a 10 pound cancellation fee on top of everything. And they try to charge you a bogus early checkin fee if you're there even an hour earlier than the certified 3pm checkin time. So I was stuck staying at this horrible hotel, which isn't even all that great for the price you pay! The location is good but the bathrooms are not cleaned properly; there was a curly brown hair stuck to my sink when I checked in. Staff are well meaning but useless, based on my above issue. The rooms were small and non-functional and you have to pay extra for a tv remote (although you can turn them on and change the channel on the actual tv itself). Rooms do not get cleaned during your stay and housekeeping costs extra. Everything costs extra. What's next? An hourly rate for electricity? Oxygen? All of this just shows me how easyHotel is only concerned about "no frills" and being complete cheapskates. I was basically robbed of $500! You can find MUCH better B&B or budget hotel options just outside of the city centre (east end of the city, or anywhere in the tube's Zone 2). I will NEVER stay at easyHotel ever again! AVOID!!!!!