We stayed in this hotel in Baltimore to attend a wedding reception, and made use of the visit to drive to DC to visit the Capital in mid July. The whole Eastern Seaboard got hit by a heat wave, therefore, I can honestly report that the A/C in the hotel is excellent. However, the water in the small swimming pool was freezing cold, i suspect that the staff must have turned off the water heater in view of the heat outdoor. the hotel is very clean even it is merely the Garden Inn. the decor in hotel lobby has a bit of the southern charm as in most of the Disney hotel lobbies in Orlando. I like the idea of having a coffee/tea stand in the lobby where one can freely serve ice cold water with lemon slices which is refreshing in the hot weather; coffee and tea. Cookies are also available from 5pm on. It is a nice touch. We had a great promotional deal form Hotels which offered us $90/night with breakfast included. Unfortunately, the Hotel.com staff was too helpful who indicated that i was overcharged for 5 nights as the system had doubled charged in taxes when i registered online and discovered that i was charged more than 20% taxes, as a result, the Hotels staff indicated that she could adjust the database to indicate there was only one adult staying in the room to offset the double charged tax (i could not understand why she did what she did). Well, this had led to some undesirable consequences which i will describe in the following, so if anyone stumbles into the special that i have had, please beware. As i checked in to the hotel late at night after the 400 mile journey, i was greeted by the receptionist, who indicated to me that the special offered to me must have been a mistake as the buffet breakfast could not have been included in my price. I responded calmly that i had the print out of the Hotels.com that stated that the breakfast was included despite the room charge was $90 (the regular was $160). The receptionist said that the discount code in the Hotels print out was foreign to her, as a result, she recommended me to call Hotels which should then contact Hilton and it would be likely that Hotels would have to pay for our breakfast so they could honour the deal offered to me. All was cool, i contacted the Hotels help line and i was informed by Hotels that the matter was straightened out after 10 minutes of my waiting on the phone. I was instructed to go up to the reception desk to receive my breakfast vouchers. On the following morning, i went up to the front desk to inquire about the vouchers and ensure that there would be no further issue regarding our stay in the hotel. The hotel manager greeted me and indicated that i had a terrific deal with Hilton and that the special code in Hotels print out was indeed a new promotional campaign code, and that the breakfast would and should be included. However, the registration indicated that there was only one person staying in the room, therefore, Hilton would honour the deal by offering us one free breakfast meal despite Hilton realized that we were a party of three. I did not want to make this into a real issue. I expressed my appreciation of prompt service and i left it at that. The truth was that someone in the administration must have made a mistake and the Hilton Garden Inn had to honour the offer, but they would use any means to ensure that they would not have a losing proposition. In view of our stay is definitely very inexpensive, i really did not want to pursue this matter. We enjoyed our stay in Hilton, and we had even extended our stay there by another night. The manager gladly made the same offer to us as the other nights stay which we greatly appreciated. Staying in Hilton in White Marsh was a great choice, for we wanted to visit DC for a few days. All the hotels in the vicinity of DC were charging over $200 a night, therefore, driving a mere distance of an hour or less from White Marsh but saving at least $75-$100 minimum in hotel expenses was a very economical way for us to visit DC but with a very fine hotel accommodation. the buffet breakfast in the hotel could add up if there are multiple persons in a family, but one can easily have excellent croissant, bagels with lox and cream cheese, or above average continental breakfast nearby in Panera (i think this is how you spell it). There are also many fast food chains and restaurants near by. In fact, there is a whole shopping mall across the high way by which the hotel is located.