My husband and I stayed two nights at this wonderful hotel for his birthday. I booked the rooms for an amazing price ($70/nt) through Priceline. Because of this, I was concerned we may be treated like 2nd class citizens but that was certainly not the case. Prior to arrival, I phoned the front desk and asked about a room upgrade. I expected to be charged for this but to my surprise, the front desk clerk advised me that if I sign up for the hotel's free rewards program, I could get a free room upgrade. So he proceeded to sign me up over the phone and then upgraded our room to a King Suite with jacuzzi tub. It was fabulous! (Thank you Jason!) The room was lovely. The rewards program also included a $10 credit for the "Raid the Mini Bar" program and free wireless internet. I had also asked Jason if he could arrange for a birthday note or something to be left in the room for my husband. Well, he did better than that. In our room we found a bottle of sparkling brut wine and a bag of chocolates. Wow! One of my favourite things about the hotel is their HosPETality Program. Amazing! We weren't charged extra to have our dog. She was welcome throughout the hotel except the restaurant so during the free wine hour in the lobby from 5-6pm, I sat sipping my wine with my dog at my side. You are allowed to leave your pet in your room unattended while you shop or dine, providing the pet is well behaved. Just leave a contact number at the front desk in case of problems. You'll be given a little sign to hang on your doorknob alerting staff to the presence of your animal. If you don't feel comfortable with this, the front desk offers pet sitting on a first come-first serve basis. Your pet can be tethered behind the front desk to hang with the staff for up to 5 hours. First hour is free and then only $5/hour. The staff here were wonderful. One day we arrived back at our room to find a dog dish with our dog's name written on it piled high with dog cookies and a stuffed goldfish toy. :o) The goldfish signifies another program of the hotel. If you are lonely during your stay, just ask for a pet goldfish and one will be delivered to your room in a little fish bowl, complete with name tag. The hotel does have an attached restaurant that seems quite funky but we dined there on a Sunday night which had a limited menu so I can't comment on the food. Parking is valet and quite costly at about $38/night. However, I think that's pretty standard for hotels in that area. There is no pool/spa but there is a small, adequate fitness room. So if you like a nice soak, upgrade to a room with a jacuzzi tub! I was so impressed with this hotel and its staff. They made our weekend perfect!