Just returned from 3 night stay over the Labor Day weekend at the Hotel Monaco Seattle. We met some friends of ours, who also stayed there in a separate room. The location was good for us and anyone who doesn't have issues with moderate walking -- it was a multi-block walk to Pikes Market, the waterfront, etc. -- you do have up hill walking when you return to the hotel from Pikes Market or the waterfront, though we found some streets to be less steep than others (Union Street, for instance). From the moment we arrived at the hotel we found the staff to be friendly, professional and helpful, and this continued throughout our stay -- the valet, doorman, front desk reps, concierge, housekeeping, etc. Each time we were leaving the hotel, the front desk people would acknowledge us with pleasantries such as "have a nice day"; upon our return they would again acknowledge us with "welcome back", or something similar. The evening wine event in the lobby was a very nice touch. The overall feel of the hotel was that it was nicely decorated and clean and felt welcoming. The room was also nicely decorated and clean and larger than the average hotel room. There was ample comfortable seating, i.e. two upholstered chairs and a very comfortable desk chair at the large desk. Also, the room had multiple sources of bright lighting -- best lighting of any hotel we've stayed in. There was a nice size flat screen TV, stocked mini-fridge (items for purchase), stocked snack tray (also for purchase), and a room safe as well. Though coffee service is provided in the lobby each morning, there is no coffee service in the room, however, you can request a set-up for your room, if desired. The beds were extremely comfortable, i.e. the mattress, linens, comforter, and pillows. The air conditioner worked great and you are able to control the temp. to your liking from the in-room thermostat. The bathroom, too, was larger than usual. The shower head was to die for and with great water pressure, so you didn't have to spend a longer-than-usual amount of time in the shower trying to shower with a trickle of water, as is the case in many hotels (especially important to those of us with longer, thicker hair). They also had a wall-mounted rack containing full-size pump bottles of shampoo, cream rinse, and liquid bath soap. A hair dryer was also provided. You should know ahead of time, as we did, that many of the rooms face directly towards another high rise, in close proximity, especially if you want a room with two beds versus a king; we were told that there are no two bed rooms not facing the building; besides not having a view or much natural light, this necessitates keeping your curtains closed for privacy -- but, again, at least there's great lighting provided in the room. There are only two things I would add to my wish list for the hotel -- one is to have at least some two-bed rooms that don't face a building and the second is to provide larger than the standard size bath towels. All in all, this was a terrific hotel experience and we will definitely return there on future trips. This was our first stay at a Kimpton Hotel but, based on this experience, it won't be our last!