I guess I'll begin by saying that I was disappointed that I could only give 5 stars for service. I've never actively searched out a hotel group, but after this stay, I'll go out of my way to stay at a Kimpton Hotel. (And yes, I'm actually embarrassed to go on like a walking advertisement, but our time there was amazing and I feel it's warranted.) The best thing Hotel Monaco has going for it is its service - from the front desk to the valets to the housekeeping. It's refreshing to come into contact with staff who don't come across as disenchanted with the organization. I sheepishly asked about getting a goldfish for our room and, I swear, they were more excited to arrange for one than I was about getting it (special thanks to Shaynee and Hayden). The doormen/valets were exceptional (special thanks to Nick) and always friendly. Housekeeping gave such special care to our room that I felt guilty using anything in the bathroom. The second best thing, is the location. The Monaco is so centrally located that we questioned whether we truly needed a car during our stay there. It's about a 10-minute (lovely) walk to the Market down streets that are interesting in their own right, and about 3 minutes from amazing shopping. The Sazerac is a happening place - great food (you must try the dates) and atmosphere - and you feel lucky to have it available to you downstairs, as opposed to other hotel restaurants that "will do" if you're simply too tired to venture out. The fitness room is more than adequate and, while I didn't use the business center, it looked to have everything you would need. And if you have the option of getting a room with a jacuzzi, DO IT - they're spacious and deep. The Hotel only has valet parking which, I'll admit, can add up quickly. I had read online that the Kimpton group strives to be environmentally responsible and therefore offers a discount for those driving hybrids. This came in handy when we had the choice to rent a Prius. Upon check-out, I was informed by the staff that Monaco had a special promotion during the month of August whereby valet/parking was complimentary for those driving eco-friendly cars! I wasn't sure whether I was more impressed by the creative promotion or pleased that I'd saved a significant amount of money, but I walked away elated. Prior to arriving, we filled out a Kimpton membership (at no cost), which asks for preferences on everything from room placement to pillow firmness to your choice of daily newspaper. I filled it out, doubtful that it would actually be taken into account; yet, upon arrival, I found that we had indeed been reserved a corner room with firm pillows and the daily Seattle Times. In addition, there was a card in our room welcoming us to the Program and entitling us to $10 worth of mini-bar purchases (from which there were many to choose). I realize that I may be gushing here, but our experience was so wonderful that, even though the hotel is not the cheapest in Seattle, we left feeling like we'd gotten a steal. Before our trip we'd been torn between staying at the Westin or taking a chance on this boutique, and I'm so happy we chose the latter.