First of all... I love Kimpton properties. I tried staying at another non-Kimpton property and I regretted it to the point where I canceled my second night and booked at the Hotel Monaco. So, I was coming in to town from out of the country and I arrived late... probably around 10:15 or so. I was tired, frustrated, and just wanted food and a bed. The front desk clerk was so nice and kind to me; it made the difference. I had a room on the 11th floor, which I assume is because I'm a Kimpton In Touch member. I loved it! I love being on high floors. When I got in to the room, it was warm, cozy, and everything that I love. The bed was incredible and the bathroom was large and clean. I have a thing for bathrooms. Instead of dining downstairs, I decided to hop in the shower and order room service. I ordered a turkey bacon pannini at 10:45 and was told it would be about 25 minutes. I waited and waited, and finally I called at 11:45. Apparently my order got missed. They were quick to correct it and I had my sandwich by midnight. They did not charge me and they even gave me an adorable bag of chocolates. I appreciated their apology and effort to rectify the situation; I was more than happy, even if it was delayed. The only thing is, they still didn't get the sandwich correct; there was no bacon on the one that was delivered to me, which is what I was sorta craving. No matter... the sandwich was still delish and really enjoyed it. Just like I have a thing for bathrooms, I also have a thing for robes. The one thing I do not like about Kimpton are the robes. They are a funky animal pattern and the robes always seem kinda worn and faded. I can appreciate Kimpton's effort to be funky, original, and very chic through a simple feature, but there has to be a better option. It's not a big deal, but just sayin'... I love the shampoo, conditioner, and soap at the Hotel Monaco. I don't know who makes it or what the fragrance is, but it smells elegant and earth, organic and exotic, all at the same time. The products were in the shower in a pump, so I couldn't bring any home to research the products. When I like a hotel product, I try to bring the travel size home so I can research where I can get some for myself. Anyone know what products Hotel Monaco uses? Also, as a KIT member, I received a voucher for two free honor bar items. I didn't use the voucher, but it was a nice and appreciated touch. The valets were wonderful when I arrived and when I checked out. And when I got in my car, there was a little package with crackers and juice, tied with a little bow, and a card inside that said, "We miss you already." It made me smile, and I missed them, too! ;-) I cannot wait to stay at my next Kimpton hotel... and I cannot wait to go back to the Hotel Monaco!