I came to SEA to celebrate my birthday, not that the number of years was anything to brag about, but it's mine so that makes it special. I arrived by cab and was greeted by Anthony who being the expert with wheelchairs that he is had mine at my side in no time flat! I have arrived at this building some 1900 times and WOW has it changed. the building used to house switching machinery and operator services for the phone company. I had requested a Monte Carlo suite. It was huge and wonderfully done in what can only be called eclectic. Color scheme was in red and cream with a headboard in sky blue. My room was graced with a sweet flower arrangement of roses and freesia for which I have Jesse the Chef Concierge(I asked if he had a spit personality) to thank. The bed was a bit hard for my bones but the sheets felt great. I had lunch and dinner at the restaurant Sazerac and both meals were wonderful. Lunch was simple with a marvelous spicy, meaty gumbo and an"heirloom apple" salad. The salad was dressed with a simple vinigrette and layered on speck a cured ham. Be warned portions were more than ample. Delicious. I had breakfast in my room the next morning. I had been given coupons for a continental breakfast, alas they weren't good for room service. My meal was served by Matthew a genial fellow who graciously comped my coffee to make up. Prices were typical for a room service menu, and I was served quickly. The food was great. I ordered "Eggs from Hell" a spicy little number! A word of warning to those in wheelchairs, only two of the accessible rooms have roll in showers where u can reach the towel rack. In my room the towels were placed on a rack mounted on the back wall out of reach for us wheelies. There also wasn't a handheld shower unusual for an accessible suite. The other access issue I encountered was that door returns on my room and on the business center did not meet the pressure standards in the ADA for opening doors. They were difficult to open and in case of the business center assistance is required as the door was too narrow for someone in a chair. I had to have Jesse open the second door so I could enter the center. The hotel is located downtown at Fourth and Spring sts a great location for shopping, theater and eating out. It was a $5.00 ride from King Street Station. I was treated like a million by all the staff I encountered at the hotel. They made me feel like I was the Sultan of Brunei. I will make the Monaco my home when I travel to the Emerald city. It's a winner!