We arrived early after disembarking from our Alaskan cruise......we were not allowed to check in early as the rooms had not been cleaned from a full house the night before......this was understandable as we DID want a clean room. Since we had a rental car, we drove around the city for a few hours until checkin. From the second we got there, the guys at the front desk/porter were AMAZING!!!! Since this is your first impression of a hotel, we were already hooked. They are helping you out of your car and have your luggage out almost before u have stopped the car in front! Truly attentive!!!! Our room was nice and comfortably furnished....not cramped....they have several items available if u have forgotten yours (ie; toothbrushes, toothpaste, razors, shaving cream, heating pads, etc) and I don't think there is an extra charge for this stuff, but it may be minimal. The girl that checked us in was a little standoffish (maybe she is new?)....she stated that since we made our reservations thru Orbitz, she had limited rooms available to us. While we have long known that hotels usually give the least desirable rooms to people who use a discount travel site, we did not feel everyone in the hotel lobby checking in at the same time, needed to have this information. She told us there was a charge for the internet ($10 a day, I think), coffee in the morning, and I think a wine reception in the evening (we are nondrinkers). When we inquired later about how to use the internet, a different receptionist told us to sign up with the Kimpton Rewards program and we would have free internet for our entire stay. It would have been helpful if we were given this info during the checkin process. The rest of our 3 day stay was uneventful with the front/checkin/out desk....and everyone was very nice. Now back to the Porter service.......WOW! we can't say enough good things about these guys....They truly made our stay a wonderful one. Try them instead of the concierge...they truly know the area and won't give u the names of all the "Top" spots, but will give u the names (and directions to boot!) of all the BEST places. While all the Porters were very frindly and helpful, Anthony was the absolute best!, and if any management reads this, please send him our gratitude and note that you have an outstanding employee who would be fabulous with many more customer service responsibilities than working at the front desk/porter area! He made our experience at Hotel Monaco that much better. Tell him hi when u stay at this hotel.......and tip these guys well....they appreciate it and u will be rewarded..... We did not try the restaurant next door.......but they were always packed, so it must have been good food. Instead we tried Rock Bottom a couple of blocks away......GREAT simple food pizza, burgers, etc and not priced over the top. They probably have other stuff ,too, like seafood dishes as everywhere in Seattle does. We also went to a FABULOUS Itallian restaurant called Assaggio's on 3rd and Virginia...EXCELLENT! We stayed at the Westin 3 days prior to our cruise....they are VERY snobby.....especially when you have booked thru "one of those discount websites"......don't even bother with the Westin.....go straight to Hotel Monaco where u will be treated right. Put your walking shoes on for your trip to Seattle.....everything is UPHILL!!!! :-)