My partner learned he required cancer treatment starting mid-September, so we wanted a last minute getaway along the pacific coast so we could be ready and calm for his surgery. Our regular haunts in Seattle were booked, so on a lark, we tried "Hotwire" for the first time. We did not know about Hotel Monaco without the benefit of Hotwire, and per the Hotwire instructions I contacted the hotel about room types. Then I read a Tripadviser response from the hotel dated April 7, 2009 that didn't resonate well with us (basically the message I interpreted is that you are hooped if you book Hotel Monaco through Hotwire). Our flights had us arriving early into Seattle and I advised the hotel about the arrival and my partner's condition (made worse by a foot injury a day before our trip). For us, front desk was an exercise in what could not be done; 1) My partner slept in the lobby from about noon to 1445hrs; regular check-in is at 1500hrs, 2) We did not learn about having to request coffee or tea en suite; I learned about it the next AM when I saw another hotel guest in the lobby with coffee mugs, 3) the quirky goldfish element wasn't mentioned at check-in, so I asked twice about it the next day, 4) I asked the same front desk clerk who checked us in to have the burnt out light addressed by the bed...it wasn't. I asked someone else and it was fixed immediately. Another shift supervisor learned about our poor experience and sent up wine, chocolates and a handwritten note as a gesture of service recovery and for that we are thankful. At check-out I advised the same agent who checked us in nothing I asked of her was done, so she blamed the other areas. From doormen to housekeeping to maintenance, everyone else was great. Only check-in was brutal and front desk service was uneven. The rooms are small per building period, made smaller by the bold striping and the lack of natural light as the room faced another building, but extremely clean and the room in a location quiet. We were OK with Aveda toilettries, though dissappointed it wasn't L'Occitane. I suspect the Hotel Monanco views Hotwire bookings as the no frills/budget bookings and not "found" bookings (when in fact we paid more than if we booked directy; we just didn't know about the hotel). We are fond of boutique hotels (our favorite is in Palm Springs), but for us this one was a miss. In summary, if you are fortunate enough to discover Hotel Monaco on your own and not through a third party as we did, I expect your experience may be different than ours. Because there are other choice properties in Seattle, it's unlikely we'll be back.