I stayed here for 4 nights on business and found it to be a great location for getting around Seattle, both for meetings during the day and then for a little bit of sightseeing in the evenings. It's 2-3 quick blocks from the University St. station on the new light rail (and bus tunnel), diagonally across the street from Rem Koolhaas' beautiful public library building, and within 5-10 minutes' walk of major downtown sites like the Pike Place Market, Convention Center, waterfront, and ferry terminal. Rooms are decorated in that funky Kimpton style that you will either love or hate. Personally, I thought the decor was fun (leopard-print bathrobes!) and my room, though not huge, was more than adequate and very clean. It was also nice and cool despite the heat wave in Seattle at that time. I heard very little noise from the street below and the curtains actually closed all the way so that I could keep out unwanted light. Check-in and check-out were both easy, and on arrival I found a little "welcome" note from the staff in the room, along with a bottle of spring water and a bag of sweets from a local chocolate company - a nice touch. Breakfast at Sazerac was delicious and the staff were very friendly and efficient. There are some nice little touches like fancy trays of jam & butter to go with your croissant and interesting Asian-style teapots. It would have been helpful if they opened earlier than 7 am; each day I had to sit down as soon as they opened in order to have time to eat before my meetings. My only quibbles with the hotel were (1) they are not yet 100% non-smoking, and this was not obvious on their website; it might be worth calling them to confirm that you will have a non-smoking room, and (2) the hotel staff were not terribly knowledgeable about the downtown area when I asked for directions. But these are pretty minor complaints compared to the otherwise pleasant experience. I would be inclined to stay here again on my next trip to Seattle, whether on business or on vacation.