My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for a Saturday night prior to leaving on an Alaska Cruise from the Port of Seattle. We had a Monaco King Room, and they have a program where you can adopt a goldfish for your stay. Our adoptive goldfish was named Belle. Belle was a charmer, very interactive for a fish, and we really missed her upon leaving. Check-In was fast and friendly, and after we had dropped off our bags we went back down and asked some directions from the front desk staff. They were very kind and gave us maps, suggestions, and directions to our specific query. The one little blip in our arrival was that we are Kimpton members and the specific little preferences that were supposed to be on tap for our room, were not in place. However, they later made up for it with a nice little fruit basket and mineral water. It is a beautifully done, elegant, smaller hotel, and I loved the reproduction Minoan frescoes, a la Knossos, in the reception area. There is definitely a personal touch to the Hotel Monaco Seattle. The hotel is placed well, and we were able to walk to some nice downtown shopping areas and to the Pike Place Market, albeit nearly everything was closed by the time we made it down there. One negative, and it had nothing to do with the Hotel, were the swarms of homeless that approached one asking you to buy a 'paper'. Apparently Seattle deals with its homeless in a very humane manner and gives them identity badges and allows them to sell these newspapers. A unique approach to the problem, but it does get bothersome the fortieth time one is asked to 'buy a paper'. That and the rather seedy looking fellows lounging in a doorway, as we were getting near Pike Market, who were coveting my hub's camera - Seattle is beautiful architecturally so he was taking snaps like mad. However, I gave them my meanest - i.e. if looks could maim, ex-NYCer, ex-Chi-towner, ex-Miami, current LA Hollywood denizen glare and they backed off right quick. So, try not to look like a tourist in downtown Seattle, unless you are ready to thrash someone to a pulp if they try to jump you. Frankly, from my point of view, try not to look like a tourist anywhere! So, other than those two little blips, Seattle was fab, and the Hotel Monaco was AbFab! We had a nice large room, it was oddly shaped, but I do like things like that, and a huge window with a view up toward what I suppose are the hills. If one were of a voyeuristic bent, you could watch the life going on around one down on the street, and across the way in the residential buildings. The bathroom was large and spotless, with nice soft towels and L'Occitane products. There were some free sundries, and also a list of other sundries available for nominal prices. In the mini-bar were lots of choices, and these cute little stuffed goldfish that one can purchase. Yes, I got one and named her Belle, Too. In the closet were robes, camies and boxers in assorted sizes, and an umbrella that one could purchase, on the honour system. All in all, the items in the closet were a little on the pricey side - so I did not partake of any, but we got a good price on our room from my hubs corporate travel agency, so we ended up paying less by almost a c-note that we would have paid if we booked the room ourselves. The normal price of the room was comparable for others of the same class in the same area, but I liked the Monaco better because of the ambiance, the 'Green' feel, and of course, BELLE! Oh, and the bed, and pillows, were EVER so comfortable. I might even consider buying one from the Kimpton website sometime in the future. I had a wonderful sleep. The decor was nice and bright, but it had a modern classical empire sort of vibe, as well. There was free wifi, a definite plus, and I got to see other guests walking their pets, which always makes me happy. Although, it did make me miss my kitties. Also, there is a little shop on the main floor for sodas, emergency things if you need them, and they have souvenirs, too. There is an exercise room downstairs, but I didnt have time to use it. Although, it did look nice and clean. The next morning my hub's niece, who lives in Seattle, met us for breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Sazerac. The food was very tasty, mid-priced, and the staff very attentive. When I asked if the breakfast potatoes had onions in them - I am allergic to onions - they went to check, and then later when I didn't get the turkey sausage I ordered and I enquired about it, they said they had substituted it with ham because the turkey sausage had onion in it - ham had been my second choice. The waitress had remembered, and YES, she got quite a good tip for her attention to detail. Our niece, who had never been to the hotel before, told us that she would be coming back to Sazerac with her friends. The decor of Sazerac was lovely with all these wonderful free form glass fixtures, for which Seattle is famous, on the ceiling. The only possible cons about our hotel experience would be that the three elevators could be a little slow, and that there are only ice machines on a few floors, and of those two were broken. None of these problems were deal-breakers. When we visit Seattle again, and we will be going back, we will be staying at the Monaco again if they are available. It will be our first choice. Next time, I will ask if they have any rooms that one can see DOWN the hill from. I'd like a harbour view the next time. However, I did love the hill view, with all the lights glowing in the night. We LOVED our stay at the Monaco because of the ambiance, the people, the 'Green' feel, and of course, BELLE! We will be back, sometime in the near future, if at all possible