My husband and I stayed here one night with our son and daughter-in-law in the next room. Our room looked out onto Spring Street. The room was not particularly large, but it was fine for our needs. The bathroom was all inclusive. It was all very luxurious except that the bathroom sink was very slow-draining. You have turn-down service, fun colorful bathrobes and the NY Times in the morning. There is a coffee maker but the one in our room had a defect. It said "pause & pour" but when I lifted the coffee pot it leaked all over which means the filter basket was missing the mechanism. The service was excellent from the valet to the bellman to the front desk people. You do not park your car in their lot, the only choice you have is to use the valet. It is about $30/day charge for the parking lot which is added to your bill and of course you tip the people each time they get your car so we only took the car out once to go to the Space Needle Restaurant. We walked to Pike Place Market and other places in the area. Bring good walking shoes and be prepared for hills. There is an Hour of Indulgence in the lobby from 5 to 6 p.m. but I really feel the word "indulgence" should be removed and they should just call it Happy Hour. They had one red wine, one white wine, one type of soda and absolutely nothing to eat. No snack to go with the drinks. I asked a woman who was pouring drinks if there was anything like peanuts -- anything at all and she said "no, but that sounds like a good idea". I'm sure they have people ask all the time even though she acted like I was the first person who ever inquired. For such a fancy hotel, I was really surprised and wondered why they used the word "indulgence". I have stayed at Inn Suites hotels where they have a happy hour with drinks and popcorn so you would think a Kimpton hotel would have some kind of snack. This is a pet-friendly hotel which was so surprising to me. I guess it just seems too elegant for that but I will say it was very clean and I never got the slightest hint of pet odors. There is a restaurant in this hotel, but we did not eat there so I can't comment on that.