Stayed at Hotel Monaco Seattle for 2 nts. during the past weekend. We travelled with our son & our 2 dogs (they're both small dogs, a Pom. & a Papillon). Chose this hotel mainly because it's a pet-friendly hotel which didn't charge extra for our dogs, & allowed the dogs to stay in the room unsupervised. We got into problem the first nt. We had dinner at Rover's, which was less than 10 mins.' drive from the Hotel. Dinner took much longer time than expected (fr. 6:15 p.m. to 9:15 p.m.). We rec'd 2 phone calls fr. the hotel complaining too much barking from our dogs. When we returned, we actually saw our neighbour moving out, but we did not hear any barking outside our room. We moved our dogs to the other side of the room farthest away from the door. When we left our room the following day, we left our TV on so that our dogs would not be able to hear noises outside our room so easily. We also delayed the cleaning of our room to mid-afternoon when we went sight-seeing with our dogs. Our plan worked, and we rec'd no more complaints. The hotel staff were friendly in general. The wine-reception was fr. 5 - 6 p.m. Only white & red wine, lemonade & water were served. It wasn't very busy when we went there at 5:15, although all tables were occupied. We didn't bother going again the following day. Amenities were L'Occitane as advertisied, which included shower cap, soap, shampoo, condition & lotion. We asked for toothbrushes (I expected L'Occitane's but they brought Colgate's) & slippers, but housekeeping did not bring toothpaste along. We didn't bother to ask again and decided to buy our own in the Pharmacy near the hotel. The animal-print bath-robe was fun for photo-taking purpose. We joined the hotel's "In-Touch Loyalty Program". Housekeeping left voice-message saying the hotel has amenity kit for each of us & asked us to call back. When we called, they brought us one bottle of Evian & a small pack of chocolate, but NOT for each of us though. The hotel has price-matching policy. They will honour any lower rate available from other web-site. In general, an above-average pet-friendly hotel.