We decided to give Hotel Monaco a try after reading the positive reviews here on TripAdvisor, and having had excellent experiences at Kimpton Hotels in other cities. I've stayed at several downtown Seattle hotels before (including Sheraton, Grand Hyatt, The W) and while I had positive experiences at all of them, I would certainly return to Hotel Monaco before the others. It was truly outstanding in all areas from decor, cleanliness, and especially the service. The reservations and check-in process was flawless. I made a couple specific requests by email prior to our stay, and the staff always returned my emails promptly, ready to assist. We splurged and stayed in the Mediterrean Suite, which was wonderful. There was an emormous jet tub, and the room was spacious, very comfortable, and clean. The free internet access was also a plus. All other Seattle hotels I've been to have a fee. I was blown away by the friendly and competent staff at Hotel Monaco. Everyone from the front desk staff to the concierge to the housekeeping staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. The only downside of our stay was that our hotel room smelled a bit of ciagrette smoke. I had specifically requested a nonsmoking room. When I called the front desk, they assured us that we were on a nonsmoking floor, but that they'd be happy to move us to another room immedietly if we were not happy. Because we so enjoyed our unique suite, we decided to stay rather than move to a smaller room. We were more irritated by the guests who'd stayed before us and smoked in a nonsmoking room than we were with the hotel, which made efforts to remedy the situation. Following our stay, I received a thoughtful and personal email from one of their staff members apologizing for the occurence and guaranteeing that the problem would be discussed with housekeeping in an effort to more thoroughly clean rooms of smoke in the future. I was extremely impressed with this timely response, especially because I'd never made a formal complaint about the room, I had just mentioned it briefly. We were offered a discount on our next stay because of the "inconvience," but even without a discount, I would make Hotel Monaco my #1 hotel choice in Seattle.