I have just returned from spending the weekend in Seattle at this grand older hotel. Clipper Navigation offered the Warwick as the hotel for Friday and Saturday night stay in their all inclusive travel/hotel/taxes deal. I am supremely glad that I took the deal. Since Friday was a holiday, Clipper put on a noon sailing, which turned into a 11:30 sailing and I got to spend more time in Seattle. After a slow, nice, about 30 minute walk from Clipper terminal to the Warwick, I was greeted by two pleasant and professional young ladies at the front desk and was quickly assigned my room and given my pass card. I already knew that I would be on the smoking (9th) floor, (I am a non smoker but spend a lot of time around smokers) as it was the only one left when I booked. The room was quite spacious, and had a lovely view of the Space Needle. There was a slight smoking odor when I opened the door, but that quickly disappeared. The room was very clean, TV was in a nice cabinet, which was very strong as I bumped into it a few times in the dark. A very large comfortable king size bed, which i got lots of sleep on. A very nice writing desk, which I used quite a bit. A small refrigerator, which kept my pop very cold and a nice coffee maker. In the closet was a small safe, an ironing board and iron. The bathroom had a shower/tub combo, with a regular shower head and a wand shower head. The hotel has ice machines on several different floors, soda/snack machines on the B floor. Also on the B floor is the exercise room containing free weights, modern work out machines, (sorry I don't know the names of the machines), 3.6 foot deep pool/hot tube combo, and a sauna, which I all used, and enjoyed. Major transportation stops are within 4 blocks of the hotel. Public transit is second to none in this city, and I sure did not miss my vehicle for getting around. This hotel may be old, but she is solid. I was in the corner room with two streets outside my windows, and when I went to bed, there was very little noise, and I slept like a baby. My room was warm and comfortable. The ladies at the front desk cheerfully programed my wake up calls for both days and they were right on time. The hotel also has a nice restaurant, which I will review in more detail in the restaurant section. There are tons of restaurants within a 15 minute walk, Ralph's grocery/wine store across the street (serves very good chili), an older cinema across the street (which I plan to go to next time). All in all, I really enjoyed my stay at this Grand Old Lady!