My husband and I stayed here the evening of Monday, September 19th. We arrived via the airport just before 8am and, of course, our rooms were not available. We left our bags and the *RUDE* concierge (light hair) said he would take them  though he did seem to act like maybe they were covered in mud or something?? We left the hotel and walked directly from 4th street up two easy breezy blocks to 2nd street and got some Starbucks. We spent our entire day walking downtown Seattle  from the Pike Place Market to the waterfront (ate at the Crab Pot and took a harbor cruise) to the liquor store on 2nd street & Seneca to the harbor steps and back. We called at 12:00 and our room was not ready yet so we just kept walking and enjoying downtown Seattle as we had a tour planned anyway. We finally returned to our room at 4:30pm. We had prepaid and got a fantastic rate on our room. The *RUDE* concierge saw us come in and made himself invisible. The front desk clerk told us our bags would be delivered to our room so we took the elevator up and hoped she was correct. I had just walked in the bathroom when all the bags were delivered (quickly) but I didnt see who delivered them. My husband tipped the guy and we worried no more. We had a beautiful view of the Space Needle, a nice comfy bed, a big & clean bathroom, and everything you could really want for a stay. We had a small couch and we prefer one big chair but it worked-out fine. It was nice and cool out this evening so we opened our balcony and let the breeze blow-in. We took a nap and then walked to Ralphs  literally across the street  and got some deli sandwiches (good) and soda. Ralphs also sells wine, chips, grocery items, etc but they are quite expensive. We paid $14 for two sandwiches, a yogurt for breakfast the next morning ($3.99 just for that) and a fountain soda. It was worth it for the convenience to the hotel. Ralphs is open until 2am, btw. We slept well, no noise, despite the area. The ice machine was just one floor down, no problem. There is obvious remodeling going on in the hotel because you could see some of it marked off and smell the new paint but it did nothing to dampen our stay. Our wake-up call came on time and we were showered and dressed and out the door by 6:00 am. Hubby checked us out in no time. We had no charges as we had prepaid and not used the Internet or purchased anything. They put a $50 hold on a credit card but released it later. The morning of Sept 20th we had an incredibly friendly concierge (dark hair) who went out of his way to help us get a ride to the Amtrak station to catch the train to Vancouver  he actually got us a very nice ride to the station for $10 flat. Good deal. Nice concierge, great driver, all was well. Would we stay here again? For the location, price, and convenience sure. There were A LOT of goods that far outweighed one bad. The concierge from Sept 19th, however, has a lot to learn this was probably the worst hotel we stayed at on our 20-night vacation and was by far well below the standards we are used too  we have had much better service all over the world - just because we were wearing jeans and shirts does not mean we dont deserve the same respect as your older business travelers in suits.