Everytime I read reviews here, for wherever I travel, I hear horror stories and get a little worried and then when I get there I think "What was all the complaining about???' We travelled from Vancouver to Seattle by car with our 7 year old son. WE got room 609 which worried me as it was by the elevators but that was not a problem. We had a room on the 6th floor and although they assured me over the phone (while I reserved,) that it was a NON VIEW room (we paid a very reasonable price and were expecting nothing) we had a view of the Space Needle (wee photo from our room)! While we reserved over the phone they guy on the line said "You are aware this is a non view room???" IF that was a non view room, Im impressed! WE loved looking at the space needle at night. Cool! The room was moderately decorated and very clean. Lots of pillows! Carpets looked brand new. Bathroom was standard and had a kick-butt blowdryer for my long hair. A few hotels near the Warwick were double the price per night and I imagine they were top of the line. This place was great for what we needed it for. The beds were a little soft for my back but the place was spotless and comfy. The noise. Ok, so you are in Seattle in the middle of the city. You will hear sirens, trucks etc. Bring earplugs and you will be just fine. If you are not a light sleeper, the noises are not that bad. If you want complete quiet, go camping in a forest. The location was great. We walked everywhere (with our 7 year old)....the space needle, the market, shopping..... and he never complained that it was "too far". The location of the Warwick is great. The restaurant in the hotel was pricey but good for breakfast. There is a funky deli/market across the street where were would get drinks and cool pastries from. We enjoyed the pool. Again, the complaints on here are silly. You want an olympic sized pool in the heart of Seattle? The pool was nice and warm and clean and I could stay in the hot tub while my son swam because they were adjacent. It was a nice place to go unwind after a day of sightseeing. IF you need to do some hard core laps then it would be too small but for a soak and a small swim it is great. The gym was small too but it was being used and the people in it were sweating and getting a work out. We didnt like that we had to pay $27 a day for parking. That, in my opinion, made the hotel more expensive than they told us it would be. Wondering if all hotels charge for parking?? Liked the free internet in the lobby computer room to quickly check my emails post of facebook :) I would definatley stay at the Warwick again. They just need harder beds for my liking but otherwise it was fantastic. If you are going to the space needle, go to Zeeks Pizza, it was to die for! I love Seattle