After reading recent reviews including the problems w/ the security officer, I expected less. But I got a Deluxe room via "Best Rate Guaranteed" on the hotel website warwickwa.com and also felt I got the best value for money out of rooms available for Seafair 2011. I also asked for a view of the Space Needle. Also told the hotel I did not want but needed a non-smoking room due to allergies and that my bag I dropped off early in my day please be in my room. Got Room #1107 with the stuff in my room I needed, good work Warwick team! Got to the hotel at about 5:30. Room was very clean, curtains & door to mini-balcony worked very well. View was just spectacular from the room. However, important to note - the Warwick puts a $50 hold on your card for incidentials. I objected and got locked out of the TV, internet & minibar. Not that I care for the minibar and decided that a netbook was just too heavy to haul around versus a complimentary business center in the hotel to check e-mail, but would have been nice to check KING & KIRO when I got up to see the weather report for Seafair. Did though appreciate the complimentary Wolfgang Puck coffee & AC outlet for my camera battery charger. You'll see that in one of the pictures I submitted to this review. Also reserved through the hotel website and a few clicks a seat at breakfast at the hotel restaurant Brasserie Margaux. The country breakfast was great value for money and helped me power through a hot and happily loud Seafair Saturday. Oh and a word about Seattle and transportation... I am disabled w/o enough income for taxis to chaffeur me around everywhere without some mass transit help. On that note: I walked about 3 blocks 4th & Pine for a great conduit at the Westlake Sound Transit light rail station to major attractions like King Street Station, the stadiums, SeaTac Airport, the Museum of Flight, & the next Seafair in 2012. You may need a taxi connection from the light rail conduit - I would recommend Yellow Cab of Seattle (Warwick has the #) or if you have street addresses instead of just destinations then Sitia may work out as well as a backup. Overall, the hotel did very good. Especially the concierge, front desk & restaurant. I am already mentally planning the next trip with this as the hotel.