We selected the hotel based on the criteria that I was traveling with 2 12-year-old-girls who "wanted an indoor pool and to be close to Seattle Center and Pike Market." This narrowed the field, so we chose Warwick. Based on other reviews, I wasn't sure how the hotel would hold up to our expectations; happily, it did. I gave it a "5" because, for the price, there is absolutely nothing more I could have asked for or expected. We arrived in the city by car (crystal clear directions and super easy to get to hotel from I-5 - being a country girl, I'm a little nervous driving my stick shift on Seattle's crowded streets and hills) at 12:30pm. Called the desk from the garage to see if we could check in - No, not yet, but the room would be available at 1:30pm, but we could stay parked in the garage. - Great - At check in a while later the clerk was quick, polite and offered us a map of downtown, some attractions literature and a coupon to Macy's. Another employee walking by, recognized our name (he's the guy I spoke with earlier) and welcomed us and told us he had us in a nice room. Sure enough! when we got to the 14th floor, we had a killer view of the space needle dead in front of us, Lake Washington was off to the right and the Sound off to the left - wow, nice view from our little Juliette balcony! We were in a double/double and if was furnished nicely and clean. And gobs of pillows! - nice touch! After exploring the malls, market and the city, we headed to the pool. While it is true that it is small, I liked that about it - not "dungeon - y" at all, like another reviewer mentioned. The hot tub was hot and the pool water warm enough. The next morning the girls wanted to get in another swim and I wanted to get in some cardio. Nicely enough, the exercise room is adjacent to the pool and seperated by an all-glass wall. So I got in my 30 minutes of bike riding, all while being able to keep an eyeball on the girls in the pool - nice! An employee caught the elevator with us on the way out of the pool area in the morning and asked the girls how the pool was, they commented that it was nice and even warmer today than yesterday. The man replied something like - Great, I turned up the heat a bit from yesterday - and off he went into the lobby. It is refreshing to see people care about their jobs. Also, maybe because the hotel is unpretenious and makes you feel welcome, the other guests I spoke with at the pool and weight room were very friendly and seemed to be enjoying their stay, as well. At check out, they allowed us to keep the car in the garage until 5pm...another REALLY nice touch! So the Warwick far exceeded my expectations, especially since I booked in at the AAA rate (104) !! Parking was $27 - which is expected for downtown and I got FULL use of it from 12:30 one day to 5pm the next. While the hotel isn't super upscale, it certainly delivers value for the price.