This is a great hotel with puzzling imperfections. To begin with, the other reviews are on the mark in terms of location, charm, etc. Those features are top notch. So, what's my complaint? For a top-notch hotel for which the bar should be set high for details, the hotel fell short in several puzzling ways. We checked in late at night; the night clerk was competent and helpful. The Guest Service Directory had a dusty cover. No big deal, I thought. The room was nice but with only one coffee cup (but two saucers and two spoons). The coffee quality in the room was excellent but I had to go downstairs to ask for packets of sugar -- two nights in a row. (There was plenty of artificial sweeteners but no regular sugar.) The concierge gave me a handful the second time so I would not have to come back. The coffee maker was only partially cleaned one day (grounds were removed but the carafe was not washed). A dirty saucer was clearly not replaced one day; it still had coffee spillage on it. There was only one drinking glass one night and a glass was visibly cracked on a different day. There was a bedside lamp in which the light socket had come apart. That did not pose acute danger because the exposed wires were insulated and the switch was on the cord so the socket did not need to be touched. Perhaps the most annoying (minor) problems were with the shower/bath. The stopper -- the type where you just push down to toggle between close and open -- was very unresponsive and difficult to close. Equally inconvenient was the way the shower curtains were set up. There are two adjacent parallel shower curtain rods. I believe the inner bar is for the main curtain and the outer bar for the "decorative" outer curtains. In our bathroom, both curtains were on the same (outer) rod which meant that the edge of the inner curtain could not be placed near the wall because the outer curtain's (which was split into two pieces) hangers took up the space on the curtain rod closest to the wall. The inner curtain rod was not being used at all. Sorry for the convoluted explanation but the bottom line is that the inner curtain would not close against the wall so it was difficult to keep the water from splashing out of the shower. The bottom line: these are problems that we might be tempted to tolerate at a cheap motel but, perhaps, not even then. Inn at the Market should pay more attention to such details before I can give an unqualified endorsement to an otherwise excellent hotel.