Sadly I was only in Seattle one night - I had never been to the city before so I wanted to stay somewhere that was in the middle of things, that way I could see as much I as could in the short time I was there. The Inn at the Market has a great location - right at Pike's Place Market and surrounded by great places to eat and very close to LOTS of shopping (which makes every girl happy :) ) The room was very clean, the bed was SOOOO comfortable, and the people in the hotel couldn't have been nicer. I did the valet parking (work was paying, so why not?) which wasn't much more than the nearby lots and very convenient - so even if I was paying for it I would have done it. When I needed my car I just called down to the lobby a few minutes before I planned to leave and my car was waiting right there for me when I came downstairs. When you first walk in, the lobby is very warm and inviting. Any and all questions I had were answered by the people working the desk and they were extremely helpful. I had a light lunch at (what I think was called) the Pear Deli around the corner. It was just a cute little deli with a couple of little tables and my sandwich was awesome. For dinner that night I went over to the restaurant across the street (whose name escapes me - but the guy at the front desk recommended) and it was amazing. I took a nice long walk all through the market and then up towards the center of town where there were lots of cool shops and cool people. After having a great meal and a nice stroll I came back to my room to see that my bed had been turned down, complete with chocolates (not on the pillow, but on the desk next to the bed lol) I had to do some work (Which is why I was there in the first place - Boo!) but when I was finally able to go to bed, the bed couldn't have been more comfortable. Slept great, got out on time to go to my meeting and then was off to the airport. If/when I go to Seattle again (I hope it's more a question of 'when' since I would have loved to explore the city for more than a couple of hours) I would absolutely stay at the Inn at the Market.