This was our first trip to Seattle. We came a day early for our Alaskan cruise. We picked the Inn at the Market from pictures and reviews on the internet, as well as its close proximity to the Pike Place Market. We were very impressed with our first impression of the Inn at the Market. The great view of the main entrance of the Pike Place Market, the attractive garden courtyard, and the sleek style of the front lobby. Landon met us at our cab and took custody of all of our bags. We met Noelle at the front counter. Although we were early for our check in time, she took our cell phone number to let us know when our room was ready. We were both incredibly impressed with her extremely friendly attitude and helpful manner. You could tell that she was just a genuinely nice person, and that she wasn't just being polite because it was an obligation for her position. Landon was very professional as well, introduced himself further at the check in desk, and arranged for our bags to be stored so we could begin to see Seattle. When we returned a little while later, we were pleasantly surprised to learn that we had been upgraded to a two story townhouse suite. The room was lovely, and had a stunning city view of the corner of Pine and 1st St. (great for people watching!!). I don't recall the name of the bellhop who brought our luggage to our room, but he was extremely polite and helpful as well. He filled our ice bucket before leaving. We were actually SAD that we had to leave the next day to go on our cruise!! Both Seattle and the Inn at the Market greatly exceeded our expectations. We hope to return soon, and will plan to stay at the Inn at the Market again. I would recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Seattle. It is located right at the entrance to Pike Place Market. The market is interesting, a wonderful place to pick up some handmade souvenirs by local artists, and a terrific place to try different ethnic foods. Within walking distance - The first Starbucks, The Seattle Aquarium, The Westlake Center Mall, a major bus / train stop (at the mall), Piroshky Piroshky (Russian pastries at the market), Pike Place Chowder (at the market), Le Panier (French pastries at the market). A helpful hint: You can take the train to and from Sea-Tac Airport for $2.50 a person one way. Much cheaper than the $45 fare from the airport or the $35 fare to the airport. It is really easy to use too... just go to the bottom floor of the mall. You can also catch the monorail from the top floor of the mall... we did not take this, but you can go to the Space Needle using this (cheaper than a taxi also). .