To celebrate a recent special occasion, I decided to treat myself to a pampering stay at our neighbor, the Inn at the Market. The day of my reservation, December 1st, turned out to be a beautiful Seattle winter day. There was hardly a cloud in the sky as I pulled up to the valet stand for the Inn, several hours early for my check-in time. I was planning to have lunch nearby with my mother before checking in and didnt want to bother with finding street parking before I could have my car parked in the hotel lot. John, the valet, was happy to take my car for me. The front desk was incredibly accommodating as well, allowing me to check in early and letting me upgrade into a better room. Since I had never stayed in the hotel before, I had no real idea what to expect, aside from some of the pleasant looking pictures on their website. I received my room key and headed upstairs. (As a note, there was always an elevator open and waiting for me every time I entered the lobby!) I opened the door to a nice, spacious room. It was clean and bright and brightly lit by the afternoon sunlight despite all the curtains being drawn. I was in a bit of a hurry to meet my mother for lunch down the street, so I set my belongings down and went to head out the door. Before I left, I thought to myself, I cant really leave without taking a glance at the view, can I? I walked back across the room to pull the curtains aside and involuntarily gasped. The view was stunning and was coupled with a private patio that was almost as large as the room itself! Now, those who know me are familiar with my great love for Seattle and both its natural and man-made beauty. To be on that patio, standing over Elliott Bay with the embracing cityscape of the Emerald city surrounding me, was invigorating. After a moment of appreciation, I turned back into the room and noticed out of the corner of my eye four delicate cupcakes and hand-written card acknowledging my special occasion. An excellent touch. After lunch, some friends joined me in the room for some sparkling wine and conversation for a couple hours before dinner (dining out is my favorite way to celebrate). The hotel was quick to provide some extra glasses for our festivities and brought them up nearly in the time it took to open the bottle! The night was wonderful. It was so pleasant to wake up in their luxurious bed to another clear winter day beaming in through the windows and through the patio doors. A couple very relaxing hours of lazing around and I called down to the front desk to alert them that I would soon be ready for my car (as they had asked). After returning my keys I walked out the lobby of the hotel to see my car already waiting for me. Soon after returning home I realized that I had misplaced couple items. When I came back to the restaurant the next day I stopped by to inquire with the front desk if I had left them there. Sure enough, they had them set aside to return to me. All in all, I couldnt have asked for a better downtown Seattle experience to celebrate.