We traveled to Seattle for a fun weekend and stayed at the Inn at the Market. We booked our room via an Alaska Airlines Vacation Package. The package deal provided a free night (equating to a nearly $300 savings). The key elements of this hotel are the location and staff. The rooms are fine (not remarkable) but they are plenty clean and comfortable. We highly recommend staying here via a package deal to save some money. LOCATION: The hotel's location is tough to beat. It is literally right across the street from Pike Place Market and the original Starbucks. It is within a short walk to key Seattle downtown sites (Space Needle, Pioneer Square) and in our case we didn't have a car. Valet parking at the hotel runs about $30 a day. ROOMS: Our room had a partial view of the water (which really added a lot to the experience and reduced noise compared to the city-only view rooms). They were pretty new and felt clean but did not exude luxury. The bed utilized a foam-based mattress (but was comfortable) and the sitting area was small but nice. Overall the room was the least memorable aspect of the stay but clearly not a reason to not book at this hotel. SERVICES: This hotel has an exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. From the moment we arrived (they set us up with an early check-in), to great food suggestions and a kind valet service we felt like service was king here. They provide a free choice of newspapers delivered to your room (Seattle Times, NY Times or WSJ), the hotel has a free shoe-shine service and they provided taxis and other needs without hesitation. The restaurant (which is connected but not affiliated) was good for breakfast but a bit expensive - it ran $40/couple. If you are willing to walk a little there are bagel shops and other food opportunities at reduced rates in the area. The wireless Internet was reliable and fast/free. OVERALL: Overall we would stay here again. We found rates to be a bit high through their website but would attempt to stay via a package deal. We would highly suggest attempting to obtain a view room (water view) and possibly eating at non-affiliated restaurants to save money. If you want a weekend location where you can walk to everything, have a clean and comfortable room with outstanding service this hotel will work well.