THE BAD :-( Temperpedic bed is super hard. (you can see multiple reviews of it online) And I mean hard, not firm. If you like any softness with your bed you will not be comfortable. Personally Im surprised a hotel would go for such a specialty mattress in every room because this is clearly a mattress that is designed more for a specific group of people with back problems, etc. then the general public. Basically its the type of mattress youll either love or hate with no in-between. There were super hard pillows the 1st night too, but the 2nd night regular pillows appeared after the room was cleaned, which was nice. And the bed linen/comforter itself was very nice and warm. This a tiny hotel so unable to do laundry on certain days which was inconvenient for us(unable to do on Saturday after 9am or Sundays) View from 3rd floor was a view of a wall 5 feet away. But if you arent planning to spend a lot of time in the room (otherwise try to get a room on at least 4th floor) Some rooms dont have bathtubs and they should tell you before assigning that room to you. Between entering the hotel and getting to room had to tip 3 different people. (but they were very nice) Sink in bathroom was extremely dirty at check-in; it cleaned easily so not sure why it was so filthy; tiny shower head; and bathtub space is tiny (again, not sure why since the hotel room itself was quite large and there bathroom area is actually a decent size) Taking a shower is an exercise in fighting off the shower curtain and not falling out of the tub. And I'm not a big person but it was like the size of the tub was tiny for some reason. Lighting in room is too dark for reading (bathroom had decent light) No on-site gym; have to pay $15/day to use city gym a few blocks away Limited TV. channels (I could be spoiled though since Im use to hotels having flat screens and lots of HD channels/movie channels); they had the basicsCNN, ESPN, and local I find it annoying when housekeeping calls to ask about servicing your room when you clearly have a do-not-disturb sign up. It little things that make a hotel 4 vs. 3 stars. Ie>Just invest in we tried to service your room signs and slip it under the door. Ill get the message without you annoying me every single day when I clearly asked not to be disturbed. ----------------------------------------------------- THE GOOD :-) Free internet (always a big plus!) and it was fast wireless. Spacious room and bedroom area was clean; lots of space in closet Provided decent robes; iron/board Overall staff was very friendly and helpful. Refrigerator in room was nice for storage of food from Pike Place (and you will end up with something with all the meats, cheeses, etc) Room service was fast and prices arent crazy. It's the restaurant menu but okay. Had minibar products in room; lots of snacks Bar service in Campagne was excellent with very friendly and professional bartenders Had room opening to cute courtyard but only heard loud noise once; much quieter than anticipated which was great. Doors should have chain/deadbolt on top since they open to outside though. (one turn lock didn't feel secure) 5th floor rooftop is a great place to get a view of the city day or night. I appreciated it was open 24/7 just to go up and view the city/water. Air/heat control in room was great You could throw a rock and hit Pike Place Market, fantastic location (which is their best feature) It's a cute little open style hotel and you don't dread going 'home' at the end of the day which is nice. ------------------------------------------------------------------- OVERALL Overall this is not a 4 star hotel, but definitely a very nice solid 3 star and I would stay again due to location if the rate were under $200. (Even with the bed which I really didnt like but could tolerate.) But to be honest, if I wanted true 4 or 5 star experience with the same great location, great service, gorgeous rooms, great staff, etc. I would stay at the new Four Seasons one block away again. Its still directly next to Pike Place Market but a much higher value for my money. (I dont regret trying the Market at all, I wanted to see what it was like, but it would definitely be my second choice just due to the 'small' things.)