We just returned from a 3 week trip to the Northwest and Alaska. The Inn at the Market was the first hotel we stayed at. It still stands out as a hotel that I would recommend to friends going to Seattle. I booked this hotel directly and immediately had the feeling I would be happy there. The girl on the other end of the line could not have been more friendly or willing to please. When we arrived we were quickly taken up to our room and famiiarized with what the room had to offer. We had booked a two story suite which was perfect for my husband, myself and daughter. We all had our privacy and my daughter had a separate tv and pull out couch that was made up immediately on request. We all had the same great view of the water and the public market. The hotel has a lovely patio that overlooks the water. It is raised so provides a wonderful view. My daughter and I went out there after dinner and had a wonderful relaxing chat about our day before going upstairs to bed. The only negative would be that there is only one bathroom and it is upstairs (and the stairs would not be good for someone handicapped although my husband struggles with walking because of car accident and he had no complaints) so if you aren't a good sharer and you are traveling with more then your spouse/friend take this into consideration. We had friends come in from Vancouver the last night of our stay and the hotel was very good about finding us last minute reservations for five to accomodate their arrival time. I will say that we were very lucky weatherwise and that on foggy, drizzly or rainy days that our impressions might not have been quite so good but that would not be the hotel's fault. I have also read other reviews from fellow travelers that did not give the hotel high marks for rooms with city views because of noise. However, I always think you get what you pay for. One other big plus for this hotel is its proximity to the Public Market. It is literally a two minute walk. Bingo! and if you are a Starbucks fan the original store is about a 4 minute walk......