The valet parking is helpful, but as you can expect downtown, it was pricey($24/night, i think). The lobby is modest but comfortable - you'll note that there are no pictures of the lobby on the website, because it's not much of a selling point. The courtyard, however, was quaint and quite pleasant. The fountain is relaxing, and the brick facade with the hanging ivy is a beautiful entry. I had a courtyard view room at the 4th floor, which has no view of Elliot Bay. I think you need to be at the 6th or higher for a bay view. The room was enormous and comfortable, and the bathroom is spacious. The ceilings were high, as expected of an older building. The bed was a king size Tempurpedic, as advertised. If you've never slept in a Tempurpedic, I must say that it is similar to an Asian hotel experience - the bed seems very hard at first, but gradually (slowly) forms to your shape, for a rested sleep - it just doesn't seem like it at first! The restaurant, Campagne, is an excellent (though smallish) French style restaurant, with a good wine selection, particularly the dessert wines (if there's any remaining, try the Cuvee Boytrytis-amazing!). Room service is offered from here, and I can only assume the experience will be as nice. There is a small coffee shop with morning bakery, and that was a delight first thing in the morning. The morning paper was at the door, and although the offerings included the New York Times and Wall Street Journal, I opted for the local paper. In-room wireless internet was complimentary, and signal strength in the room was fine. The location is simply wonderful, literally across the street from Post Alley and well-known pub Kell's, and (in my opinion) a better, local favorite White Horse Pub - DO stop in and give this gem a try! As you can see from the pictures, the Public Market is at your doorstep, and the rooftop terrace has a spectacular view (lacking in most of the rooms). I wish I had a full day to appreciate the rooftop deck, because it was delightful first thing in the morning (again, I refer to the pictures). The energy in the area is wonderful, and you are walking distance to much that Seattle offers. Again, the Market, the hill climb, the Aquarium, Ivar's (a must for Seattle), are all a few minutes of downhill stroll (long enough to enjoy a latte on the way!) All in all, The Inn at the Market is all about location, with a nice boutique feel. You can find something more comfortable, lower cost, better appointed, better restaurant, etc etc... but it is unlikely that you can find ALL these in one hotel for the price.