It was great to stay so close to the market, with all the shops, restaurants, and food purveyors in easy walking distance. The hotel was very stylishly decorated, and the lobby area had just been redone (still smelled slightly of paint). Our room was unexpectedly large, and so was the bathroom. It seemed a bit of a waste of space to have such a large bathroom but only have a regular size tub with in-tub shower (and the shower head was not on a hose, which I missed). Still, it was trendily decorated in the Pottery Barn style, and clean and quite comfortable. Our room overlooked the harbor, which was great and made it a bit quieter. The amenities, comfort, style, and location made it a great place to explore Seattle from. The staff could use some work in terms of turning this into a top-notch service hotel. Two examples: 1) The first night we arrived late (10pm) and asked about places we could get a bite to eat. First, the (young) man behind the desk recommended their own restaurant for desserts. I then asked if there were any nearby tapas places (and I pronounced it in correct Spanish "tah-pahs" rather than "taa-paas"). He just stared at me for a moment, then said there were a couple of places just down the street. Turns out, he was directing me to two strip clubs (he thought I said "topless"). I am a 46 year old woman, and was with my husband. Seems pretty unlikely that I would be asking about topless bars, and he must have thought that or he wouldn't have stared so. Didn't it occur to him to ask me to repeat myself, or to look puzzled and ask me to describe the type of place I was looking for? Inexperience, I guess. After wandering up and down the street, and seeing The Lusty Lady and Showgirls, but no tapas restaurants, my husband and I did get a big laugh. 2) There is no place to park near the hotel--you have to use their valet parking, where you drop your car off right in front of the hotel. The second night we were there, the street in front of the hotel was closed and we couldn't get to the valet area. We drove around for 15 minutes, trying to find a different way in. We finally had to move some police barriers on another street and sneak in to get in front of the hotel. The desk was apologetic, but shrugged it off. And it must happen regularly--in the morning it was clear that the street was closed due to bigger happenings at the market on a Saturday. How difficult would it have been for the hotel to move its little valet parking sign and the valets and have the guests drop their cars off at the corner, 30 feet away? These are minor glitches, but for $300+ a night, you expect a hotel to work these sorts of kinks out of the system. Other than that, we had a nice time.