My boyfriend and I stayed here this past weekend in a standard with shared bathrooms and actually found it quite suitable. The early complaints about the windows not having any privacy have been resolved; they've added shades to the windows. The weather was mild so we didn't get a chance to try out the heating, but the air conditioning works well. As far as the noise goes, we stayed in a room 114 and slept fine--but even if noise is a concern, they provide ear plugs for your convenience. The room does come with a Kama Sutra book and condoms, laid ever so complacently by the bed. The room came equipped with a sink, a mirror above it that tells you you're beautiful, a hand soap dispenser, a vanity bar area with a tall mirror, a small desk with a small TV and an alarm clock, 5 hangers, 2 of which were occupied with bath robes, and towels. There's also a very modest snack bar (basically snacks inside a drawer) that you could grab for a price. The bathrooms were clean and come with a heater. Music plays softly through the speakers in the bathroom too. We stayed across the hall from the bathrooms so that was quite convenient for us. The kitchen/lounge area has an HD TV, serves Teaosophy tea and coffee, has a vending machine with very interesting items in there (i.e. Korean Pocky, popcorn, a deck of cards, caffine gum, hangover drink mix, and the standard potato chip fare, just to name a few), a drink machine next to it that has Aranciata (but we have NO idea how the vending itself works! There are no coin slots or buttons ...), and of course ice. Continental breakfast was great--includes milk, soy milk, OJ, granola, toast, and fruit. Light, healthy but quality selection. The staff was very friendly and helpful; we'd asked so much of them (i.e. storing the salmon we'd bought in their fridge, holding our luggage while we went sightseeing on the last day, calling us a cab late at night ... and more!) and they were very willing to accommodate accordingly. Overall, our stay was pleasant. The only complaint I could muster up was that the room was stuffy when the AC wasn't turned on, but that's quite minor. Yes, the mattress isn't memory foam or soft for that matter, and yes the blankets are coarse and Army surplus blankets, but quite honestly, for a place considered a 2 star hotel and for a 99 dollar a night stay, I wasn't expecting down comforters and memory foam mattresses (and am glad they don't have it as I am allergic to down), and I don't think anyone else should either. I'd choose this over the shabby, impersonal one star motels any day. We definitely would consider this hotel the next time we visit.