We have just returned from rainy Seattle, staying at the Ace Hotel in the Belltown area of the city. My husband and I were among the oldest guests of the hotel, by several years, but we never felt uncomfortable or unwelcome. Justin was so helpful when I called BEFORE our stay, recommending Dollar rental cars as they not only give discounts to Ace guests but also waive the fee for returning the car to the airport instead of the pickup site. (Both John and Jessica at Dollar were extremely nice too!).This arrangement allowed us to travel down to family in Gig Harbor and then use the car to return to the airport the next day. Justin also informed us that we would most likely have to change rooms on the last night of our 3 night stay, due to a snafu with our hotel.com reservation. Once at the Ace, we were warmly welcomed by Jibriil who showed us our room on the lower level. I was a bit surprised as Hotels.com had "guaranteed" a king size bed and we had a double. I asked Jabriil about the mixup (never having booked through hotels.com before) and he explained that there must have been an overlap in the booking. The room and bed were comfortable and a decent size with a large clean bathroom. I'm not that high maintenance, but do like to read at night, but there was no reading lamp in the room, just overhead recessed lighting. Jabriil came to my rescue with a small reading lamp and extra pillows. All were clean-pillows obviously sprayed with lysol between uses-but no biggie. The only thing missing in that room was a place to hang clothes and a couple more hangers. On the last night we did indeed have to move to a smaller room. Same size bed, smaller bathroom-a bit noisier as it was next to the stairwell. Still, we were quite comfortable and slept well. So the plusses: Justin and Jibriil-definitely they are the nicest guys, unpretentious , friendly, helpful. The location in Belltown is in the heart of all the under 30 hipness, but we over 30's , un-inked, non-smokers did not feel too out of place! The minuses: booking through hotels.com (I'm not sure the price of the rooms through them were the same as if we had booked directly through the hotel) and having to switch rooms. We would stay here again, but next time book directly through the hotel and request the rooms with larger beds. Still, it truly is the people who make the difference. Kudos to the staff at the Ace!