Spent 2 nights at the Crowne Plaza. Got a really good corporate rate and the room included free wifi and breakfast. As I understand it, compared to the Sheraton and Westin, the Crowne Plaza's rates are far more competitive. A taxi to/from the airport will cost you $39. If you feel like spoiling yourself or are in a group of more than 3, you can opt for a stretch limo for $45. The biggest plus is the location. Minutes walking distance from everything - Pacific Place, Pike Market, Nordstrom, Macy's, Louis Vitton, Gucci, Loft, Art galleries and restaurants. Simply walk to your left when exiting the hotel down Seneca and turn right on 5th Avenue. The Sheraton and Westin are slightly closer but you are only shaving off a couple of minutes. The front desk will supply a walking map. The front desk and concierge was very helpful with directions and suggestions on where to go, shop, etc. The hotel from the lobby, elevators, hallways and rooms are spotlessly clean. Housekeeping is very quiet and courteous. I had left a few personal care items at home and the front desk sent to my room right away. I had a Deluxe King Room on a high floor. Very spacious and great view. The bed was comfy, linens were crisp and bathroom was spotless. I'm not a huge fan of the Crowne Plaza chain's Renu soaps and toiletries, but that's just me. Much better than what Sheraton hotels offer in general, but nothing exceptional. I usually take my own anyway. The breakfast buffet was simple: omelette and waffle station, cereals, baked goods, fruit, meat and potatoes, pancakes, French toast. I was very satisfied with my omelette. If you are looking for a gourmet breakfast, then this is not the place for you. However, is you are looking for something simple with a few options, this is fine. I will stay here again. In terms of rating, I would give this a very high 3.5 - or 4 star, only losing points for not having a spa and gourmet dining. If you dont need a spa or gourmet food, the Crowne Plaza is exceptional.