I was in town for a convention and stayed here at the convention's recommendation. This property is very tall, but pretty small. The lobby area is pretty small and the guest room halls are tiny. Fortunately, our room was at the end of the hallway, but there are rooms that are DIRECTLY across from the elevator, so be mindful to ask for a room away from them or else you'll hear all 6 elevators running all night long. The property is in very nice condition and my room was very nice. I was on the 21st floor with a nice view over the city (including freeway). The room was very quiet - in fact, I was worried that the noise from my TV would disturb the neighbors. The rate that I booked was very fair ($92) and I feel that was the right value for this property. The convention center is only 3 blocks away, but be forewarned that it's downhill from the hotel, so at night when your feet are tired, you'll be trudging UP the hill. The surrounding location (like any big city) is hit or miss. My only real concern was that the YWCA is on the same short block, so there were women who looked pretty strung out and homeless chain smoking on the curb late into the night. They never asked for money or made me feel unsafe, but for what it's worth, it's not a great idea for ladies to venture alone late at night. The YMCA is only a block away and the Subway (sandwiches) immediately next door to the hotel attracts a lot of transient people well into the night (I don't know if it's a 24 hr location, but the restaurant was open very late). Again, I wasn't bothered by anyone but it's something to be aware of. The cons, for me, about this property: * no 24 hour doorman or security. I was out late one night and at 2am, there was only one lady working the check in counter and no one else in sight. * no keycard needed to enter hotel - the lobby area is open to the public and even the side entrances don't require keycards. Only the upper "club" floors require keycard access in the elevator, meaning that anyone can walk in off the street into the hotel. I didn't see it happen, but I don't feel safe when hotels don't have a security policy * the Concierge wasn't helpful. I spoke with 2 different concierges (at different times) and neither seemed to know the area well. I was looking for a bagel place and a burger place and neither had any suggestions. One recommended a bakery, which was good but didn't make bagels and the other recommended a chain sports bar for a burger. Both were decent suggestions, but as the Concierge, it's your job to know your city a little better and make recommendations. I took a quick look on Yelp and found the best burger in the city was only a few blocks away (try BOKA). * the Concierge also wasn't familiar with city transportation, so I ended up being recommended to take a taxi to the airport. The taxis are supposed to have a flat rate from downtown of $32 but this property doesn't qualify, so it was $48 + tip to get to SEA-TAC * the in-house restaurant food was just plain bad. I didn't have a room service menu in my room, so I walked down to the restaurant, who then referred me to the bar. Everyone was thoroughly perplexed on how to create a "to go" order (I would have been fine with room delivery, but they said no). Food was done fast, but it was all pre-made stuff (salad dressing from a jar, frozen burger patty, etc.). The price was fair, since I ordered it in the bar ($2 cheaper than the restaurant) but I wouldn't eat there again.