I stayed at this hotel for part of a conference, so I wasn't given a choice of where I stayed. It is a very nice hotel overall, but there are two things that really irked me: 1) The hotel advertises wireless internet access. It costs $9.95/night. I also could not find any open access nearby, even if I sat in the window. The hotel has a self-serve business center, but charges way too much. Beware: you cannot upload files from the computers in the business center. I needed to send a document on my jump drive, and the computer displayed a "blocked" message. 2) The six elevators are VERY slow. You could easily wait ten minutes or more for one to come. You can always take the stairs, but that's not always an option if you're on the 14th floor (I was) or above. Ice machines are located on every other floor; as with soda machines. Soda is $2 for a 20oz bottle. The ice machines are very noisy and are inclosed in a room with a door. There is a large fan next to the door to provide ventilation to the room, which adds to the noise. Due to the size of the hotel, there are very few rooms on each floor. This means that it's very quiet. At almost any hotel, you're going to get some noise. I was pleased that the only thing I heard was one of my roomates snoring. This was easily drowned out by the sleep kit that the hotel provides on the first night. The kit contained ear plugs, an eye mask, a relaxing sounds CD (didn't listen to it), and lavendar spray. Also, the windows are very well insulated, almost no noise or cold came in. The couches in the lobby are very very comfortable; I could have slept on them. The in-house confernece facilities are small, but are very nice. My limited interactions with the hotel staff were pleasant. I didn't need much from them, so I had no reason to speak with them. Extra sheets were delivered within 10 minutes. The hotel guarentees wake up calls within 5 minutes or your stay is free, so you might as well get one. They lived up to their claims. The hotel is within walking distance of many other hotels and downtown attractions. It is only two blocks away from the main bus line. The busses are free inside Downtown Seattle. It is very convienent to hop on a bus and get off in 2 blocks, but the busses don't run this far east, so you have to walk 2 blocks. Getting to the Washington State Convention and Trade Center was very easy thanks to a shortcut pointed out by one of the attendees. I don't know what the name of the building was, but it's the one at 7th & Union. There is an underground retail center where free WiFi was available. Overall, I'd stay in this hotel again. However, if you're planning on seeing Seattle's main attractions, you might want to stay closer to the Seattle Center.