When planning our trip to Seattle, we had originally booked our room at a chain hotel on the other side of town. I was speaking to someone I met through work who had just moved here from Seattle and she recommended the Inn at Queen Anne - we are so glad she did. We got a great rate ($30/night less than the other hotel) and we were closer to all of the attractions that we wanted to visit. The rooms (converted from apartments) are quite large and clean and the staff was extremely nice! I wish I knew the name of the young woman who was working when we checked into the hotel - she was so nice and gave us some really good information about the Queen Anne neighborhood. I have traveled to many large cities and know that quite often, parking is an additional fee. It is at the Inn at Queen Anne as well. We had a car for the first part of our trip and paid $15/night for parking, but had unlimited in and out service. For those readers who have been to NYC, Chicago & DC, you know that this rate is reasonable AND the in and out service is not common. The lot was around the corner and across the street from the hotel (convenient). Later in the trip, we were walking and I saw another downtown hotel was charging $35/night for parking...and I doubt they offered unlimited in and out service. The negatives - 1 - There is no elevator - carrying bags up and down stairs isn't fun, but is tolerable. 2 - If you are someone who wants everything to be pristine and new, this hotel is not for you. My husband and I commented that it reminded us of the apartments we lived in during college or right after college. The carpet (especially on the stairways) is worn, the bathrooms could use a little love (the tubs are nice ceramic, but the tile grout and vanity in our room have both seen better days...however since everything was clean, we didn't care.) 3 - We were offered a room with a view or a quiet room. We opted for the room with the view. The room faces 1st Ave North (a major street) and you can hear buses/cars. If there is an event at Key Arena, you may hear the people as they are leaving. However, as a plus, much like the children's book "Goodnight Moon" I said Good Night Space Needle every night as I drew our window treatments closed. During our next stay, I think I'd opt for a quiet room, which I assume faces the lovely courtyard between buildings. Heating/cooling - Prior to our trip, we noticed that many viewers complained that they had no control of the room temperatures. I always found our room to be a bit drafty. It wasn't until our last evening that I noticed one of the windows wasn't quite shut all the way. Apparently, a previous quest was too warm and opened it a crack. We closed it and were comfortable. Sadly, closing the window did not eliminate the outdoor traffic/pedestrian noise as I'd hoped.