Stayed two nights for a 'girls' weekend' and barely avoided a real disaster; one bed for two friends. The first person I reached at the Inn by phone after examining the website and learning that two bed rooms were the exception, not the norm, was rather unhelpful. She indicated we would just have to take our chances with a run of house room assignment, but that she would note '2 beds requested.' A later conversation with manager Chris reserved a 2 bed room and on check-in that's what we got - a room with a twin and a "queen" bed, although it really looked and slept like a double bed. The rooms are charming, but very old-fashioned. The opening windows are single-paned and unbelievably heavy. They won't stay open by themselves, so need something to shim them up to let in fresh air. While the furnishings and fixtures are relatively new, our bathroom showed signs of poorly repaired water damage. This was a cosmetic drawback, though. Plenty of hot water, fluffy towels, etc. The continental breakfast is very basic - coffee, pastries, toast and juice. The compact breakfast service area in the lobby is quickly overwhelmed if more than 2 or 3 people are getting breakfast, but trays to carry the coffee/pastries upstairs to our own kitchenette and in-room table allowed for an easy 'room service' away from the crowds. The wee kitchenette - 2 burner gas stove, wee fridge and microwave - came in handy there. All very convenient for snacks and drinks - the well-stocked, upscale Metropolitan Market is a block away, as are at least a dozen restaurant choices all within a 2 block radius, so keeping fed and watered is not a problem! The Inn lies just to the west of the Seattle center, a 10 minute walk to the Space Needle and monorail. On offer is a shuttle service to Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square and other downtown sights, but bus service is frequent and convenient as well, plus it's a short taxi ride from almost anywhere downtown. Parking is available on a limited basis in the Inn's small lot about a block away from the property, but at $18/day it seemed a bit pricey. Despite a few drawbacks due to age and configuration of the property, the location is superb for an enjoyable visit to Seattle.