Stayed here for 2 nights. THE GOOD: received the mid-week special price of $69/night for a deluxe queen room. Spotlessly clean. It was en suite, nice deep tub, shower, pretty soaps, shampoo and lotions. A walk in closet, 19" color cable TV, phone w/ free local calls, kitchenette with dishes, pans and silverware, a 2-burner gas stove, microwave, and fridge. You can buy fresh seafood, veggies and flowers at the market and take it "home" for dinner! Table and 2 dining chairs plus a lounge chair. Everything worked. Comfortable queen bed, decent linens. There were 3 large windows that open and a small A/C, plus a ceiling fan. There is a small garden, part of which is covered, nice spot for coffee. There is a small continental breakfast included, beginning at 7:30 AM. Also complimentary wine a couple evenings a week. The room I stayed in on the 3rd floor had a great view of the Space Needle. The building (actually 2 identical buildings connected by a covered walkway) I found charming, glass doorknobs, old fashioned hardware, Tiffany style lights in hallway. The furnishings were more modern, somewhat worn but comfortable, matching colors. All the staff that I spoke to were friendly and helpful. This place is literally 3 blocks from Key Arena which is next to the Seattle Center. It is about a 30 minute walk to Pike Place Market or buses #15 & #18 will take you for $1.25; there is a bus stop across the street and one around the block. There is a Safeway and QVC stores each within 1 block. There is a liquor store practically next door, and a movie theater around the block. Several eateries are steps away. The neighborhood seemed safe to walk about in the evening, plenty of people around and well lighted. THE SO-SO (can't really say anything bad): Parking was an additional $11/day and was across the street and behind the post office. Others have mentioned the option of paying for curbside parking every 2 hours during the day, free at night. The fridge was cold enough to keep milk fresh for a couple days, but not cold enough to freeze ice. The bath towels were on the small side. There was some street noise fairly late I think, but not enough to keep me awake; I imagine the other building would be quieter.