Our group of 4 came into town to climb Mount Rainier with Alpine Ascents Inc. and were looking for a hotel in the Queen Anne district to make logistics easier. AAI recommended The Marqueen - and they were right. A great marble slab stoop leads into this quaint 1900 era establishment. Looking around, you'd almost expect gas lighting to illuminate its curtained hallways. No Marriott cookie cutter, sterile environment here. Immerse yourself in Old town Seattle. large rooms with wooden floors, sound-proof double pane windows and kitchenettes - (fridge, sink, coffee aker and small seating area). The one immersion I could do without is the lack of elevator. However, if you are traveling light & spry of step, the grand staircase is fun to bounce up and down. A nice happy hour with wine and cheese will get you in the mood to relax and socialize in this great little Queen Anne hotel. And the chilled water urn in the lobby on the sideboard is a welcome relief after arriving and checking in. Within the hotel itself is a great coffee shop (Cafe Ladro), no over roasted beans here, they open at 5am, so it made life easier since we like to rise early & get rolling. On the other side of the building is a spa that we didn't have time to make it into, but it got good reviews and smelled divine. Across the street from the Marqueen are several interesting dining choices. Pesco's (Mexican - w/ sloooooooow indifferent service) & Toulouse Petit (Creole). They are owned by the same people yet are as different as salt & peppa. Our favorite was Toulouse Petit & I recommend its HUGE french toast & evening tasting menus. The Space Needle & City Center are an easy walk from this lovely hotel.The staff is very helpful & can recommend fun places to visit and ways to get around as you tour around the area. From hole-in-the-wall to luxury dining and local parks and hopping bars. So ask!! You'll get some great information with your preferences in mind. But walk around, check out the city - so much is to be seen in the immediate area! Enjoy!!