Our family stayed 3 nights in June, 2009 and we got a great deal with internet specials that were much lower than the rates offered by calling the hotel. Our 2 rooms on the 2nd floor were spacious, well appointed, and the special experimental windows in one of our rooms significantly reduced the noise from the busy street below. Several of Seattles finest theaters are within easy walking distance, as are Seattle Center with the Space Needle and the Music Experience. So if you are planning to stay more than one night to enjoy the areas attractions, it would be well worth the effort to check out public transportation and the hotel shuttle schedule to perhaps avoid the cost of bringing a car. Parking expenses can mount quickly. We paid over $40 on a single day that included shopping, touring, dining and the hotels valet service. There is no elevator in the hotel. However the valet-bell man was quick to move our luggage up and down the stairs as needed. The wireless internet worked well most of the time and there are numerous outlets throughout the rooms. The temperature was easy to set and quick to adjust. Our rooms had kitchens with in-room coffee, refrigerators, sinks, microwaves and tables. Water pressure was reasonable and the shower-bathtub faucets, easy to work. Every few days, the hotel hosts a late afternoon wine and hors doeurves reception that includes some very tasty local foods. The continental breakfast is limited, but satisfactory - consisting of yogurt, orange juice, various breads, apples and coffee. There are a number of restaurants, coffee shops and a large grocery store within a short walking distance of the hotel. The front desk staff is very helpful, but the housekeeping service is not thorough or consistent. Our sons room was not made up until very late in the afternoons, conflicting with the time they wanted to dress for evening activities. Management apologized and made an adjustment to our bill at the time we checked out, which is always appreciated. To be fair, we should have brought this to someones attention after the first incident, but we did not expect it to happen twice. If you plan to stay at the Marqueen, be sure to check internet hotel search sites for special rates, leave the please make up room tag on the door, and let the maid know when you expect to return to the room. Also, check out the public transportation options.