My husband and I chose the Marqueen as our wedding hotel in July. After talking with almost every other hotel in seattle, the Marqueen had the best rates for the rooms/amenities (they also run a stay 3 nights, get the 4th free- check out their website for these deals!), excellent location and were amazingly easy to work with. They offered us a small block of rooms without needing a guaranteed %, and being a detail fanatic, I went back and forth with the guest service manager MANY times and he was always super nice. They also left us a bottle of champagne in our room the night of our wedding! Very thoughtful. The rooms are like small apartments- the pictures posted by previous guests are very accurate and we also stayed in room 202 (has a nice view out the front of the hotel onto 1st?). They have a small kitchenette, built in dining space, huge bedroom and a small sitting room. We used 202 as the brides getting ready room, and it housed all the people and comer/goers without ever feeling crammed. The marqueen itself is an older building with great architecture and light, so we also took our 'first sight' pictures here before we headed off to the wedding as bride/groom. What I like most about hotels, once they have the basics down (large room, clean, internet, etc) is the service. And with a bellman to help you the second your car pulls up, and who opens/closes the front doors for you every time you arrive, and the front desk who were very nice... the marqueen adds the extra touch you're looking for! Esp during your wedding weekend. Other details: - Only drawback (for some, but I didnt think so) is that they dont serve breakfast. But you have a kitchenette or Pesos across the street has very yummy breakfasts! - Very close to multiple restaurants on lower queen anne, 2 large grocery stores, a Kits Camera (which came in handy), dry cleaners, Kinkos and 2 starbucks- all within a 4 block radius of the marqueen. - Super clean rooms and the maids were really good about not disturbing all our wedding stuff, yet still organizing the room during service. - They have a downtown shuttle which was awesome (fyi- the marriott on lake union doesnt have a shuttle- we had some guests staying there and overall, were disappointed). - Parking was easy, although we valeted with the hotel most of the time for minimally more. - FREE internet, which also worked well/fast! Hooray. * I didnt notice an elevator for older guests or handicapped, although there might have been one. But they do have rooms on the first floor. Overall, 5 stars and we highly recommend the Marqueen! Enjoy. (I havnt added our own pics, as room 202 was already posted by another reviewer, and we were quite messy in our room! But their pictures are very good and truly show the room as we had it as well)