From the minute the 4 of us arrived at Mayflower Park, we were treated like valued guests. The lobby is beautiful and peaceful, and the front desk staff was very welcoming. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe suite, which had a seating area and 2 bathrooms. This was perfect for 4 ladies traveling together! The location of the hotel could not be more perfect - lots of shopping and restaurants nearby, as well as only 3 blocks down to Pike Place Market. The bellboys and the concierge both gave us great suggestions for places to eat nearby. We even had two meals at Elephant and Castle we liked it so much! Another great suggestion was the Icon Grill. Great shopping in every direction from the hotel, and it is in a very safe area. We took the Light Rail from the airport to Westlake Center, and had no problem finding our way to the hotel. We chose to take a cab (town car, actually) to the airport on our way home, as we were unsure how long it would take us to catch light rail, walk to our airline check-in and get through security. I can't imagine a nicer place to stay in Seattle. The housekeeping staff even came in twice a day, with our beds turned down in the evening. The beds were very comfortable with nice pillows and bedding. We really liked the smaller hotel and felt that the attention to detail was wonderful. The hotel is also very clean, which is important to us. We enjoyed a complimentary wine tasting on Wednesday evening at the hotel, and had lunch one day at Oliver's - the hamburgers were great! Two of us got up really early every day (5:30ish) and walked all around the downtown area. We tried a different coffee shop each morning, and it was so much fun. I can't imagine anyone not being extremely pleased with this hotel - everyone we encountered was very gracious and helpful. The desk clerk even let each of us pay for one night of our stay on our credit cards so we didn't have to split the bill among ourselves! I have traveled a lot, and this hotel surpassed any other place I have stayed, especially in the price range. I kind of hate to give Mayflower Park such a great recommendation because I'm afraid they won't have rooms available if I travel to Seattle again! :)