I stayed here for 5 nights at the June. If you are used to the typical chain hotels, you may be disappointed, However, if you like a hotel with charm, quiet elegance and character, you will enjoy your stay here. Pros: Location (Right across the street from all public transportations, including Light Rail to Seatac airport). Polite & courteous staff (The concierge was particularly helpful) Quiet inside and out. I even had the window open and barely heard any street noise Coffee Machine in room Enough hangers for clothes and plenty of drawer space Alot of lights in the room Free WIFI in the room One of the best ideas I've seen in a hotel room: Electrical outlets all along the baseboards in the room. No problems plugging in all your electronics. Clock radio also had a 'white noise' option, ie: The sound of the ocean, etc. Plus it was MP3 compatible, unlike the iPod-only clock radios found in most boutique hotels these days. Queen Size bed, but very comfortable Cons: Housekeeping: When I got to my room on the first day and was unpacking, I noticed some long, dark hairs in the drawers. I then noticed hairs in the bathroom...all over the floor, on the wall, in the shower. It was pretty disgusting and I almost asked to change rooms. I was hoping that the following day, the hair would be all cleaned up. However, when I returned to the room in the evening, I noticed that the room had not been cleaned at all!!! I did call downstairs for towels, which were brought up promptly. The good news, they did clean the room the following day and the floor, wall and shower hairs were gone too!! Unfortunetly the drawer hairs remained! Closet safe too high up. Hard to see inside when you are under 5'5'' No mini bar or little fridge in room Very strange and awkward location for magnifying mirror in the bathroom. It was positioned right over the toilet. Lousy water pressure and shower The main restaurant Andalucca was closed and my Seattle friends and I had been dying to try it, as it had top reviews. Summary: I would actually rate this hotel 4****, as it was comparible with most 4**** hotels I've stayed at. The price was very fair and you absolutely can't beat the location. The rooms were an average size, as was the bathroom. Ideal for one person, however usually you don't spend much time in the room when you are on vacation! Staying at a historical property is a nice change from all the chain hotels too.