A business trip to Seattle brought me to the Mayflower Park hotel for two nights. Although I had lived in Seattle for much of my life, I'd never noticed the place or (amazingly enough) been to Andaluca or the hotel bar. Overall, this was a fine place to stay; it's a solid downtown hotel. LOCATION The hotel is centrally located, at 4th and Olive. Although I didn't do much sightseeing, it's walking distance from a number of Seattle attractions. Close to the Market, close to the Waterfront, close to Westlake... you get the idea. Mind you, central location does have its occasional downside as well. There's a lot of traffic on the surrounding streets, and I did notice a little traffic noise in my room. It didn't bother me, but if you're sensitive to that, you might want to look elsewhere. ROOMS I stayed in a Deluxe guestroom (a step up from the Classic), which had plenty of room and a nice configuration. There was a large bar area that had the coffee maker and a sink, which was nice to have. The workstation was large and functional, perfect if you need to work on the road. The bathroom was small an unspectacular, but nicely appointed and perfectly functional. I'm not a huge fan of Queen Anne Style (as the hotel describes their decor), but it seemed pretty understated and didn't bother me. There was no noise from other rooms or the hallway, but there was some early-morning street noise. Know your tolerance for traffic noise and plan accordingly. FACILITIES/LOBBY The lobby is small, but nicely appointed. Not much to say about it. Oliver's, the bar, is a good place to have a drink, and always looked inviting when I returned to the hotel. Bar help was friendly and they have Pike Place Ale on tap, always a plus for me. Aside from WiFi, I didn't use the business facilities, so I'm not sure what they're like. There's also a workout room, which I never found time to use. RESTAURANT I ate at the very chic-looking Andaluca the first night I was there and was very pleased. I sat at the small bar in the restaurant and got great service. If you like shellfish, don't miss the baked mussels; they were stunningly good, and went really well with a glass of Spanish bubbly. I wanted to go back the second night but had already made other dinner plans. I'll go back when I get the chance. STAFF Hotel staff was helpful and tolerant of my questions and occasional mishaps (like losing my room key). I'd describe the help as professional if slightly aloof in some instances -- not a problem for me, but don't expect to be overwhelmed by warmth. Bar and restaurant staff were professional, attentive, and friendly. SUMMARY If you're looking for a decent hotel in a great downtown location, this should fit the bill. The restaurant and bar are the strong points, although everything was certainly better-than-acceptable. For a two-night business trip, the location and amenities were just what I needed, and the stay was uneventful. I'd rate it at the lower end of "above average"