We stayed at the Mayflower Park hotel before departing on an Alaskan cruise and couldn't have been more pleased. We felt absolutely spoiled here--we had a lovely and spacious corner room with a view of the space needle (didn't even request it--lucky us!). This historic hotel's renovations were incredible. The bed linens were top quality, carpets were imaculate, wet bar area was a wonderful surprise and there must have been 4 sets of windows in the room at least. The marble bath was fantastic, as were the toiletries and the lighting. The staff was very helpful from the moment we stepped on the sidewalk until they loaded our bags in the cab the next day. Our only regret was that we didn't stay longer. We discovered in our room directory, a welcome pass to Macys with a percent off coupon, for being visitors to Seattle. We arrived from a very long flight and were exhausted but with limited time in Seattle we forced ourselves to get out of our comfy room to see the sights of Seattle. We were maybe 4 blocks from Pike Place Market, just around the corner from a mall, several restaurants, across the street from Macy's and maybe 6-10 blocks from the Space Needle. There is only one or two small elevators, but in a historic hotel, I had no problem--we maybe waited 2-3 minutes for a ride. We must have passed 3 Starbucks just on the short walk to Gordon Biersch brew pub (wonderful views of Seattle, great food and muted lighting were perfect after a long day of travel). We slept like rocks on our comfier-than-home bed and awoke very early the next morning (still being on eastern time) and luckily that worked in our favor. We grabbed a cuppa joe at (of course) Starbucks and walked down to Pike Place and watched the flower markets and food markets open and get ready for the day. We walked behind the marketplace to see the sound in the morning and then tucked back in to Pike to one of the best diners, The Atheneum. We ate a hearty breakfast for about $6 each with coffee/juice. The inside felt like a classic seaside diner with a counter and several (full) booths. Great views of the sound from the windows and very friendly staff. Just let us take our time to relax and enjoy the view and food--no rushing. We walked through a few shops and headed back to the room a few hours later to check out. As we were checking out the doorman arranged a cab, and hauled our bags for us. Cannot say enough nice things about Seattle or this hotel. A great city, clean, friendly laid back people and great weather. One thing we didn't take advantage of was the hotel restaurant or room service. The food smelled fantastic though.