We spent four nights at the Mayflower in February 2007. We understand that the hotel was close to being torn down when it was rescued and completely renovated by a local group. It is now an independently-owned hotel in the style of upscale classic city hotels, entirely non-smoking and in the heart of downtown Seattle within several blocks of Pikes Market. For those who shop, it is convenient to major chain stores (Macys, Nordstrom etc), and opens directly from the lobby into Westlake Center (an indoor multi-story shopping mall). Room costs vary and one can find bargain rates via the internet as we did. Our room had two queen beds, a large desk with drawers for clothing, an armoire with TV above and more drawers below, a coffee maker (with regular and decaf coffee and tea provided). There was no mini-fridge  though we did not ask to see if one might be provided on request. The bathroom had a tub/shower and single sink, with 3 sets of thick towels (for two people). The dcor was tasteful and attractive  dark wood Chippendale-style furniture in excellent condition, tasteful carpeting and drapes. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. I communicated with one concierge by email and phone and she responded quickly and fully to my questions about transportation from the airport. The concierge on duty during our stay responded to our queries with enthusiasm  calling a place we asked about visiting to make sure they would be open, making dinner reservations on our behalf, recommending another excellent restaurant and suggesting a theatre performance that we thoroughly enjoyed. Transportation from the airport is available by taxi, shuttle, and Grayline hotel bus. The latter is by far the least expensive for one person traveling alone (less than half of the shuttle cost, and about a third of the taxi fare) but stops at the Westin Hotel which is a short 1.5 blocks from the Mayflower Park. The short walk is slightly uphill and is very easy with a small roll-on suitcase. The hotel has its own parking garage on site. The hotel has an attractive bar and a restaurant, but no souvenir or other shop. For toiletries and the like, there is a drugstore a half block away from the Mayflower Park. For other items, there is the small but well-stocked gourmet Ralphs Grocery & Deli about two blocks away from the hotel on 4th Avenue. Ralphs has a good selection of local Washington state and other wines, cold beer, and makes sandwiches to order as well as selling other grocery items. The owner (Joe Cohen) is very knowledgeable and most helpful with choices of Washington state wine and port as well as other products in his store.