The Moore Hotels location, ambiance, and value for the price simply cant be beat. My husband and I loved its easy access from the airport via the light rail, and were equally delighted by the short walking distance from the hotel to the original Starbucks Caf, Pike Place Market, Westlake Center and the monorail to the Space Needle, and other major shopping and tourist attractions. The hotel has been recently renovated but retains its wonderful Beaux Arts character. We particularly loved the buildings tilework, wooden doors and balustrades, decorative artwork in its interior hallways, and tasteful elegance of its guestrooms. The lobby offers free wi-fi connection, and is a charming and comfortable space to work or socialize. Our sixth floor room was spacious, spotlessly clean, extremely comfortable, and had been tastefully updated without losing its vintage character and upscale European feel. The paneled oak door, which opened with a real key, led into a generously sized sitting and dining area with a small kitchenette, with the bedroom and bathroom just beyond. The room appeared to have been freshly painted and furnished, and was beautifully appointed with all the typical amenities (coffee maker, hairdryer, etc.). Although not air-conditioned, opening and closing the two large windows provided satisfactory climate control. The historic Moore Theater (next door) featured a performance by Steve Earle the night we were there, but we noticed no noise even with the windows open and slept very well. We enthusiastically and unreservedly recommend this boutique hotel as the ideal place to stay in downtown Seattle. The staff members were friendly, helpful, and provided an extraordinary level of customer service. For example, we were boarding the cruise ship when I suddenly realized I had left my parka in the hotel lobby when we checked out. I telephoned the hotel in a panic, and a staff member jumped in his car and tracked me down at the pier, jogged up to me with a cheerful smile and my parka in hand, and tried to refuse the money I offered him in compensation for his time, trouble, and expense. Four days later as I stood on the deck of the cruise ship in the rain on our approach to Sawyer Glacier, comfortably wrapped in my lined parka, I was extremely grateful that we had chosen to stay at the Moore and for the hotel staffs exceptional commitment to excellence in service. We will definitely be back!