Let me start off by saying that I rated this 4 stars for the atmosphere and hotel staff, not for the hotel property itself. The rooms are no more than 2 star at best but its located in a great downtown Seattle location. There is no parking other than lots and the street (I'll go into that later). You can walk around all of downtown from this location. We heard of this place from Trip Advisor and it ranked high as a budget hotel. At over $100 + per night in December, wasn't precisley a budget hotel. We chose a room/suite that had kitchenette and it was room 705. Initially, we had 605 but becasue there had been smokers inthere before us, they were in the midst of fumigating the room. It was on the backside of hotel and slightly less noisy than the front (apparently) because of traffic. The front desk staffer, Robert (Bob), was an extremely helpful person who gave us a myriad of ideas on restaurants and places to visit , shop, etc. I have read other reviews that included him on this site and they stated he wasn't helpful and they didn't like him. Far from the truth in our case. The room was fairly big with a sitting room and a separate bedroom. it had a dining area and a small kitchenette. The view wasn't much but we were there to walk around, not look out the window. Very small elevator (eclectic again). The clawfoot tub and shower system was interesting if not a bit cramped. Lots of space to store stuff. TV was small and had a lousy remote but again wasn't why we were there. We didn't go (but heard lots about it) was a restaurant/lounge called the Nite Life. Apparently good food and awesome drinks, the Long island Ice tea is supposed to be spectacular and they never heard of a too strong drink. We went to a few local restaurants, El Malecon, Mama's Kitchen (awesome Marg's and Elvis Presley burrito plate!!) and Ivar's Seafood buffet. Elliots looked good but the 2.5 hour wait turned us off. Parking in Seattle is a nightmare or expensive or both. We happened to be there on a NFL Seattle Seahawk football game weekend so that added to the parking trauma. If you like spending $20-40 per day for parking, then no problemo, there'll be parking for you somewhere downtown.