We looked for a long time to try and find a reasonably-priced hotel for the 4 nights we would be staying downtown. As you might imagine it is very expensive to stay downtown Seattle. In fact the West Coast has a much higher cost-of-living than Milwaukee. We checked out chain hotels, discount travel sites, and bed-and-breakfasts  but ultimately it was a travel guide (Frommers 2005) that suggested The Moore Hotel. Its 2 blocks from the Public Market and sits on a main street (2nd ave) 1 mile from the train station. Its 3 blocks southeast to the West Lake bus tunnel and there are literally dozens of cafes / clubs / and shops in every direction. We walked from the Amtrak station to the Hotel with our luggage when we arrived; and we walked from the Hotel to the bus station when we left - ideally situated for use of public transportation. We opted for the $55/night room which has no bathroom (european style). This was half the rate we found even at most discount chains. The bathroom was about 10 from our room and we had our own key - so even though it was not a private bathroom, it was never inconvenient. The picture on the Moore website is not one of the european style rooms - ours was much smaller. The hotel was built around the turn of the [20th] century so theres a lot of historic details that make it an exciting place to stay - tall ceilings, lots of windows, exposed woodwork, wide hallways. And most (if not all) of the 7 story hotel has been refurbished with new carpeting, fresh paint and retiled floors. In fact, the room we were in had brand new lamps, bed and TV. There is also a phone in each room (dial 9 to get out) and basic cable. The only negative observations about our room were that the sink (all rooms have sinks) had no hot water pressure and Harmonie thought there should have been a full-length mirror and there was no clock. We were on the 7th floor - room 711 to be exact - and were afforded a great view of the Puget Sound and downtown Seattle. Ill upload some movies when I have some extra time so you can get a feel for the layout. I would highly, highly recommend staying here if youre ever in Seattle - and ask specifically for room 711 as some of rooms are in-facing (theres a kind of a courtyard space running up the center of the hotel so that in-facing rooms can open to the fresh air but its not a pretty view) and some of the south-facing rooms are on an alley. There is also 1 public-use internet terminal and wireless access in the lobby. The workers were very helpful with suggestions and they provide a big rack of literature for tourist-y things-to-do. The clientele seems quite mixed, with a lot of younger / international travelers as well as some older. I didnt see any families. There is no pool or arcade, but there is an adjoining lounge/bar and theatre (which was, unfortunately, playing Annie while we were there) which gets touring bands every now-and-then. Also theres no breakfast or coffee. There is also an elevator for those that dont like walking up seven flights of old-timey stairs. So, once again - the Moore Hotel comes highly recommended.