My boyfriend had stayed at the Moore Hotel 6 years ago on a cross-country trip, so when he suggested that we stay there on our recent trip to Seattle, I let him take care of our vacation plans. We took public transit ( MT194 / $1.25) from SEATAC, which lets you off 3 blocks from the hotel - an easy walk. This place is fantastic for the money if you don't require a lot of "extras." They offer shared and private baths (the private baths go pretty quickly), and we tried out each. Even the shared bath option gives you a sink in your room. The hotel feels much like a hostel at first - it's old and not in the best visual condition, the hallways are a little dark, the elevator only holds a couple of people, and the doors to the rooms require *gasp* actual KEYS! The neighborhood is a little gritty, but we never felt unsafe at any time. It is a highly trafficked area, so you're seldom wandering about by yourself. Once inside the room, it's a pretty bare bones setup, but everything was super clean, functional, we had a fantastic view of the water, and the building is constructed like a prison (thick plaster walls), so we never heard a peep from our neighbors. The close proximity to just about everything is amazing - we walked to Pioneer Square (~25 minutes), Safeco Park (~35 minutes), Pike Place Market (less than 5 minutes), and took a quick bus ride over to the Seattle Center. This place is central to everything you'll need to explore Seattle efficiently and thoroughly. If you're into fancypants-type accomodations and need a lot of catering to, this place is not for you. There are no clocks in the room, no pictures on the wall, you may/may not get a mirror in your room, but the place is well worth the money that you'll save, and the service that we received from everyone working there was 5-star. They definitely have a lifelong customer in my guy and myself. The Moore Hotel is located smack on the border of Belltown, which is loaded with great eats, great bars, and tons of twenty/thirty-something hispters. For food, check out Le Pichet, Dahlia Lounge, Mama's Mexican Kitchen, OHanas, and Caffe D'Arte for awesome coffee/teas (skip Starbucks/Tully's). For entertainment, the Virigina Inn is a nice place to grab a beer, while places like Lava Lounge, Shorty's Coney Island, and The Whiskey Bar are more chaotic, but still good fun. The Palace Kitchen is a great late-night option, and they serve free pistachios at the bar.