RE: review of the Moore Its a little wordy but it speaks to the character of the Hotel and the people who run it. First we had never heard of the hotel but wanted to find a place for a night that was close to interesting city life (not really spent anytime in Seattle before) and was relatively inexpensive (budget) and also a place that was in an area where we felt safe to explore as well as one that was safe and clean to stay in. When my wife called the hotel number she got "Bob" on the other end, he absolutely was the reason that we decided to book a night at the Moore, in one phone call Bob answered every question she had and made her feel at ease about all her concerns (as listed above), still we thought that the price (for what he said on the phone about the area etc) was too good to be true. We arrived on the evening of July the fourth and Bob was working the desk, after meeting him we knew that he wasn't acting on the phone, VERY helpful and personable, every question again he answered and we were relieved and impressed. The room was great, very clean, quiet, it was everything we were hoping for. As we were there for only one night we didn't get to explore much but we felt like if we were to return that the Moore Hotel was for sure the place we would base out of next time. So we left the next day to camp in Oregon for a week'ish, we decided though to cut the camping short by a night and head back to the Moore to see more of Seattle, we were all excited feeling comfortable heading back to Seattle knowing that our nights stay was not a concern at all. So as if I wasn't impressed enough with the Hotel and its staff they went one step farther, as we pulled up to the Hotel after an 8 hour drive I see "Ray Davies" on the marquee for a show at the theatre that night, being a hobby musician I thought I would see about getting a ticket as the rest of the family wanted to walk around and shop, the manager of the Moore Hotel overheard me in the lobby and said that if I left my name with Bob that he would leave me a ticket for the show, this is right after I found meter parking right outside the front door of the hotel!!, I almost went and bought a lottery ticket I was feeling so lucky. Anyway a long story short, the show was great, I had a blast seeing Ray and being that I enjoy old buildings I was feeling very fortunate to be seeing the show (at no charge!!! things like this don't happen to me) in a theatre with such rich architectural character and history, it was an evening to remember, and it was all thanks to the Moore Hotel Mgt and staff. So big Thanks! to the Moore Hotel staff for the generous hospitality of the free ticket, and for the worry free couple nights stay we had, when in the area again we will definitely return to the Moore. If you want the perfect balance between cost, location and quality, absolutely stay here. -Russ Saskatoon, Sk, Canada