I am experiencing the most peaceful and serene time off from work. My spirit has been lifted. Our visit with Jayna was the best. It was raining when we landed at Sea-Tac, but by the time we loaded our luggage into the trunk of our rental car the sun was peaking through the clouds. The weather was cool, but when the wind blew it made the hair on your neck stand up. The Moore Hotel was nice. Our Room was on the 6th floor with a panoramic view of the Puget Sound. The room was clean and comfortable. If I could make a suggestion to the proprietor, it would be to put a small shelf in the bath room and a place to hang your robe behind the bathroom door would be nice. This hotel is in the heart of Downtown Seattle, a block east of Pike's Market Place and a block west of Nordstrom's. We spent a small fortune in parking, but all in all it was worth it. The Mariners swept the series with the San Francisco Giants. Barry Bonds hit a home run his first at bat. So did Ichiro. Day 2 Mike went to the ballgame with his brothers Randy and Steve for game two of a three game series. It was Gay Pride week in Seattle. Jayna and I exhibited our diversity and joined the festivities at the Fremont Street Fair. This is it's 35th year of celebrating the Summer Solstice. It was a large diverse group of warm bodies. Belly dancers, floats and naked men and women (sporting only body paint) danced through the streets raising awareness to the needs of low-income and the homeless community (the 6 foot tall stuffed penis got my attention). The fair is free but donations are accepted. Donations received directly fund Fremont Public Association (FPA). The fair was loaded with exhibits, art, crafts, musical entertainment and food. Jayna and I escaped the hot pavement and retreated to a Thai restaurant. I had the Cashew Chicken with vegetables and rice, YUM! Jayna had the Chicken Curry with noodles. Afterwards, we met Mike and his brothers at Ivars to say our goodbyes. Then Mike, Jayna and I took the ferry over to Bainbridge and headed towards Port Townsend. Day 3 Jayna's friend Shannon was a life saver! Our reservation at the Water Street Hotel (WSH) was nearly lost. But Shannon was able to retrieve our room key before 6pm. Thank you Shannon! The WSH is very old. It was built in 1889 by EH Fisher. The Hotel offers a beautiful view of the Puget Sound, Mount Baker, the Cascade, and Olympic Mountains. It is in the heart of Downtown PT Historic District and within walking distance to shops, and restaurants. The festive spirit of Gay Pride week followed us up to Port Townsend. The WSH is above the Water Street Brewing and Ale House. The Ale House offered a masquerade/costume party on Saturday evening. The music was so loud you could hear hear it three floors up. The patrons partied until the early morning hours. The featured entertainer was DJ Ramiro. For breakfast we went to the Landing Restaurant. Jayna suggested the Baked Blueberry French Toast stuffed with Cream Cheese. Oh my Gawd! I highly recommend this one. Afterwards we walked out onto a pier and watched as boats docked. Then walked through all the shops downtown. The shops are all quaint and tastefully done. My favorite, was "Maestrale". An eclectic collection of old and new. I found the cutest cobalt blue antique drawer pulls. ~Cute-Cute-Cute!~ That evening we ate dinner at the Fountain Caf. We had dinner salads with Honey/yogurt dressing and Taylor Gold Pears. Our meal was the most flavorful blend of Italian cheeses, noodles and chicken. Most people call this Chicken Fettuccini. I say it was the best I've ever tasted. For dessert we shared a Crme Brule. Oh My Gawd! This is the best restaurant in the world. We had the best waitress, the atmosphere was delightful and the Art exhibit was colorful. Day 4 We checked out of the WSH, then went to visit Jayna's friend Joe. He is a Barista in uptown PT near Aldrich's Market. Joe makes a mean latte. Day trip with Jayna to Fort Warden and the beach. We hiked to a remote cliff face with a 500 foot drop. Scary! Then we took a long long walk along the beach. We laughed, talked and reminisced. It was a good day. We took Jayna back to her house and made the drive back to Seattle and then home. I miss her. Respectfully, A V O N Beauty Advisor/e-Rep Joanie Jenson Keep America Beautiful Buy or Sell AVON