My friends and I stayed at the Moore Hotel over a long Labor Day weekend and were very pleased. The location offers easy access to attractions, nightlife, restaurants, ferries, and shopping. I did not find the area unattractive in the least. Yes, there were eccentrics and homeless around, but I found that to be the case throughout Seattle. It is located in a very young area, and you may have trouble finding a bar with anybody over 30 inside. But again, that seemed to be true throughout Seattle. We had a nightcap one night at the neighboring Nite Lite Lounge, and enjoyed ourselves, even though it was a young crowd. The hotel is old but clean. I paid $286, including taxes, for four nights in a single room, and my friends paid $311 for a double. You can't beat that price for such a central location. The beds were very comfortable. Every day, the maid would pick up stuff of mine that was lying around and leave it neatly on the windowsill. My only complaint was with the bathrooms. I could not get my shower to deliver both hot water and good pressure, and the shower stall was extremely small. The toilet sometimes had to be flushed twice. Also, there was no plug for the bathroom sink, so I had to put a washcloth over the drain before putting my contacts in. My friends had one of the claw-foot tubs with shower curtain, and said they had no problems with the water. However, their toilet malfunctioned on our last day, and no one turned up to fix it. They were able to use the hall toilet, and the front desk offered to move them to another room, but they didn't want to bother and so just used the hall toilet. The front desk people were extremely helpful and friendly-can't praise them enough. We did not have the parking problems that others have encountered, partly because we stayed there over Labor Day weekend and street parking was free on Sunday and Monday. We had to get up early to move the car once, but we spent a total of $8 on parking the entire weekend, and one night we got a spot right in front of the hotel!