We were on foot for a romantic week touring Seattle and found this hotel to be a good value for a 6 night stay near downtown with nice amenities. The good: -Nice lobby/lower lounge area and extremely helpful staff -The R-View lounge on the top floor has fantastic views of the city at less than space needle prices. The intimate size makes for a romantic setting. -Right next to the library, which we though was pretty cool. -There are a lot of good in house dining options for a hotel of this price and the food is not Hilton-unaffordable The bad: -If there is a big conference on, the way that the elevators are programmed means you will never get one (prompt elevators w/o conference present) -There is a bit of road noise no matter where you are in the hotel it seems -We enjoyed the location in close proximity to major city sites and did not mind the exercise of the extra hill climbing on foot, however, less fit car-less patrons may not appreciate this hotel's lofty location. The ugly: I think it needs to be clarified that THIS HOTEL DOES NOT HAVE A POOL. I was reading conflicting reports, some raving about a pool and some even including pictures. Other internet searches confirmed the existence of a pool and when I called to ask the front desk prior to booking the woman told me (in an unnecessarily condescending voice, very atypical of the helpful staff we encountered once on site) that there was NOT a pool. I explained that I was only asking because I had seen reports of a pool in online posts about the hotel and she acted as if I was incapable of internet usage. In fact, upon hunting around the hotel we did find the NOW CLOSED top floor pool. Based on the woman's insistence about the nonexistent pool, the stickers blocking out the pool in the hotel in-room brochure and the current state of the pool as viewed through the papered over glass window that once led to it there are no plans for this hotel to have a pool again any time soon. Which is a shame because it looked very nice. They must be very upset about it's departure as well considering they now appear to no longer acknowledge it once existed.