Seattle Renaissance Hotel We booked this room via Travelocity for a great price, it included parking and a free upgrade to a Suite. Check-in...The staff member was nice and professional. We asked for a high floor on the cityside of the building and were given both request. Hotel Room...We were in a two room suite, small living room area and a small bedroom but perfect for what we wanted. The room have multiple views from the window and there was limited street noise in our room. The room was clean and stocked well with linens, towels and hotel information. There were two tvs, one in the living room, guessing about a 37 inch and one in the bedroom again guessing 32 inch. The tvs were LG brand and both were a little fuzzy. The bed was semi-comfortable and the sheets were a little rough as were the towels. The bedroom had a nice window seat. The bathroom was on the smaller side but worked well, the lighted mirror is a nice touch. The bathroom door is a joke, guessing that due to the small size of the bathroom having a door open into the bathroom wouldnt work well and having one open into the narrow hallway also wouldnt work well. The bathroom was also missing a proper towel rack. The closet space in the hallway was good and there was a safe in the closet. There was also a small fridge and shelf area next to the closet. Hotel...The hotel was nice, clean and the elevators were very fast. The bar and lobby area were nice. The gift shop was well stocked and had moderate prices. The parking garage under the hotel is a little tight and many of the parking spaces are also a bit tight. Hotel Staff...All staff members were great, we ordered delivery twice and asked the concierge for delivery advice and they were so helpful and even provided menus to different restaurants that deliver. The housekeeping staff were friendly and did a very good job cleaning the rooms, kudos to them. A coupleof issues...Two of the chanels on the TV were not working, we asked to be comped TV internet in return and the helpful employee did so, but the internet tv is not even worth the hassel when it is free. The bathroom door was off its track when we arrived at the hotel room. Maintenance was called and arrived quickly, but didnt properly fix the door. I ended up fixing the door after he left. We also decided the have the special Thanksgiving Buffet...to say the least it wasnt worth the price. The food was cold at times and they ran out of things like mashed potatoes quickly and you had to wait for them to refill the items. The selection was also not great. I also think having this buffet in the actual space of the R-view Restaurant on the 28th Floor would have been better instead of the 2nd Floor Maxwells location. The management should realize that Thanksgiving is special are for the price of the meal having a nice view would be a nice touch. Overall we would stay here again.