I'm the first to admit that upon reading the reviews on TripAdvisor about the Renaissance Seattle I was really tempted to change my reservation - but given that I had an excellent rate (friend got me a discount) and the other hotels in the area were at least twice as much, I held my breath, said a prayer and hoped for the best. You really should see it for yourself and the only thing I regret about my stay is that I didn't take any pictures of the place to post here. The room renovations are up to date, trendy and stylish. I often travel for business and I don't usually sleep well in a hotel the first night but had no problems here. Television is now flat-screen - no fridge in the room but with turndown service nightly we got a fresh bucket of ice. Admittedly, the room size is a bit smaller than most, but they were still comfortable and roomy enough to hang out in for a couple of hours during the day. Someone in an earlier review mentioned not having a fan for the bathroom and there isn't a seperate fan (which I was worried about) but the four days I was there I never found it to be a problem. Infact, this bathroom often cleared out faster than some others in hotels that do have separate fans. Unlike some other Marriott properties, this one does have wireless in the rooms. If you have two laptops with wireless you either need to pay twice for the internet access OR someone will need to write down the access code and you'll have to take turns. I called the front desk on this and tried to get them to understand when you've got two people traveling, and two people with two seperate laptops that need to use their own laptop for business purposes paying twice for the service seems stupid, but I didn't win that battle. And the hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They've got a great crew there and I would not hesitate to stay there again. Had dinner one night in the lounge on the top floor - relaxing, priced about what I would expect for a hotel restaurant/lounge, and incredible biews. The one downside is that it is a bit further away from the rest of the "toursity" area of Seattle, but it's not like it's an unreasonable walk either. Another individual suggested taking 6th when walking if you want it to be a little less hilly and that's a great suggestion too. There is a city bus that within certain areas is free and for a nominal amount will take you other places as well. Most things are within walking distance though. In the few days we were there we walked to the monorail that took us to Seattle Center, walked to Pike's Market, the ferry pier, to Pioneer Square, and to Safeco Field without any problem or troubles. I've stayed at a number of Marriott properties (have marriott elite status) and this is one of the nicest I've been to and would not hesitate to stay there again.