I stayed at this Hilton for a conference at the Seattle convention center. As others have noted, the entry is odd, but perfectly workable thanks to fast elevators, the rooms are a bit small, and the bathroom is cramped but fixable by removing a wall. Otherwise, the room was very nice, comfortable, and surprisingly quiet. It is a 10 minute walk from the train that serves the airport ($2.50 each way), and a short walk to almost anything you want in downtown Seattle. The positives: as a Gold member, I received free internet and free breakfast coupons for each day. I learned on my last day that the coupons can be applied to any meal, at a value of about $13 - something to keep in mind as I visit other Hiltons. So, my Gold level status saved me about $25 each day! In addition, they serve a fairly extensive and free evening snack buffet at the top level restaurant, which occasionally served as dinner. This helped offset a glass of wine or two with my "dinner". Service was superb, by everyone at the hotel. All staff were excellent, from the housekeeper who serviced my room in 15 minutes when I needed to get back early, to the restaurant servers, and the front desk. This is a very customer-oriented property. A little known trick for bad weather is that there is an indoor path to the convention center. The staff can provide instructions if you don't want to venture outside. The one negative surprise had to do with phone charges. I had planned to take a 4-hour telecon via the internet, but I had a problem with my computer. Since I wanted to use the hotel speakerphone, I looked for a rate card, but there was no rate information in the room. I called the front desk, but they also had no information. At their suggestion, I called their provider, Sprint, but got the usual automated menu system with little outlook for a live person. So, I direct dialed - BIG MISTAKE! After 45 minutes, I had accumulated a $172 bill - almost $4/minute -- you just can't find rates like that anymore for domestic long-distance. Usually, rates are under a $1/min. I was motivated to get my computer working and finished the call that way. Later, I got a call from the front desk apologizing for their lack of information, and they cut my charge in half. A nice offering, but still, these charges seem out of line. I am drafting a letter to the hotel manager - they need to post their rates and not put their employees in this awkward position. Overall, this was a very nice stay and I would return.