I stayed here 3 nights in September while attending a conference at the Convention Center. Supposedly the taxi fare is $32 from the airport (as adverstised on the cab window), but none of my colleagues or I got that rate. Something about extra taxes due to the airport. Our fares all ranged from $38-45. The bellman at the Hilton were all very welcoming and friendly and the front desk was nice enough. I checked in at noon, well ahead of the 3pm check in time. The room was clean and fairly up-to-date. The downside was that the bathroom was very tiny. It was quite awkward getting in and out of the bathroom to close the door. Also, the hangers for the closet had the tiny hooks so they couldn't be used on a normal clothes rod in order to help combat theft. As a result of this, you couldn't hang your clothes just anywhere. The only place besides the closet was a tiny hook on the back of the bathroom door. This became quite annoying very quickly when getting ready. On my last night there, it was after 10 pm at night and I heard the sink make a funny gurgling noise. When I looked in there, it was full of brownish black water. I called the front desk and someone came up and had it fixed within half an hour. I don't know if this was an ongoing problem as my neighbor had the same problem that night, but the response was quick and was taken care of quickly. The location of this hotel can't be beat. We were two blocks away from the convention center, and about 5-6 blocks from Pike's Street Market. I walked down there 3 times during my stay. The walk down is all downhill, and the walk back can be quite a challenge depending on which way you come back. If you walk down University street (which the Hilton sits on), it will take you straight to Pier 57 where you'll find many restaurants. We ate at the Crab Pot one night where they have a crab boil and dump all the goods on the table for you to break open with a mallet. Coming back up the stairs and hill after a full dinner was a real challenge! But fun nonetheless! Overall, this was a decent stay at a decent hotel. Not the best...but not the worst. The location of the Hilton and walking around the city made this a memorable visit!