Stayed here April 7 - 11. Attended a conference held in the hotel. This property is in a great location in downtown Seattle, in easy walking distance to Pike's Place Market, Pacific Place shopping, the Convention Center, and the monorail to the Space Needle. It is an older property, but the only way to guess that is due to the slightly smaller bedroom and bathroom sizes, along with the narrow corridors on the floor levels, along with the small number of rooms on each floor. All walls, tiles, linens and furnishings were clean and modern, presenting a nice decor. Bathrooms were equipped with Crabtree & Evelyn Le Source toiletries (my favorite!). Rooms start on floor 14 (which I was on) and run through floor 28, with the restaurant on the 29th floor. Three elevators provided smooth and speedy service. Another plus - to access any guest floor, and room key was required, helping make a single traveler feel safe. The meeting rooms were spacious and the hotel staff kept refreshments aplenty. Breakfast and lunch each day in the restaurant was an unexpected gourmet treat - much more elegant than normally required for informal meals. The restaurant had a spectacular view of Puget Sound and when the sky was clear, the Olympic Mountains. The view was easily seen from any seating area. The bar area also had a menu but I didn't eat there - but the bar was large with a cozy decor. The concierge was friendly and helpful. One night she made a reservation for me at Cutter's Restaurant, making sure the restaurant would provide me complimentary transportation for my return to the hotel. At the restaurant, I was given an appetizer, courtesy of the concierge. Also, I needed a 4:15am town car pick up for the airport my last day and the concierge booked me with a company, saving me $15 off the most affordable transportation I found on my own on the internet. My only disappointment was the business center - very small and a $6 fee for use. Most hotels now offer this as a complimentary service. Maybe the Seattle Hilton will change this soon. Thanks for a great four nights, I slept very well!