I stayed here for 1 night and am HH Gold. Not sure why people complain about check-in not being ground level as there are many examples of international hotels with a similar configuration. IMO, not something to really gripe about. I actually welcome it as it means the floors start at a higher level thus further removing you from street noise. Upon walking to the ground floor entrance, the bellman was extremely pleasant and asked if it was my first time. While waiting for the elevator, he carefully explained the hotel amenities and wanted to make sure I felt comfortable. I was a little early for check-in and my room wasn't ready. No problem. I left my bags with the concierge and went looking for lunch. Upon returning, my room was ready and was given a room on the 25th floor. I noticed they called this floor the HH floor. The room itself was a decent size. The furniture is newish and there is a flat screen tv, although I consider this "de rigeur" for the HIlton chain. I did think the comforter was a little on the thin side, but did the job. There is an in-room safe and an electric thermostat. Some of the hangers looked a little derelict but did the job. The washroom sink is separated from the toilet and bath. Both areas are quite small. One thing I did note is that the shower had excellent water pressure. As a HH Gold, I was allowed access to the 28th floor executive lounge and received a coupon for a free buffet breakfast on the top floor restaurant. There were some passes to places such as Gold's gym but I can't remember the other ones. The lounge had h'ors d'oeurves from 5-7 pm. I walked in and noted there was a single hot steamer (didn't look inside) with a decent selection of veggies. I think there was an alcohol selection. Didn't stay as I had other dinner plans. Next morning, went to the top floor restaurant for breakfast. The buffet was not the most plentiful I've seen but decently stocked. There were the standard bacon, sausage, eggs, french toast, pastries, fruit, etc. A feature I like about all Hiltons is that you can ask for made-to-order eggs as part of the buffet. I ordered an omelette and what came back was a HUGE omelette that was very good. I've had omelettes in plenty of hotels before and can vouch that this thing was big. Check-out was smooth. The whole time during my stay, there were reminders that "I would be getting a survey and if I couldn't rate the hotel a 10, they encouraged me to call someone about it". Considering the Hilton is NOT a 5 star hotel (I think 4 star), it met expectations. The staff certainly did try and tried hard. I would stay here again, provided the price is right. I'm giving it 4.5 stars (but TripAdvisor won't allow that) because the HVAC was a little loud and the smallish bathroom size. The staff service is definitely 5 star.