This was my first vacation alone so I was a little apprehensive that the hotel wouldn't be everything I hoped it would. All my worries were for nothing however, as I was greeted by a very comfortable hotel. I got the lowest rate room, a room with a single queen, and for me it was perfect. The room was meticulously clean and smelled great, everything was in good condition, and I was impressed by the view of the city I had. PROS: Clean rooms, great service, good prices, within walking distance of just about everything (and if it isn't in walking distance you can hop a bus and get there), lots of restaurant choices, comfortable bed, beautiful pool/hot tub area, FREE PARKING!, and extremely knowledgeable staff. CONS: The breakfast was pretty unimpressive so I slept in and ate out instead, there were still renovations being done and the elevators (which were being renovated) were scary as heck. If you go while they are still renovating, I would suggest taking the stairs. The TV in my room was outdated and had a bluish tint (but I didn't mind because I wasn't there to watch television). I thought there would be a microwave/fridge in my room but it turns out those are only for the double and king rooms which was disappointing but I just used the cooler I'd brought. Finally, the internet was really touchy. I couldn't get it to work until late the first night, and then it was over-all okay but would lag down and sometimes not work altogether at times throughout the trip. Over-all it was a great stay and I'd gladly stay again. I got a fantastic rate, especially considering their free parking offer is unmatched by any other hotel in the area. Everything was comfortable and clean, and this hotel room was perfect for me because I was there to explore the city and really used my hotel room for sleeping and relaxing. I'd absolutely recommend this hotel to a friend. ALSO: I would suggest signing up for the Choice Hotels rewards program. I did this downstairs at the counter and immediately my check-out time for the next day was moved from 12pm to 2pm, which really relieved the pressure of getting reading and getting out the next morning.