This Quality Inn more than makes up for in quality of service and facilities what it may lack in any other area. It was built for the 1962 World's Fair and perhaps let slide for some time. The current GM, Heather Patrick, is doing a magnificent job of restoring the Inn's luster. Her staff, without exception, went out of their way to see to our every need. They are proud of their house and rightly so. The hotel is very close to the Space Needle and attractions that are built on the World's Fair site. There is a shuttle offering free rides to anyplace within a mile and a half radius of the hotel and that more than covers the entire downtown area, including Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square and the waterfront. The rooms are somewhat small, as rooms were built back then, but well appointed. Everything worked; fridge, microwave, coffee pot, television,clock radio, iron and telephone, and the bed was very comfortable. The "accessible" bathroom was wonderful; good solid bars to hang on to and a non-skid shower with molded seats. I understand there are some larger suites on the fifth floor (where scenes for the Elvis movie, "It Happened At The World's Fair" were filmed). The plentiful breakfast buffet (including the obligatory waffles) had hot food that was hot and cold food that was cold and furthermore it was tended by smiling, cheerful people. The pool and hot tub are exceptional in every way. I make it a point not to stay in a hotel that does not offer these amenities and so have many to compare these with. The pool is free form concrete with a terrific shallow end for little people and an 8.5 foot deep end for the swimmers. The water temperature was warmer than one might expect but given the raw, rainy outdoors, it was lovely to bask in. The hot tub, up six or seven steps (with a railing), was hot and the jets well placed. Both pool and tub were spotlessly clean every time I visited AND the facility is open from 6 am to 12 pm. There is a fitness room if you are inclined that way. My elderly mother (who uses a walker to get around) and I stayed here for six nights. It was a pleasure. At the time of our stay, the elevators were undergoing refurbishment which made for some inconvenience but not enough to make a serious difference to anything. The lobby boasts a business center, free coffee, 24 hour front desk, comfortable couches and a fireplace - with fire! One more fascinating thing: On the bottom of the pool, in the shallow end, there is a painting on ceramic tiles. It is signed by "Klee Wyn" and I can't find out anything about it. Perhaps it was put there for the making of the movie? It's pretty, depicting a mermaid and a young man in a bathing suit with fish and sea plants around. Worth a stay just to look at it.