OK, I'm tired of some of the finicky reviews of this place. It's a Quality Inn, for Pete's sake. Don't expect the Ritz. It's a perfectly fine 2* hotel. I was there for UW commencement and the city was busy, so this was the best I could do. I got a rate of $95 on Quikbook, and that was the best I could find ANYWHERE for this or any other decent property in downtown. When I arrived, I asked for two beds. The clerk was knowledgeable and efficient, and said she had only one left, but the rate would be $99. No problem. Still a deal for these dates. The lobby had a kind of Northwest lodge feel, with stone walls and floor. There was free coffee available and limited free newspapers. The elevator was kind of creaky and battered, and the guest room hallways were pretty shabby, but the room itself was spotless. Event the edges of the carpet seemed vacuumed, something I often don't see in 4* hotels. It had a beamed ceiling, again with the lodge feeling, and a microwave and mini-fridge. Plenty of room. Free wireless internet (although sometimes a weak signal). No problems with noise. The free breakfast was pretty abundant, although the breakfast room was crowded. There were signs about not taking away food, but my sister brought me stuff anyhow. No big deal. So I was perfectly satisfied. There's FREE parking! Some is in a lot alongside the street (Aurora), but there's also a hard-to-find garage. Go behind the hotel and completely around the block to the other side. You'll see a small Quality Inn sign over the entrance. You enter with your room key, so access is completely controlled. The elevator will take you all the way to the guest floors. I'd say the elevator was the biggest problem here: it was slow, old, creaky, and ugly. Otherwise, everything was fine. They even have a nice indoor pool off the lobby. The location was good. It's not in the thick of downtown, but DT is very accessible in a few minutes walk. If you exit the hotel and go right down Denny Way, there's an area with cafes and restaurants, and further down is the Space Needle food court. There's also a McDonalds near the Space Needle. If you go a few blocks north on Denny Way, there's a Whole Foods Market. And if you're in a hurry, there's a convenience store/gas station on the corner of Denny and Aurora, about 2 minutes walk. So I would not be afraid to stay here. I hope this hotel will move up in the rankings.