Have stayed at both the Westin (Downtown) and recently at the Sheraton. Both were good hotels, but with subtle differences... Location: Sheraton is in the heart of the downtown core. The front is packed with cars and taxis, bringing in people for conventions and from the cruise ships. If you're looking for a fun time right at your doorstep, the Sheraton is the place to be. Places to eat (Cheesecake factory kiddie corner to the hotel) and shopping (H and M next door) are easily in walking distance. You can feel the energy as soon as you step out the door. Great place to stay with friends. The Westin is about 2 blocks away from all the action, so it's a bit quieter. Not as many cars in front nor does it feel crowded. So, if you're staying with younger kids, the Westin may be the better bet for a quieter stay. Both are walking distance to Pike Market (6 blocks from the Sheraton, 5 blocks from the Westin). Parking There is valet parking for $43, or you can self park at the 'hotel' off site parking for $30. If you go through the side entrance of the hotel, it's across the street (next to the Cheese cake Factory). It seemed secure, with a 24 hr attendant. I dropped off the family first at the hotel then swung around to the garage. But, it did get a bit crowded while unloading luggage as it's a very small drive way for all the vans, cars, taxis. At the Westin, the self park is next door, attached to the hotel by a sky bridge. It's only $25. Check in Definitely a lot longer line up at the Sheraton, but it does go by fairly fast. At the Westin, the line ups are barely there. Rooms We stayed at the 29th floor, in the older tower. The rooms were fine, nothing to complain about. It looked like they updated the rooms fairly recently. Flat screen tv, king bed (couldn't get 2 doubles!). Bathroom was adequate. The Westin rooms are similar in style, but definitely noticeably bigger. Not sure about previous complaints about paper thin walls. I couldn't hear my neighbours. But, we did hear the little child running back and forth in the room above us for a while. Also, the doors definitely slam a lot louder than at the Westin. Both give you a $5 voucher every day you decline house keeping services. Beds The pillows at both hotels are amazing. The only difference in bedding between the two hotels is that it seemed like the bed sheets at the Sheraton made a lot louder 'rubbing' noise whenever you moved. Sounds strange, but true! Overall The Sheraton is definitely the place to be for all the action, literally across the street. A lot of 'energy' as soon as you leave the hotel. The Westin is just a couple of blocks away from the action, so it's a quieter hotel. Both are good hotels, you can't go wrong with either.