Stayed 4 nights on a business conventions with wife tagging along. Loved the location and the facility and the walkability of the location. From the airport we tried the rail line which cost $250/ea, was easy, and dropped us at the Westlake Station two blocks from the hotel. This worked great and we rode the train back as well. Much cheaper than a cab and only slightly more effort and time. The hotel has been renovated. I like the layout of the lobby with a lot of comfortable sitting space, free WiFi and even free computers with giant monitors. You just type in your last name and room number and you're online. During our trip the hotel was bustling but not crowded and the atmosphere was nice. The location is great. Walked to the Space Needle, Pike's Market, and my wife did some solo exploring to the museum, which was a bit further of a walk, but walkable nonetheless. There are plenty of restaurants and bars nearby and plenty to do. The room itself was as good as it can get given the older, smaller configuration. But the bathroom was clean, hot water is instant in the shower, water pressure good, view was great on 23rd floor, bed very comfortable, flat screen TV on wall, small desk to work at and some reading chairs. WiFi plugged in and worked right away and was very fast. No complaints. Was it the nicest room ever? No, but no complaints and we didn't spend much time in the room anyway. Staff seemed nice and helpful though we didn't interface much as we didn't have any problems or need any help or directions. There is a computer/printer kiosk in the lobby specifically for print boarding passes, which I appreciated when departing. Can't comment on the service beyond that as we just didn't need anything during the stay. Ate several "convention" lunch and dinner meals, all of which were good, but didn't use the restaurant in the hotel. Did eat at Tap House 1/2 block away twice and really liked it. The hotel served our needs perfectly, offering everything we expected and needed.