My husband and I visited Seattle the last weekend of August and we were very impressed in what we experienced at the Sheraton Seattle. From check-in to check-out to concierge to dining within the hotel. All service was superb! I was very pleasantly surprised. Employees were knowledgeable and more than willing to help. I liked how convenient the Light Rail was to the hotel and enjoyed all the wonderful shopping boutiques in the area. Do take the Light Rail from the airport as it was SO convenient and economical. Time to reach the hotel from the airport was approximately 30 minutes. Location was definitely a premium. Pike's Place was 3 blocks west and there was plenty to see and do. We passed on the daily housekeeping to receive the $5 vouchers. If you forgo the daily cleaning, you can receive a gift card for $5 to be used in the hotel for food or drink. We stayed 3 nights so it added up to $15...You could also receive Starwood points if you wished but a nice cup of coffee/cocoa in the morning sufficed, to say the least. Coffee can be found anywhere in Seattle. We were able to find a great rate where you buy 2 nights and get one free. This was offered on the Sheraton website. I noticed also at check-in that we were place in the newer tower and on the top level! the 26th floor!! As we exited the elevator, I noticed that it said the floor was for Starwood preferred guests so I was very grateful that they had "upgraded" us to these newly renovated rooms. The fitness center was open 24 hours and the pool was open until 11 p.m. every night so their hours were more than flexible. I did dine at the on-site restaurant and the food was great. I opted for the buffet which was nice and used my voucher toward the total price of the buffet. We certainly enjoyed our stay at the hotel. We did not use the valet nor the parkin garage but simply relied on our feet and public transportation. Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel lobby, along with open computers so very convenient. If you needed it in your room, there was a daily charge but I simply took the laptop to the lobby. We will be sure to recommend the hotel to our friends when visiting the area.