The hotel was comfortable except for usual complaints... valet parking only, $35 parking per day, too soft pilllows and noisy sheets. We like to rent a car during the duration of our vacations just in case we decide to leave town on a last minute trip but we opt out because of the valet parking fee. If we did needed a car to rent, there are two rental company that are 1 1/2 block away from hotel; so it was no big deal for us. There is a public parking across the street for less price but of course no in/out privilege. The hotel does not have firm pillow, so we requested more pillows to compensate for the lack of height / firmness which worked out. As for the sheets, it was simply noisy as everyone said. This is something we've never come across starwood properties before. However, we knew of this issue before booking by reading tripadvisor's reviews. As starwood members, we used cash and points to stay here for seven nights at $60 per night. Similar to what most people on this board get on Priceline. We were traveling as family of three with a nine month old who's a good sleeper. During check in we asked if they have a suite with separate bedroom as an upgrade to avoid waking up the baby while my husband is on his laptop for work. The suite cost too much for our pockets and instead we were offered a $15 upgrade room per night that does offer a little privacy for the baby. It was a corner room at the new remodeled building (est. 3 yrs ago) which has a large closet section where the crib fits perfectly without blocking the closet door and away enough from the working desk. The baby had her own view of the city. There is also a tall shelves that we utilized for the baby supplies. See photos. The up grade corner room was great for the little... it kept her busy looking at the vehicles and people passing by on the street. We also needed a fridge for the baby's food and we were given the key to the bar fridge. We just moved some bottles around and made enough room for the little one's homemade food. The hotel also offer high chair to make those solid food feeding much easier. Most important to us is an inroom safebox which they do have in all rooms. We did not hear our neighbor though walls but you can hear door closing from other guests. However, in the hotel's defense, guests around us does not realize how loud they closed their doors. Speaking of noise, we were on the 14th floor and you can hear the street noise... not too much but for someone who comes from a very quiet area, there were noise. The fan in the bathroom also is On 24 hrs and we closed the bathroom door at night to cut down the fan noise. We did grew into both noises during our stay and our baby wasn't bothered at all by either one. We did not use the hotel pool. We did visit the pool area and at the time there were only two kids playing, and that was around 3pm on a wednesday. It's not always busy as other reviewers states. The place looked cleaned including the restroom and changing rooms. We did use the business center to use their printer for dinning coupon. When logging on from their computers, use your last name and room number... a great way to keep only hotel guests from using the business center. Outside the hotel, we had everything we needed for the baby's comfort. We went to Cheesecake Factory (1 short block) to meet a friend for dinner. Cheesecake Factory if kids friendly; they gave use complementary bread and cut up banana for the baby and it was given to us right after we were seated. Walgreens was I think 2-3 blocks towards the Pike Market. Children's Museum was two blocks walk to the monorail from the hotel. The only thing Sheraton Seattel is lacking is in-house spa service. I think even though this hotel is market to mostly business travelers for the convention, a spa service would be a treat to all guests including those hard working conference attendees. A nitpicking... it would handy to have a restaurant listing and activity center directions that are near by the hotel available in the guests room book information. Going to the concierge seems to be a waist of time to get this information. Tips for those who are budget conscious: The hotel food cost way too much for breakfast. Across the entrance from Sheraton (where cars arrive), there is a mall. At the second floor you will find a small store that sell danish. The building also has Starbucks coffee which I believe cost less than the Sheraton's cafe. Get your snacks, drinks, etc. at Walgreens to save some money. Overall we would stay here again for our next visit because of the customer service, location and... because they are one of three hotels in Seattle that offer swimming pool. I believe our little one will be able to enjoy the swimming pool by the time we visit Seattle again.