Exactly as advertised- a big, good quality, convention hotel. I asked for a low-ish floor (don't like heights, and quick/uninterrupted elevator rides are nice) with 2 double beds, and got 8th floor in the Union Street tower. The room felt very spacious for a downtown business hotel, not sure if it was just the layout or the actual size, but it didn't feel as cramped as other 2 double rooms I've stayed in. The small sitting area was nicely set up for reading. Furnishings/bedding/carpet were all perfectly clean and looked new. Had no problem with noise. The heat/AC fan is loud, but the one time we changed the temperature, it was only on for a few minutes, so not a major disturbance. The concierge desk was very helpful- when I asked for a map that would show a particular park, she printed up google driving directions for me as well, which was much appreciated. Having to go to the lobby for free internet was annoying, but given that their main clientele is business travelers, it makes sense for them to charge for it. That said, the lobby was very well set up to hang out in, with plenty of comfy chairs. Location was great- very close to Pike Place Market and the waterfront, about a 15-20 minute walk to Seattle Center (Space needle, EMP, Science Center). Used the 'Green' option- declined housekeeping and received a $5 coupon that we used for coffee and juice at the lobby snack bar. What a great idea, and I wish more hotels offered it. On a two night stay I don't care if my bed is re-made and the floor vacuumed, and it must save the hotel way more than 5 bucks in labour costs alone to skip it. It's such a win-win concept. Never used the parking- we arrived on Saturday afternoon, so paid for street parking until 6pm, then parking was free until Monday 8am. Sunday night after dinner we moved it to a garage 1 block away from the hotel on 7th and Pike (same building as the Cheesecake Factory) for $28 per 24 hours. Still pricey, but on par with any other garage in the area, and much better than valet at $40 plus taxes and tips. Got an excellent price for the 2 nights via Hotwire, and feel it exceeded my expectations for value.