had a 3 day weekend in Seattle for Xmas shopping and this place was excellent. some minor points I did not realize: 1) valet parking is mandatory and is about 32$ a day. it is easy and their were plenty of valets. longest we had to wait was 15 minutes though which leads me to my 2nd comment 2) this is absolutely a CONFERENCE hotel. each day we were there conference people were checking in and checking out, so this made long lines to ask questions or to check in or out directly. the large number of people entering and leaving made getting the car an adventure, so I suggest calling down to have your car brought out if possible. 3)gym is on top floor, right next to one of their ballrooms. it was open to the air so when we got off the elevator it was freezing from wind, and people in VERY nice party/wedding attire we next to us on elevator with us in stinky workout stuff. should have separate elevator or dressing room to change. for the bright spots, the location was perfect. right next to the conference center, movie theater, food, niketown, and pacific place and other great shopping spots. mostly the staff was friendly, from the valets to the bell boys. room was clean and spacious, we initially had a low floor corner room (larger than middle rooms) but got upgraded to a higher floor but toward the middle of hotel ( view was better and they try to keep families with kids on floors 20 and down). exercise room was great and the view was incredible from top floor. liked the express elevators for floors 20 and up. down sides. 1) hot tub was same temperature as the cold pool 2) when I was 1st checking in, I gave my ID and Credit card to the front desk to check me in then I went to front door to tell wife we could check in early, when I came back (less than a minute) she had walked away from the desk and had left my ID and card on desk for anyone could have grabbed it...not happy. (they did check us in early though) 3)wife asked conceirge question about the rail to the space needle, she answered with a snide remark and didn't bother to give my wife a full answer until she prompted her. not very service like 4)pool area was covered with used towels from earlier users..it was late at night but as was a mess. the bad points were minor compared to the location and nice atmosphere in the hotel. My wife and I would love to stay here again. did I mention that the room only ran us about 120$ a night!!!!