We stayed at the Sheraton for four nights recently and were thoroughly impressed with the hotel. As mentioned in previous reviews, the location is excellent with many sights within walking distance. Pike Place Market is six blocks away, and Pioneer Square is probably a twenty-minute walk. A couple of shopping malls are within a five minute walk. The Metro station is about a block away and very convenient and easy to use. As Starwood members, we had a room on the 25th floor of the Union Tower. The hotel chain designates certain floors (higher floors) for its members. Our room was large, clean, and very comfortable. The recently updated room has a modern dcor. There is an excellent complimentary exercise room on the 35th floor of the Pike Tower, just in case you havent expended enough energy walking around the city. There are five computers in the lobby for hotel guests to use. All you have to do is enter your surname and room number to log in. We had a couple of problems with our hotel room, which were handled quickly and professionally. Despite the large size of the hotel, it didnt feel crowded and the entire staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely return to this hotel for another stay. Some tips about Seattle-Beechers is found across from Pike Place Market on 1st Street and offers store made cheese and excellent pasta. Pike Place Chowder offers has excellent seafood chowder for a reasonable price. Another fifteen minute walk takes you to the waterfront and the piers. Ivars is legendary for its seafood. Great afternoon lunch of fish and chips amongst the scrap seeking seagulls! Mexico, a restaurant in Pacific Place Mall, is reasonably priced with delicious food. There is a section that is less formal where tapas may be ordered instead. The Underground is a great tour in Pioneer Square. Pioneer Square is a trendy, artistic area with smaller unique stores well worth spending a couple of hours. We went to see a Mariners game. The stadium is within walking distance (30 minutes), or you can easily take the underground bus.