I travelled to Seattle (from my then home in Vancouver), with some family and friends for a holiday long weekend and for some of us to see Britney Spears back in action. As most of us had traveled together to Seattle before and had stayed at the Westin (had an amazing time there too), we knew we wanted to stay with a Starwood hotel for this trip. It was Easter long weekend and those of us going to the concert travelled on Thursday April 9th, a day earlier than everyone else coming down. We checked into our beautiful room with a fantastic view of Pike Street. Our room was very clean, the staff was very courteous, we checked in early and I signed up to become a Starwood Preferred Guest, allowing for extra value on future visits. The feel of the hotel is like being in a resort outside of the city.not right downtown like we were. The hotel has a great location, virtually within walking distance to all major attractions. We didnt drive our car anywhere when exploring during the day (only at night to the concert in Tacoma). Our trip coincided with a convention called Sakura-con, which was taking place at the adjacent convention centre with most attendees staying at the Sheraton.it was Japanese Anime inspired I believe, and was entertaining to see everyone dressed (very elaborately) for the convention to say the least. The conference made the pool/hot tub area and the nearby restaurants extra busy, and while it would have been nice to have a bit more relaxing time in the hot tub, what can you do, the hotel was busy  thats a good thing! My parents who joined us early on the 2nd day of our 4 day weekend in Seattle, and who tend to travel to the same destination, usually further away that just a few hours from home, absolutely loved the weekend and the stay at the Sheraton in the city. On a side note, it was nice to spend this fun time with my parents in this setting before I moved away. The only issue I had at all was the cost of parking. If you wanted to park at the hotel, it was strictly valet and was $33USD per day (not including tip). If you wanted to self park (for $28USD per day), you had to drive a block up and around the corner and park. We chose the latter option, and although we had no problems, I always wondered if we would see our car when we went to use it! We were however permitted in and out privileges at no extra cost, which was nice. My aunt, trying to be ever resourceful, chose to go between, evening street parking (free after a certain time), and then to get up early in the morning to grab early bird specials at some lots not too far away). Parking tends to be like this in every big city though, so no real surprise. Now that Im a Starwood Preferred Guest (anyone can become one I believe, membership was free), I will definitely be taking advantage of the Starwood brand more often and look forward to another stay at the Sheraton Seattle when Im back on the west coast.