Located about half a block from the convention center, this was a very good location to stay a work related conference. I stayed on the Club level and enjoyed the breakfast each morning. A very nice selection of fresh fruit. An enormous bowl of fresh berries, which included blueberries, blackberries, raspberries and strawberries were very sweet. There were bagels, pastry assortment, cereals, yogurt, fruit juices, coffee, tea. Really plenty for almost anyone to get through the morning. The early evening appetizers were somewhat less appealing. The hot choices were pretty low quality. The cheeses and crackers were nice. Drinks were expensive at 9.00 for glass of wine. The downstairs happy hour drinks were very reasonable and I would recommend they extend the happy hour prices to the Club guests. The soft drinks were free, but seemed restricted. You had to sign a sheet with a spot for gratuity, even if you were just grabbing a cold drink. I had never seen such a thing before in a Club type facility, as we had to use our card to gain entrance. Kind of felt poor class for his level of facility. Overall, it was very nice for morning and only okay for evenings. The free internet use was a great perk. The bedroom was clean, the bed comfortable. The woman who kept my room neat and clean was very good. Quick and efficient, plus very kind. The staff were very nice and efficienct overall. The concierge had many suggestions for dinners, which I found very good for the most part. She specifically told me to avoid some of the Douglass restraunts as she did not think they were too good. Luckily, I did not take her advice, as one of my favourite meals was at Etta's and also enjoyed two of the others I tried. The one with the bakery attached Daphnes (?) was incredible. I was there for an entire week during the conference and it was very nice and comfortable overall. I would stay here again for the same type of function. For a small quaint visit of a couple of nights, I would rather stay at the Inn at the Market.