I planned a 2 night trip over Memorial weekend with my 2 six yr old boys, my mother and mother-in-law. I'm a Starwood member & highly recommend joining if not already a member, Starwood properties really treat their guests well. Check-in was a breeze & no waiting for Starwood Gold/Plat. members. We stayed on the Starwood preferred guest level, floor 30 in Pike Tower and had club lounge access. . however the hotel was quite busy with some conventions and the club lounge was very busy and not well stocked on our first night, breakfast was much better prepared with a wide selection of fruit & pastries. The valet and bell hop services are very welcoming with having small children. I had forgotten my sons medication in the car and was quickly escorted to my car to retrieve it but was also informed they would be happy to get it and bring it up for me but I wasn't 100% certain where I had put it. I'm usually not one to have assistance with luggage but after a 5 hour drive and traveling with small children it was VERY nice to let someone else help with the bags. As I said, check in was simple and I found we'd been upgraded to a suite and the extra living-room space made our trip 100 times more enjoyable. Since the club lounge was always busy it was nice to be able to bring breakfast and snacks back to our room to enjoy, the club lounge staff was very accommodating, providing trays and fresh hot coffee & tea. I have to say this little extra is probably one of the biggest reason I often select the Sheraton over the Westin (have not stayed at the W), and with the kids they really enjoy the pool on the top floor. (I love the Westin beds though and we did enjoy a wonderful dinner there at Coldwater Bar & Grill, GREAT seared salmon and halibut and perfect Cosmo). Guest services is always helpful and informative, we required a bit of information on the carriage rides around Seattle. After walking around all day we took a 30 min ride through downtown Seattle and it was very enjoyable. When at the Sheraton don't forget to check out their Coffee Table computer's in the lobby (surface computing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlF0YllW7Gg). This was another reason I selected this property so I could let my kids see this very cool piece of technology. Housekeeping did a very nice job and we received evening turn down service with chocolates, check out was just as easy and again we used the bellhop assistance with our bags and stored them for a bit before departing the hotel. For me the Sheraton always seems very well staffed, clean, and friendly. I do prefer a softer bed but as far as hotels go i'm happy they aren't hard and always clean bedding. I've only stayed on club floor rooms so I can't review on the lower floors but if going to Seattle for a fun trip or for more then a couple days then I highly recommend booking a club level room. I'll be returning in Aug with my husband and friends for a concert at Qwest field. (one last quick note, the Daily Grill at the Sheraton has a nice happy hour with $2.95 appetizers and drink specials).