We originally planned to stay here before Christmas for some family time since we live in the Seattle area but due to the snow and the poor job of keeping the streets clear by the city (Mayor) we changed our reservation for the weekend after Christmas. We had a special Macy's rate and the hotel was gracious enough to change our reservation and we were able to keep the same rate which included a Macy's gift card of $100. We had a corner king room on the 19th floor in the new Union Street tower. The room was very large with a great view of the city and the water but be forewarned the corner king room does not have a king bed but a queen bed! My husband and I thought the bed (Sheraton Sweet Sleeper) was too hard and each of us woke up with back aches. We have a memory foam bed with a memory foam topper at home for comparison purposes. I was surprised the bathroom was a compact tub/shower combo with a single vanity sink. I expected a separate tub and shower for this size of room especially since this tower was recently built. They had a 32" flat screen LCD TV which was nice however the room is so large it really needs a larger TV. We couldn't read the guide on the the TV because it was so far away from the bed. I loved all the space in this room. There was a large desk area and an over sized chair with an ottoman. there was a large dressing area near the entrance to the room and still lots of room to move around. We had drinks in the lobby bar which was nice but did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants. Cheesecake factory (very good) and Palominos (very bad) were right near the hotel so we ate there. The hotel did not seem very busy so I was surprised there were dishes left out in the hallway for 2 days just down the hall from us. Not a pretty sight on your way out to eat. I would stay in this hotel again in this category of room if we could get a couple of mattress toppers to soften the bed. We had a very enjoyable time in the city and the Sheraton has a great location to shopping and dining and many other things our great city offers.