I planned an anniversary getaway that started off on the wrong foot and improved from there. As I usually do for our annual get-away I stopped by the hotel early in the day of our check-in to drop off gifts for my bride. I went to the concierge desk with three gift wrapped boxes to be placed in our room prior to check-in. The concierge sternly informed me that they did not handle such arrangements and that I needed to talk to the bell desk. I wandered over there to be "greeted" (perhaps grunted would be a more apt description) by two men who clearly were not happy to be there. I placed my gifts on their counter and requested that they be placed in my room prior to our arrival as a surprise for my wife. They indifferently assured me that they would take care of it. Well, you guessed it. When we got to our room, the gifts were not there. Fortunately, a new bellman (Omer) had come on duty and when I explained what had happened he promptly took me to the room where they securely store items to find the gifts. Of course they were sitting there - the chocolate covered strawberries placed upside down. I told Omer that we were leaving for dinner at 6 and he could place the items in the room after we left. Omer came through big-time with not only my gifts but multiple gifts from the hotel in the form of apology. The Seattle Sheraton is one of the largest hotels in downtown Seattle having recently added another tower full of rooms. It is also adjacent to the Washington State Convention Center. Lots of convention goers stay there. Our weekend was no exception; hundreds of lawyers in town for a conference at the Sheraton. It made entering and exiting the hotel quite a lengthy and challenging process. Parking is valet only at $33 per day. The Sheraton does not have any fine dining but the Daily Grill is a fine diner. The pool and fitness center are quite nice, located on the top floor with lots of equipment and great views. Overall the Sheraton is a nice hotel but it is far from the nicest in Seattle.