I am a VERY frequent stayer at the Sheraton Seattle, and, as travel season approaches, I just want to make sure I get my 2 cents in. First off, there is only valet parking on-site. It's 35 dollars a day with in and out privileges until 6pm the following day. If you choose to self park your car, the garage at 7th and Pike (behind the Cheesecake Factory) is 28 dollars/day with in/out privileges as well. Make sure to see the valet booth outside to get your pass to hang on your mirror to give you these privileges. If you don't want in/out, convention center parking is probably the way to go. If you can, catch the Greyline Downtown Airporter (roughly 10/11 dollars each way) to/from the airport (about 45 minutes). Metro city bus is 1.75 to 2.25 and takes 30minutes. Check in is at 3, but, if you arrive early, the front desk will try to get you in. Because it is the largest hotel in the Northwest (I think), there are plenty of business men and convention-goers and it gets pretty noisy/hectic in the lobby, so I probably wouldn't recommend it for a romantic getaway... Once cruise season starts, be prepared to have to wait for your room until "normal" check-in time at 3pm, and sometimes after. Of course, if you prepay on Priceline/Expedia/Hotwire/Orbitz, you are not guaranteed a room type. It gets difficult to try to switch room types in the Spring/Summer because the hotel is consistently full! Connecting rooms are very hard to get, too, so try and call ahead and as often as possible until they give you them. When they are sold out, they might try to offer you a "parlor". This is basically just a living room with no beds! So they will put a twin sized bed in there (its still comfortable) and will drop your rate to 99 dollars! It's great if it's just you, or you and your friends. There are two towers: Union (the "new one") and Pike (the "original one"). The only way to be guaranteed a room in Union is to book a "Deluxe" room. Otherwise, they can put you in either tower, and the rooms are completely different. Pike is 35 stories and has the pool/fitness center in it, as well as the Club Lounge. Union is 26 stories and has the business center in it. The views are better from Pike because half the rooms in Union stare straight back at Pike. If you can book a corner room (they cost a little more... like 20 bucks?) take it. They are awesome rooms. Bliss products in the room, Starbucks coffee, too. They are pet friendly and offer doggy beds to be brought to your room for free! The fitness center/pool area needs work, though. Free wi-fi in the lobby, 10 dollars to connect internet in your room. DO NOT USE THE PHONE! Local calls AND toll free are charged!! They just added a coffee shop, and gift shop, which are much needed additions to their lounge and their restaurant (Daily Grill). Check-out is at 12noon, and free late checkout is at 1pm. If you are Starwood Gold or Platinum, you get 4pm free late check-out! ALSO! Gold members don't get free upgrades to the Concierge Floor.. but "SPG floors" which have free bottled water. You can store your luggage at the bell desk, and leave your car in the valet and take a quick stroll to Pike Place or go shopping! I am there too often, can you tell?