Stayed at the Seattle Sheraton for one night in December before the Holidays. Have stayed here in the past, and enjoyed returning to the remodeled lobby and new tower. Stayed in the new tower in a corner King (very nice room). Booked the Macy's gift card special, 212, for room and a 100 gift card to Macy's. Not a bad deal for the room at 112. Check in was very fast. The new tower is a bit of walk to the elevators, so if that is an issue, I would ask for the old tower. As others have said the pool and gym are not in the new tower, so getting to the pool/gym, you must walk through the main lobby and go up to the 35th floor of the old tower. Room was fantastic, with a good view of Puget Sound (in between other buildings of course). This property is very close to all major shopping, dining, etct in DT Seattle. The Market is three blocks down the street (tough neighborhood, so be aware on your walk). Parking is brutal, but it is brutal everyplace downtown. Valet is the only option and is 27 a night. We used the Valet due to convenience. They were fast and efficient, unlike other posts have mentioned. I did call in advance to the Valet and ask if my car could be brought up. Both times it was waiting when I arrived 10 minutes later. If you don't need your car, park down by the Seattle Center (much cheaper) and take the monorail to Westlake Center. Hotel is only a few blocks from the Westlake Center. You can also park on the weekends in parking structures around the area for much cheaper, but during the business week it is a wash (five bucks less, and much more of a hassle). Again the new wing is very modern and nice. Typical 4* starwood property. Nothing wrong with the old wing, just a little more worn out and needs some TLC. Did not use room service this time, but in the past it was pretty good. No complaints. I would recommend this property.I have also noted that it is frequently bid on through priceline for 99 a night. That would be well worth it for either wing. Have fun in Seattle. We are local and love going downtown for a night here and then. Would gladly stay at the Sheraton again.