We stayed here over MLK Weekend and we really liked this hotel. Per other users' recommendations, we requested a room in the new tower. However, our flight was delayed and it was around 2 a.m. PST when we pulled up to the Sheraton. The gentleman working the front desk when we entered was having a very difficult time figuring out how to switch us to the new tower. Finally, he succeeded, and we went up to our room -- turned out he gave us a handicapped room, which meant having a strange bathroom with a seat in the shower and no counter space, as well as railing everywhere. It was way too late for us to have enough energy to ask for a non-handicapped room so we made do and went to sleep. Other than that, the room was quite nice -- brand new everything, including a nice flat-screen TV. Can't complain there! We did head to the original tower on a few occasions to use the gym. The hotel is very large and the pool/gym are on the top floor -- complete with beautiful views of Seattle and the Puget sound! However, for being such a large hotel, we were surprised there were only 4 treadmills. They were always in use and they had a sign on them about a 25 minute time limit when people are waiting. Not a huge deal, but definitely room for some improvement there. As mentioned by other reviewers, parking is also a problem. $35 to valet is insane. We parked at the Convention Center as it is one of the very few lots we could find in the area that allowed overnight self-parking. However, we were not lucky enough to experience the low rates as posted on the Convention Center website -- we paid around $22/day which is still a good savings from valet but by no means a bargain. I would highly recommend not renting a car if you're only going to be spending your time in Seattle proper, especially if you're staying at the Sheraton. There is a $10 Seattle Airport Shuttle that drops people off directly at the hotel which is definitely cheaper than parking! Overall, I'd definitely stay here again, just hopefully not in a handicapped room.