I was going to Seattle for the weekend for a quick getaway from Vancouver to do some shopping and go clubbing. I used Priceline to bid on a 4-star hotel room and managed to snag one for $99/night. What a great deal! I did some research at tripadvisor and discovered that the valet service was inconsistent and expensive, so my friends and I opted to park at the Convention Centre, which was quite close, although there are other garages around which may be a better price. We ended up spending $18 a night which apparently is a lot less than the valet (over $30). The check in was incredibly efficient, and took literally less than 1 minute. Also, I requested a room in the 'new' tower, as per the advice of many other reviews on here. The hallways were wide and fairly clean, although it seemed that room-service food sometimes sat around a long time before being cleared away. The rooms were clean and the beds were incredibly comfortable with nice thick pillows and a very nice duvet. The TV was a 36" LG LCD that did receive some channels in HD, although most were analogue SD. We also had an OK view on the 24th floor (again requested a high floor upon check in). Be aware: the food and minibar items are incredibly expensive and will cost you a lot. Also, local calls are not free and cost $1.75. The only negative was that the pool is inconveniently located in the other tower, which meant we had to trek across the lobby in our swimwear, although that was funny given the looks some guests gave us. Also, the pool had a lot of kids at it, so we avoided the hot-tub and just sat in the sauna. I guess we should have expected this, given the number of families checking in. Location wise, it is right in the middle of downtown and just off the I5, so it is very easy to locate. It is also fairly close to restaurants and next door to lots of shops. Overall, I would stay here again, as this experience was very positive and I was very impressed with the value for dollar. I recommend this hotel to anyone, but especially to those who are willing to use Priceline or are familiar with it.