My family and I stayed here in October 2007. I contacted the hotel directly and paid $219/per night. We stayed in the new tower, which had a commanding view of downtown Seattle. There was a major problem at check in, however: I had repeatedly requested connecting rooms. I initially made the request when I made the reservation and again when I reconfirmed the rooms from home the morning of our trip to Seattle. Each time I was told "No Problem". However, when we got to the front desk, the clueless receptionist couldn't find our request in our reservation and said there were no connecting rooms available. At one point, she said she didn't even think there were connecting rooms in the hotel. Wrong! We finally got checked in and upgraded to the new tower which does, in fact, have connecting rooms. The rooms themselves were quite nice and decorated in a modern style. However, the spiffy new coffee machines didn't work. (Upon checkout, the front desk said they were brand new and getting lots of reports from guests that there were problems with them.) The hotel's lobby is a good place to people watch and there are several computer stations with wireless connections, although you have to search a bit to find a printer. The Daily Grill is adjacent to and connected to the hotel lobby. It's a terrific, but expensive restaurant. Everything is expensive here but, after all, it is downtown Seattle. Warning: parking your car here costs $35/per night. The driveway of the hotel is completely insane during the busy periods and valets are swamped. One time, getting our car took 30-minutes. If you like to swim, be advised that the pool and spa are very small. If you're staying in the new tower, getting to the pool (located in the old part of the building) is difficult. You have to go down to either the lobby or second floor and traverse across. It's not well marked and, for some reasons, the hotel does not provide robes in the rooms. One really positive thing happened during our stay that has never happened to me at any other hotel anywhere: maids actually wrote little "thank you" notes after I left them tips in the morning. We stayed three nights and I always made sure to leave a nice tip for the housekeeping staff. My thought is, you give a waiter a tip for bringing you a meal, you tip a bartender for making you a drink, and you tip a valet for parking your car. Why not leave a decent tip to the nice people who clean your room and make it nice for the next person? I was pleasantly surprised to see the "thank you" note the first time, and surprised again to see another note from a different housekeeper on subsequent mornings. As far as location, this hotel is well situated to most of what downtown Seattle has to offer. But the baseball and football stadiums aren't exactly walking distance, so be aware of that.