I gave the Sheraton Seattle a 4-star rating primarily because we stayed in the Union Tower and the rooms were brand new, modern, clean, and very comfortable. If you're looking for a clean, comfortable room in a great location, this hotel will be perfect for you. We got the room for about $210/night (including taxes), which seemed to be the going rate on the travel Web sites and the SPG Web site in July and August 2007. The hotel is right on Pike Street and a close walk to everything Seattle has to offer. The room and location get the 4-star rating, but there were several problems with the hotel service. On the downside, the hotel is used by massive numbers of convention-goers, which makes the front desk VERY unorganized. We arrived at 1 p.m. Pacific time after a LONG day of travel from the East coast, and they would not let us check in despite my SPG Gold membership. We had to keep checking back at the front desk every 30 minutes or so, only to be told different things by different staff members. It was clear that there were rooms available, but that housekeeping just had not communicated that they were ready. It took over 3 hours to check in, and the front desk wasn't very helpful throughout the process. Other guests had problems checking in, too. The lobby was full of tired, grumpy people. There seemed to be no order to who got the available rooms first. Other negatives include a broken shower that was not fixed for a whole day (we had to call back when we returned in the evening), long hold times on the phone, and the pool and hot tub were closed for a day and a half without signs saying when they would re-open. Also, we did not receive a wake up call we had scheduled, so be sure to set 2 alarms if you stay here. Free WiFi is only available in the lobby -- not in the rooms. The gym is in the Pike St. Tower, so you have to go through the lobby to get to it if you are in the Union Tower. This Starwood property does not do free upgrades to the Club Level. I honestly don't think that having an SPG membership means anything to this hotel, because there were no obvious benefits. In summary, the rooms and location are great and you would probably like this hotel for a short stay. If you are staying for more than a few days, you might find better service and amenities at a different hotel.