The good - While requesting a view in Seattle can be fruitless - I didn't even realize I had a view of the bay until the day after I checked in, which was when the clouds lifted enough to see the ferry cruising through the grey water - it's also rewarding when the sun comes out. The room itself was warm (a first in my experience with hotel rooms, which tend toward the chilly side), and cozily decorated in sandy tones, with a very appealing bureau instead of the typical TV cabinet with bottom drawers. The room was clean and nicely turned out when we arrived, comfortable bathroom, closet, etc. The hotel employees I spoke to were all very pleasant. The hotel's in an excellent location for tourism - the Pike Street Market is a very easy walk down the street, and taxis are readily available nearby. There are three upscale malls of various sizes in the immediate area, with two large movie theatres, Borders, Barnes & Noble, Williams Sonoma, Anne Taylor, the original Nordstrom's, Nordstrom Rack, and I would say every other high-end retailer on the planet is represented. While much of downtown is hilly, Pike Street is very walkable, and not at all steep. Grayline Tours has a desk in the lobby, and picks up at the hotel for tours and for airport shuttles, which is handy. The bad - The hotel pool, which is inside on the top floor, was ill lit and rather chilly. Obviously heated, but not very well. The jacuzzi was very nice, however. The soda machine on my floor and on the floor above me were both broken, and the ones which did work refused to function if you used change rather than bills. The rather pleasant little porch area on the corner entrance was closed Sunday night, as part of the construction going on at the hotel, forcing everyone to enter and exit the hotel through the badly designed main entrance. This is essentially a driveway where the taxis, limos and cars are constantly arriving and leaving, so it's a bit hazardous to navigate, especially since there's no pedestrian walk that extends down to the public sidewalk; you just have to hop off the apron near the hotel doors and hope an SUV isn't about to swing around the corner, which is pretty much blind since there's a construction overhang. The lobby area was dark and uninviting. I'm guessing the Chihuly sculpture I kept reading about was removed during the construction, for safekeeping. Summary: overall, a nice hotel but with a few bad spots. I'd be a little concerned about the entrance issue if I was elderly, or travelling with someone elderly or shaky/weak on their feet, as getting from the door to the sidewalk is clearly a bit dangerous.