I stayed there for for nights with my partner, regardless of the negative and mixed comments I read on various travel websites. Quite honestly, I was absolutely nervous staying here---the price seemed too good to be true. However, once my partner and I settled in, we recieved wonderful customer service at the front desk! We actually felt welcome, which is a great feeling for our first time in a new city. The rooms are standard, but definitely clean. I'd only recommend making an advance reservation for a microwave if that is a need; but it is not guaranteed. Honestly though that wasn't much of an issue because there are so many hole-in-the-wall restaraunts, we hardly found ourselves carrying any left overs back to the room! Also, many people compalin about the club behind the hotel. Its really not an obscure area, and in fact the hotel itself is right across the street from the Westin---a very high star rated hotel. This confirmed to my partner and I that the area was a safe area, and we found ourselves walking back around 9:00 at night after visiting tourist attractions---and experienced no troubles at all. Its a very safe neighborhood, and I am guaranteed that we will be staying here every chance we get to come to Seattle. Absolutely beautiful city, and beautiful people. California needs to learn a thing or two from this city about composting! Hahaha. Overall though, definitely worth the money---especially if you have AAA. Besides, you're staying for the city, not the room! Did I mention how Google Maps over-exaggerates the distance from Pikes Place Public Market and Space Needle, and other attractions? 6th Avenue is actually one of the main streets that runs through the city, so you're always going to be surrounded by people and no sketchy alleyways. The only place I'd recommend to stay out of is on the weekends (including Friday nights) near the malls. We were seeing a concert on the last night of our stay, and were walking home at around 11-12 pm at night; there were a lot of sketchy fellows out and by the time we reached the Mc Donalds that is neighboring to the Sixth Avenue Inn, we felt secure. I'd say the best time to stay is during the week, so you can enjoy the town for what it is and not get caught in crowds on the weekends. Anyways, GREAT place to stay! AND AFFORDABLE! Disregard those negative comments, people are way too picky about hotels. Again, you're staying for the city, not the hotel! And there is no weird smell to the hotel----people are way overdramatic. And there is not "a lot of construction" going on that would disrupt your stay. Its a city for crying out loud, there's always things being torn down and rebuilt. STAY HERE IF YOU'RE ON A BUDGET!