My girlfriend and I spent 3 nights in Seattle, and we were very impressed with the Sixth Ave Inn. I felt some pressure bc I did all the planning and research for this trip, also we were traveling with another couple and they decided to stay at this hotel as well; Sixth Ave Inn did not let me down one bit! To start off, for a 3 star hotel, it was more towards 4 star in my book bc I have stayed at a lot of 4 and 5 star hotels. The rooms are clean and remodeled, and it came with a flat screen TV that always gives the room a more modern feel. The staff is very friendly and efficient, checking in and out was a breeze. Parking is only $15 per night, which is cheap compared to the rest of the hotels in Seattle. Some hotels have parking fees of up to $50 per night. Parking spaces are plentiful as well. I always "liked" Sixth Ave Inn on Facebook and booked my reservations through Facebook, and got an $80/night rate! My total for 3 nights was about $330 (taxes and parking). For the best part, besides the rate I got, was the location. I couldn't have asked for a better location, it was in the middle of everything. Staying at Sixth Ave Inn is kind of like staying in Union Square for those who have ever been to San Francisco. You can walk a block or two, and you are in a big shopping district. A few short blocks the other way is the Seattle Center, where the Space Needle is located; you can also see the Space Needle from your hotel by the way. Then, for my favorite part of the trip, you walk about 6 short blocks down, and you will arrive at the water, where the Public Market is. The Public Market has some nice restaurants around it, along with many bakeries. The first Starbucks is also here as well. It was about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. When I search for hotels, cleanliness and location matters the most; that convenience factor is very important to me. We barely drove on this trip bc we were able to simply walk! Some places we drove to were Bruce Lee's gravesite at Lakeview Cemetery; we drove to the International District to go to Seattle's first Japanese restaurant known as Maneki, they had great prices btw, and everything we had was super fresh! Other than that, we mainly walked everywhere, which is a huge plus bc we were also able to drink and not have to drive. One night, we partied at Pink Lounge several short blocks away, and we were able to walk, which was a huge plus. Tom Douglas is also a famous chef in Seattle, and there was 3-4 restaurants all in a one or two block radius of the hotel. We dressed up and fine dined one night at Dahlia's Lounge (look up reviews on Yelp, get the duck btw!), and Dahlia's Lounge was only a block and a half away. Serious Pie is right next to Dahlia's Lounge; across the street fro Dahlia's Lounge is Lola's. Palace Kitchen is also a block from Sixth Ave Inn. All these restaurants I mentioned are all Tom Douglas restaurants. There are several other fancier hotels next to the Sixth Ave Inn, such as the Westin, but honestly, I wouldn't choose any other hotel other than the Sixth Ave Inn. The rate I got (80/night), as well as the parking fee (15/night), and the convenience factor are unbeatable. My gf as well as my other two friends were also very satisfied w/ this hotel simply bc we were in the middle over everything. Seattle is a beautiful city, and staying at this hotel was a big part of my wonderful experience.