I booked this hotel because of the fact it is across the street from a Jazz Club. I was in town to see Dr John for two nights and you cant beat the safety and convenience of just having to cross the street to your hotel at night. My room was on the 4th floor and faced the Jazz Club. The Strip Club is on the next block over on the back side of the hotel. But! Dont think this is a bad area, it is not. The hotel is also surrounded by coffee shops, a salon, McDonalds, Westin Hotel, and office buildings. I am sorry, but I really think too big of a deal is made of the Strip Club being around. From what I saw of Seattle most of downtown was mixed. There were Fancy Joints mixed with sketchy joints in many areas. I had no problem with the area this hotel is located in. There are bus stops right close. It is true that there is traffic going by. I expect this in a city, so no big deal. I arrived very early and was met with very friendly and helpful service and was checked in right way. I was happy with my room and the view. The bed was comfy, but could have used a comforter blanket. I never even had to touch the air-conditioned/heater because it felt just right as it was. I made good use of the microwave/fridge and everything was clean and in good working order. I did not find my room to be dated so not sure what other people are expecting. I noticed the tub had a low side so it would be easy to get in/out if you had any mobility issues. Shampoo ect comes from a dispenser and it works just fine. I left a note for the maid to leave me a few extra sugar/coffee mate and she left me plenty. I find some places think a few means one so I always appreciate when they dont try and be Stingy with the stuff. There was a restaurant in the hotel that I did not try but I did look over the menu and it seemed to be at a fair price. I think the location of this hotel is great. I walked everywhere to and from it. There isnt even a need to ride the monorail to the Space Needle if you dont want to. Another great thing about its location was that it is right next to a Drop off/Pickup location (The Westin) for the Cheap Airport shuttle so you can choose an affordable way to/from airport and only have to cross the street to catch it. They have a secure place to keep your luggage after checkout if you need it. Id stay here again. My Room was Clean and Comfy, Location was perfect for me, I found the staff Helpful, Happy and Friendly and really its hard to find better than that.