I was in Seattle twice in July. The first time I stayed at the Red Lion and loved it; great views, good room, well located. And it had the price to go with all of that. So when I had to go back two weeks later I wanted to stay someplace that was much less expensive. After checking the reviews I selected the Sixth Ave. Inn and was happy with my choice. First, be clear that this hotel is exactly what is described, a budget hotel. It's a good budget hotel but it's not more than that. The front desk staff was great, no one with attitude there! The rooms were not large and are not modern, at least by my standards. However, the two rooms I rented were very clean. I also have to hand it to the hotel for being responsive to guest's concerns. I emailed the hotel when I made the reservations and asked that my rooms be as quiet as possible as this is important to me. Our rooms were reasonably quiet (for a downtown location). I can see that some rooms might get street noise so if this is of concern to you then let the hotel know ahead of time. I was also concerned about the "gentlemen's club" that is mentioned in several reviews, as I was booking one of the rooms for a relative that I was meeting in Seattle. Our rooms didn't look that direction but I have to say that it wouldn't have bothered me if they had. The "club" is in the next building but it isn't like it's right against the hotel, there is a bit of separation. Things that may raise eyebrows: first, the outside of the building is painted concrete block (at least that's what it appears to be). The building is well maintained generally (there were a few missing tiles in my bathroom but it appears that repair work had recently been done and the tiles not yet re-installed). One thing that I didn't particularly care for were the wall dispensers for the soap, lotion, shampoo, etc. That's personal preference and for the money I was saving I could live with it. In the two rooms that I rented there were no bathtubs, only showers (fine by me). I will also have to say that the air conditioning in our rooms worked great. I happen to hit Seattle during hot spells both times. The a/c at the Red Lion was okay but the a/c at the 6th Ave. could really chill a room. Bottom line: it's a very well run budget hotel. The location is great and I do mean great; we walked everywhere except for the brief ride on the monorail. The staff all seem to have an interest in their guests. If you time your afternoon visit to the front desk just right you'll also get a warm cookie. Parking is an extra fee.