I needed to go to Seattle on business so we decided to make it a mini-vacation in the process! We had a great experience at the hotel and in Seattle! We stayed 3 nights in a Luxe Suite and feel like, compared to "normal" prices for a downtown hotel room, we got a good deal at $169 per night. Andra is close to EVERYTHING downtown. It's an easy 4 block walk to Pike Place Market, 2 blocks to Westlake Center for shopping, and there are outstanding restaurants all over the place. You can also take the monorail from Westlake for a 5 minute trip to the Space Needle and the EMP. The Sea-Tac train is across the street from Westlake as well so you can take it from the airport and back if you don't mind taking your luggage two blocks. We had carry-ons so it wasn't a big deal. You don't need a car here! Everything is close! :) We were met by the front desk employees for check-in and it went very smoothly. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the area and the city. They also did things little things for you like hit the "down" button on the elevator for you as you walked down the hall if they happened to be standing close by. The lobby is great for sitting and visiting with friends or colleagues with nice furniture and a fireplace. There is easy access off the lobby to the bar area as well. The place is decorated beautifully with contemporary furnishings. The room was a typical two-room suite with a living area and separate bedroom with a french door entry. There was a couple of flat screen TVs and a desk for work if you need it. My wife liked the sitting area for putting on make-up, and that was needed considering the bathroom was a little on the small side. This is normal for older hotels that have been remodeled and it wasn't an issue. The entire room was roomy, and comfortable. There was ZERO wear and tear on this place. The upkeep seems to be really good and they take great care in making the place very clean. It's even nicer than it looks in the photos. My wife commented that it "looks better than the web site". The turn down service was great too as they put on nice music and leave delicious dark chocolates. Restaurants: Eat at Lola in the lobby! Great eggs benedict! Across the street is Dahlia Lounge which was good. Serious Pie (pizza) is across the street on Virginia Street and is SERIOUSLY good. We had it twice! Ralph's Grocery is at the end of the block on 4th Street take a right out of the lobby and it's on the corner. They have a really good wine selection, groceries, food, etc. I was actually really surprised how nice it was inside. Of course, go the the market on the water, and don't miss Etta's for AMAZING crab benedict and Cafe Campagne for some of the best French food I've ever had! Have fun!