We recently took an overnight trip down to Seattle to take in a play. Initially we were hesitant in staying downtown because a) too many cars/too much traffic, b) downtown Seattle can feel a bit overwhelming and impersonal, and c) to get anywhere, one must get in their car and drive. Not having stayed at Hotel Andra before (or any new hotel for that matter) invoked some uncertainty as to how things will be. Hotel Andra changed these perceptions (much to our delight!) and exceeded our expectations of a boutique hotel. The warmth and friendliness starts the moment you pull your vehicle up to the front door, from the valets to the front desk reception. The front waiting area of the hotel is understated elegance and simple but yet exudes much comfort. The understated elegance and simplicity is carried forth in the rooms and overall in the hotel. We got a great hotel rate and stayed in the king suite, which was a comfortable size room. While it was a hotel room, it did not feel like a hotel room. It felt more like a comfortable personal space that one might have in their own home. But the wonderfulness of Hotel Andra does not stop there. Attached to the hotel is a place called Lola's, owned by a renowned Seattle chef. My husband and I had a drink there the afternoon we checked in and breakfast the following day. Both times, the service and food was impeccable and delicious! (I highly recommend the made-to-order donuts!) Location wise, Hotel Andra was a perfect spot for one wanting to close to downtown venues and activities. We were within walking distance to the 5th Avenue Theatre, Pike's Market, close to all the main shopping downtown and a whole lot more. It was actually really nice that we didn't have to drive around to different places. (Oh, and did I mention about a little bakery across from the hotel, the Dahlia Bakery? Delicious breads and "I'm in Tropical Paradise" triple coconut cream pies??) The only negative about the whole experience is that I can't find any negatives! (not that I am looking but usually there are always some...) So, there you have it. Hotel Andra is that little piece of heaven in Seattle! We can't wait for our next stay and outing at Hotel Andra/downtown Seattle!