We booked this hotel to attend a concert at Key Arena -- the location is great. Borderline Downtown, edging into Belltown, very walkable. Our first problem was arriving. The hotel does not have an on-site garage or an area to pull into. The street in front, however, is designated a "Passenger Drop Off Zone", and they do have a Bell Desk on the sidewalk. There were no valets or doormen present and cars were parked in front on this busy street, with buses bearing down on us, so we drove around the block. On return, still no one to assist & no place to pull in -- we double parked & I went inside. No one at the desk. I was fully expecting to see our car rear-ended as cars swerved around us ... & we waited about 20 minutes for someone to show up. While we waited, we watched as hotel management dealt with a couple whose car had been vandalized while valet parked -- the window smashed. Finally a woman came to the desk & when I told her the problem with being double-parked, she smiled & patronizingly assured me that this happens all the time. I was hoping she was not referring to the vandalism! Our room was not ready, so we waited another 20 minutes or so, before being given keys to a room with a queen bed. We had reserved a king suite. We called the desk & were told they would bring up keys for a different room. The 1st room faced the back & definitely had a rather cold, un-welcoming feel to it. The bedspread had a stain right in the center. The 2nd room faced the street & was far more welcoming & comfortable. The street is noisier, but we prefer that to looking out on brick walls & industrial roof tops. The bed was exquisitely comfortable & the towels & linens wonderful. I loved the down pillows & comforter, & the warm, comfy bathrobe, & I enjoyed a power nap under the soft, extra blanket. Rather modern styled furnishings in a classicly styled room & it worked. Nice little bar area & bags of ice at the elevators fit right into the ice bucket. The downside -- the small bathroom. The toilet barely flushed. The sink tilted the wrong direction so the water would not drain out of it. Pretty yucky. Watch your elbows when sitting on the toilet -- a bit cramped. Lola's bar & restaurant is trendy with a nice atmosphere, good drinks, fun place. We didn't eat there -- we walked accross the street to one of my favorite haunts, The Dahlia Lounge. But we did have a bite off the bar menu -- lamb kabobs & pita with cauliflower & anchovy spread. I wouldn't do that again. The lamb was very tough & chewy & the "carmelized onions" were barely warm. The pita triangles were good, as was the spread, but there was not a hint of anchovy in it, and that's a taste that's pretty hard to hide. We had a great weekend escape & a very comfortable nights sleep, so if this is what you're looking for, Hotel Andra will fill the bill nicely. If you're looking for something really amazing & over the top, I'd look elsewhere.