I stayed here overnight before a cruise - I wish I had come a day or two earlier. I selected this hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor.com..The hotel was even better than expected. I just didn't want to leave! Usually the rooms in these downtown hotels can be small, but my room was enormous. It's also a traditional-sized hotel - not some mini-B&B wedged into a small lot, or a mega-hotel where you are just a number. Huge bed, writing/pantry area, huge walk-in closet, and beautiful bathroom that kept the historic features, but had all the latest updates. I especially liked the "dimmable" lamp they had in the bathroom, as well as the architectural features. There was a large flat screen TV, and wide full length mirror. The windows opened completely, if that's what you want...I was awakened the next morning to the birds singing in the trees right outside my window on 4th Avenue! That street is relatively quiet at night, so ask to face front. I didn't have time to sample the lounge, and restaurant, but they looked interesting and active. The restaurant is open early to serve a full breakfast. The hip design lobby was a buzz of activity, and all guests seemed happy - Nobody screaming at the desk or to eachother. The concierge was always there and helpful with my questions. The location is just fantastic, I was able to shop and drop stuff off at my room, and then go back out again. Westlake center is a few blocks away, with connections to the bus, light rail, and the Monorail out to Seattle Center. There's a Bed Bath and Beyond just across the street that has most anything a traveler could want. And you can spend a whole day shopping around Westlake and Pacific center - lots of nice shops and restaurants. Just past the Westin on 5th Avenue, there's a street car - http://www.seattlestreetcar.org that takes you out to a beautiful lake with a whole complex of shops and beautiful restaurants - It's a great way to get away from the tourist traps downtown, and see where the locals go..Get off at Lake Union Park station. All the attractions are close by, too including Bell Town. If you go all the way down to the piers, you'll need to take a cab back because that is an uphill hike! You might want to cab it to Pike's Market after hours, the area inbetween the hotel and the market fills up with characters after dark. I was sad to leave this hotel, and will be returning for a few days sometime just to enjoy the Seattle experience even more! And, for additional emphasis, I went on a chartered cruise, and the entire management staff and group leaders were staying at my hotel, I saw them gathering in the lobby early the next morning to be taken to the ship! So they must really be on to something.