First stay at the Edgewater. We were in town for a wedding so we werent planning to be at the hotel much. I landed this hotel on Hotwire, which worked out great since many others were staying there as well. I had planned ahead and being a saving traveler, I knew I wasnt going to pay $36 plus tax for parking if I didnt have to. Parking in the city hotels really has gotten out of control. Sometimes, depending on which hotel you can land some cheaper parking close by, which is what I did. There is a parking garage directly across the street on Wall Street (entrance on Elliot as well). I parked for $21 even. Check in was a breeze and staff was very friendly. Hotel lobby was nice and had a great view of the water. We got a City Lodge room on the 4th floor. I will say overall, there is a lot of walking to and from the rooms at this place. Its an older historical type hotel so it does have a lot of character, but be ready to walk. The room, while small was a great room. It had a queen bed, Flat screen TV, a chair and table, etc. The fireplace provides heat for the room. I liked that the window actually opened, unlike many hotels these days. The bathroom was amazing with a great shower. The shower was great for a tall person like me and had a fancy shower head that rains on you. Sorry, I dont know what they call those, but it was nice. It also had a detachable massage type shower head as well. The room had a mini bar with liquor, beer, and snacks; everything had an expensive price on it (as expected). There was an ironing board, bath robes, and a spacious closet in the room as well. The train runs right out front of the hotel and since we were on the city side, you can hear it, if your window is open. If you keep the window shut they provide pretty good sound proofing. It was easy to catch a cab and the valet guys were friendly and helpful in calling one for you. At the end of the night we did partake in some drinks at the Hotel bar which was large, spacious, and had a band playing. I was surprised that the bar closes at 12, even with a pretty full crowd. But at this point in the night we shouldnt have been drinking still.  The hotel offers a 12pm checkout which is nice and they have checkout via the TV, although ours wasnt working. Front desk staff was again friendly and check out was a breeze. I just got the car and parked near the valet while we loaded. The valet guys seemed to be a little irritated with this, but there were no regular parking spots. Overall, we had a nice stay. I would stay here again, especially if I had some more time to spend at and near the hotel. We did have lunch at Anthonys which is a short 5 minute walk, if that. There is also a deli on the way to Anthonys. I read that the hotel has a shuttle for downtown, which may come in handy, since this is farther down the waterfront near the cruise ships areas. I have one more stay next month in Seattle so I am excited to try yet another Seattle Hotel.