If I could give this hotel a 4.5, I would have. There are only a few little flaws in the hotel that deducted a few points. Stayed in Seattle the first weekend in November and chose The Edgewater due to its proximics to most of the major attractions in the city. We were without a car and are walkers so this was a plus. If you are not the hotel offers a free shuttle that runs every hour and will take you anywhere withing two miles. We only took the shuttle once and realized they don't pick you up (not a problem in our case) but...if they do they never mentioned it!! The hotel is older and at first glance may not be up to everyones perfection but it is well kept and does actually sit out over the water. It's next to the cruise line building, near the Aquarium, the wharf, and ferry buildings. Not to mention Pike Market and some amazing restaurants. The hotel offers wonderful views from the sitting area which comes complete with fireplace and from the lounge as well. Our room was a water front room and the views were wonderful to awake to. Our room was of decent size with comfortable bed, warm gas fireplace. docking station for and iPod and big bathroom. That bathroom was one of our low points. Our photos showed a soaking tub and I requested one when I called to confirm. I did not receive one, rather a very nice walk in shower. I was really looking forward to the soaking tub as we were staying there for three nights! Another disappointment was the cost of INTERNET. In this day and age I really do expect free Internet?! Most of our better hotels do offer it! Our room was right near the railway so we had a constant rumble. If this is going to bother you, ask for a room closer to the main of the building. I don't know how the rooms on the upper levels might fare with the sounds. Everyone at the hotel was very pleasant. Room service was fast and efficient. The food was very good as well. The one thing I would advise is if you ask for a cab; don't let them tell you to come down and let them call. You will sit for twenty minutes. Tell the front door man you will be down for a cab in ten! It's a $32 cab ride to the airport or a $40 town car ride. So if you are a tipper ~ you do the math?! It was clean, comfy, good food, good views...and a walk to everywhere! Enjoy. I'd go back in a heart beat!