My wife and I took the Amtrak train to Seattle for her birthday, and spent a night at the Edgewater Hotel. We walked from the King Street station to the hotel, arriving just after 1pm, only to learn our room would not be ready till after 4pm. So, we carried our bags around the waterfront with us the rest of the afternoon. (In all fairness, I never asked if we could leave our bags, as we only had one carry-on each. Also, the check-in time is posted I just wasn't watching the time). Check-in was fairly smooth, though I learned from overhearing another customer that I needed a key to access the mini-fridge in our room so we could keep our drinks cold. That seemed rather odd. The hotel is fairly high class, with valet's and luggage service, but this meant little to us walking in with our carry-on bags. The elevator is interesting with a large TV showing sea life, and perforated light walls on the sides in tree patterns. Once off the elevator, the hallway to our room was narrow as others have mentioned, but I fail to see why that matters for the short walk to our room. The room itself was clean and nice with rustic decoration as advertised. Except for the decorations, this was just your basic hotel room. The bath is to your left as you walk in, bed on the left, TV and fridge on the right, and chairs at the far end next to the window. The features that distinguish the room from your average motel 6 are the clawfoot tub in the bath, the sliding doors that open the bath to the rest of the room, and the gas fireplace in the corner. There's a large flat screen TV too, but we never even turned it on. Obviously, the Edgewater's best asset is the view. The motel is built on piers right out on the water and we had a great view of the boats coming and going out on Elliot bay. We opened both sides of the main window and spent hours looking out, listening to the sea gulls, and enjoying the sea air. Before checking out the next morning, we had breakfast in the Six Seven restaurant on the lower level. The view was great and the food was tasty, albeit a little overpriced (Fourty five dollars for breakfast for two). Overall, we had an enjoyable stay at the Edgewater. We were right down on Seattles waterfront, could open our windows to the water, and enjoyed soaking in the clawfoot tub. We even made full use of the noon check-out time. My biggest disappointment was the cost ($400 for the night). This was easily the most expensive place we have ever stayed and we have been in many better locations with larger rooms and more amenities. Our room at Edgewater was just a fancy Motel 6 room with a view. It was nice to be sure, but not worth twice what would we would pay anywhere else. Still, just about every motel I looked at in downtown Seattle is equally overpriced. I also thought it was kind of cheap to have to pay an access fee for the mini-fridge, and pay extra for a bag of popcorn. In a motel that appears to be upscale, you would think they could include something as basic as a few snacks at no charge. It also seemed like they were trying to sell you everything on site, from the bear on the bed, to the shampoos in the bath ($25 if you want to take them home!). Despite the sour expenses, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Edgewater again if we were visiting Seattle and could get the same room (#352).