My husband and I stayed in a basic room on the second floor. Our trip began with a ride from the airport, $45, in a white Lincoln Town car sent by the Hotel. When you arrive you see a beautiful entryway with a large fireplace and several valet attendants. They quickly help you out of the car and bring your things to the check in desk. The check in process is quick and we were in our room in a flash. The hallways and stairways take away from the elegance of this hotel; the carpeting is worn and because the elevator took so long we tried the stairs. Typical emergency staircase but there were broken ice machines and odd items seen as we walked up. Just wait for the elevator. The room was very nice; fluffy bedspread, little gas fireplace that you control, and the bathroom was very clean, stone tiled all over...to include the shower stall. No bathtub but the shower was interesting! Never took a shower without a door or curtain but the water pressure was amazing and I stayed in there forever! The only bad part of the room was the fact that we were on the street side. I felt like we were in the scene from My Cousin Vinny where the train keeps going by at horrid ours of the night. When we closed the door to the balcony we didn't hear it as bad, but the room grew too warm with it closed so we suffered with the many trains that went through. The hotel restaurant and lounge was great. Very interesting decor and beautiful views. We ate several meals there and enjoyed them all. Of all things to be my fav...the MAC n Cheese....sooooo yummy. And the Spinach salad. My husband and I are still trying to recreate the way it was made. Great location in relation to the Aquarium and a few other attractions with a short cab ride to Pike's Place and a cab ride to the Needle was around $20 but I think we got bamboozled on that one. The concierge at the hotel was GREAT and took special care of me when I needed to find the bar my husband and brother hunkered down at and he even delivered me safely to the door! All in all I say stay here before looking at the overpriced places right down town....Just shell out the extra bucks to stay on the water side. ;)