We stayed here for 2 nights, and were upgraded to a partial water view on the second night. Great beautiful location, but this hotel is definitely not for everyone. Here's the scoop: Location: Right on the water, close to the Seattle Art Museum. The views from the lobby are amazing, right onto the water. Unfortunately, it is right across the street from train tracks. The last train on Friday night was around midnight, and the first one Saturday morning was around 8:30. Last one Saturday night was around 6 p.m. A 5 minute walk to the aquarium along the water, where you can get some yummy ice cream and gift shops. There's also an amusement center with games and a carousel for the kids. Definitely take the elevator just a block or so walk away on the same side of the street up to the level of pike market. From there, it literally is a few minute walk away. On the way there, a World Market is a great place to get cheap snacks/drinks. $0.79 for a litre of water versus $3.29 along the waters. They sell beer and wine as well, with other house hold knick knacks. Hotel: As you approach the entrance, you're greeted by an amazing outdoor fireplace and water fountain. Great views from the lobby Floor to ceiling windows looking over the water. It's definitely has a unique decor. Fancy 'Alaskan' decorations. I wouldn't call it tacky (as others have), I quite liked it. This hotel has been awarded the 4 diamond rating from AAA 4 years in a row (according to the plaques on the wall). Great seating area in the lobby, a couple of fireplaces. Parking (valet) is $33 plus tax ($40 total) per night. That's standard for all downtown Seattle hotels (we stayed at the Westin once and it was $40 as well). After reading reviews, we parked across the street in a parkade. It's where all the cruise ship passengers park their cars. Only $20 per day. Safe and secure in my opinion. It closes at 11 p.m. and no in and out privileges. There's an attendant until it closes then the doors shut. Check-In Greeted warmly by a cheerful lady. No problems, and she upgraded us for the second night. Room City View As per previous reviewers, no matter what floor you're on, request a higher numbered room. For example, 238 is further away from the street (and the noise) than 211. Our room number was in the 30's so we were kind of in the middle. We could see the Space Needle and part of the harbour. Traffic noise was busy Friday as lots of people were in waiting to board the cruise ship the next day. The train wasn't too bad with the windows closed, but it does cause a low hum. Much louder when the train blows its whistle. I wasn't too bothered by it, but I can see how others might be. The room was on the smaller side, but comfortable. Nice flat screen tv. The bathroom was nice, yet small as well. I didn't mind it, but can see others wanting a bigger one. Lovely rain shower head, granite tiles in the shower. Good a/c. Each room has a gas fireplace, nice touch. The room was definitely decorated nicely, like a lodge. A fully stocked fridge, but no safe! You can give valuables to the front desk. Some parts of the room was squeaky, so not sure how the people below us felt. Room Water View The next night we were upgraded to a partial water view. Wow, what a difference. The rooms were much bigger. There was also a bear that acted like a foot stool. The patio was nice, 2 patio chairs and a table. We looked onto the cruise ship docks. A cruise ship was docked, so it obscured part of the view. But, we could still see out onto the water fairly well. Wow, nice, very nice. You could hear the water. Once the cruise ship left (at 4 p.m.) the view turned out nicer. We sat out on the patio and soaked in the view. Definitely can't be beat, I can only imagine what the full water view is like. Being on a lower floor, we could hear at times the people above us, as well as the bathroom. It really wasn't that bad, but I can see how it might bother some. Amenities No pool. Business center on the second floor with 2 computers with free internet. A lounge and a restaurant with gorgeous views. Didn't try the food, but smelled good. There is a gift shop on site. There's a free shuttle that will take you I believe anywhere within a mile or two. Overall I would recommend this hotel based on the excellent staff and location. If you're a light sleeper, then I'm not so sure unless you have a room furthest away from the street. The rooms are good (even the city view). We were lucky to have been upgraded. City view is 3.5/5 but partial water is definitely 4/5.