My husband and I visited Seattle for the first time to visit family . We selected The Edgewater off the Internet because it was on the water. We found the hotel to be quaint and ecclectic. The management and staff were friendly (with the exception of one young woman at the front desk). Our room was small but the view out the window of the water was wonderful so we didn't care. Besides, we spent the better part of each day of our stay outside the hotel exploring. The tub and shower in the bathroom were fine, but the sink drained very slowly. The bed was very comfortable with cozy bedding. The lobby was nice, restaurant good, but the 6/7 bar was our favorite spot! Great food, drinks, and service there. We hit their happy hour every day. (Try the "Olympic Sunset" martini!) Even the little gift shop was quaint and fun to visit. My major complaint was lack of coffee in our room - we were in Seattle! They had just removed the coffee makers from all the rooms as a cost-saving measure, I think. You had to either order room service (nice, but pricey) or go down to the gift shop off the lobby and stand in line at the Starbucks counter within the shop. I'm not into going that route at 7AM when I'm on vacation. (Note: since our stay we sent our daughter and her fiance to the Edgewater on their vacation, and she reported that coffee was once again in the rooms - management must have had enough complaints to reverse the earlier decision.) We also loved the location of this hotel and walked everywhere; Pike Marketplace, Space Needle, etc. There were several trails right by the hotel for a nice walk along the water and the cruise ships and ferry boats were close by as well. (We took a day and traveled over to Victoria - great fun.) All in all we loved it and will definitely go back. It's worth it to get a room with a water view; we were treated to seals swimming by a couple of times and the sunsets were breath-taking. We didn't rent a car on our trip because found the price to park concerning. We walked everywhere and caught a cab once to visit friends, and to take us back to the airport at the end of our stay.