Received a very good price on priceline's "name your own price" and was super excited when I looked up the hotel!. Amazing location! It's located right on the pier just like their name suggest.. Fantastic views. It's less than 5 minutes away from the Olympic Sculpture Park which is a nice stroll looking at some great sculptures. There's so much history regarding this hotel with Beatles having stayed there and fishing out their window from their room. I however was disappointed (might have to do with the discount from priceline) to find that my room was street-level and all the way down to the end of the wing. It faced the parking lot/street and a bit noisy with the train going by just across the street. Steep valet parking rates of $33 was also a buzz kill, but there's a parking structure just across the street from the hotel and it only costs $18/overnight. There's no real need to rent a car if you're planning to stay in the downtown area. There's a free tram with a stop right outside the hotel, that travels down the length of the pier if you're not feeling inclined to walk. Pike Place Market was two stops away on the tram and there's an elevator that takes you up the hill. I wished I had know this ahead of time. The rooms were cozy cabin-chic with a fireplace in the room and a teddy bear on the bed to greet you. I found the bed to be comfortable and clean sheets. The coverlet on my bed had something caked on it, which was a bit disturbing but who really doesn't know how dirty coverlets are. The bathroom was gorgeous. It's almost a cross between rustic and modern design. No tub, just a walk-in with ceiling to floor glass partition that only goes 2/3 of the length of the shower so the floor in the bathroom can get a little wet if you're not careful. I have to give rave reviews for the rain showerhead and the hot water - bliss! I didn't want that shower to end. Overall the hotel was decent for the price I received. I read about others getting upgraded for free for waterfront view which would have been lovely. I would still recommend this hotel to family and friends but I don't believe it lives up to a 4-star rating.