I LOVED THIS HOTEL! After reading some of the reviews I did not expect the hotel to be anything really special... but it truly is. I think Seattle is a gorgeous city and while we have many very nice hotels this one stands out to me because it is the very epitome of Pacific Northwest and everything lovely Seattle has to offer. My husband and I pulled up to the valet parking to be greeted by a huge beautiful outdoor glassed- in fireplace. The valets were friendly and efficient. The lobby is open and airy with handsome furnishings and really nice views. Check in with Ben was quick and easy and to our delight we were upgraded to a gorgeous waterfront room. When we opened the door to our room we knew we were in for a treat. There is a beautiful bathroom with a glass and slate freestanding shower and a heavenly claw foot tub. There are French doors that open from the bathroom into the main room so you can enjoy the Puget Sound view while bathing. In the main room there was a huge modern log style king bed with lush linens and a TEDDY BEAR. There is also a sitting area with comfy leather chairs, a corner fireplace and a large furred bear ottoman that I really wanted to take home. (I saw that you can purchase them in their gift shop) There is a Lodge type, comfortable feel to everything, but in a modern contemporary way. Our room was on the second floor right above the restaurant. After taking time to fully appreciate our room and hearing all of the fun they were having below we decided to visit their happy hour :-). It was obviously a Seattle hotspot. It was a packed house. They have some seating outside right on the water. We had the most fabulous cocktails and while we had dinner reservations elsewhere the appetizers looked delish so we will have to try the Six Seven restaurant next visit . Later I read the the "Mixologist" has won national awards for his delicious concoctions. The hotel is in a good area of waterfront shopping and restaurants. It is pretty close to the cruise terminal too. After a wonderful night in Seattle we came back to our room, started the fireplace, opened the windows and a bottle of wine and just completely enjoyed the beautiful views, boat traffic and the twinkling lights of the city. I woke early the next morning to the sound of seagulls and ferries. I made a cup of Joe and took it all in again. It was our 20th anniversary and it couldn't have been more perfect unless we stayed longer. If you are looking for just any ol hotel you can find in any ol city this might not be the place for you.... but if you want a true Seattle experience it just doesn't get any better .