Our settled policy in Seattle is that Grandma and Grandpa graciously decline the use of the sofa bed in the TV room and book somewhere in the downtown area. We do this about four times a year and have come to know the downtown hotel scene fairly well. The economy being the mess it is, we booked on Priceline and wound up with the Edgewater. After reading some of the reviews, I was struck with bigtime buyer's remorse. Totally unfounded, I mean REALLY unfounded! We had a very pleasent stay and would return. On arrival our room was upgraded to a King (no charge). We were offered a waterside room at an additional $20 per nite. We declined. We asked about the dreaded train noise and were given earplugs. Unless you are a very light sleeper, a room above the second floor has minimal traffic noise. The decor is what it is. I would not have rustic lodge in my house but this works well in its setting. The furniture and fabrics were in good shape and the linens were of excellent quality. Robes were included in room. The toiletries were Noble House spa products including glycerine and bath bars. The bathroom was one of the largest we have had in Seattle and very well appointed vis a vis lighting and makeup/shaving mirrors. A full sized hair dryer is included. The towels are big and fluffy. The bed is very comfortable. I had read some complaints about the housekeeping. I, mother of the Executive Houskeeper of a competing chain, know exactly where to look. I looked. Whoever Linda is, she knows how to clean an hotel room. Over a 3 nite stay, the service was consistant. The front desk is equally responsive to requests. We have the minibar and the snack basket removed upon arrival. I try not to have Godiva Chocolates and other gratuitous carbs dangled in front of my diabetic spouse. They are very nice and pricey carbs if one is interested. The cab service, shuttles and wake-ups were all performed cheerfully and as requested. They corrected a room service billing error no questions asked. The restaurant food is good. In Seattle you have to be good or you're gone. There is too much good food in this city to tolerate the mediocre. The service is cheerful but a bit absent minded. Corrections are taken in good part however. A very "no Harm, No Foul" sort of attitude. Room service hours are on the short side and very early departures need to make other arrangements for breakfast. We had a very positive experience and would stay here again.