I read a few reviews from people who booked the Edgewater hotel through Priceline, so I was a little nervous. Fortunately, our experience was very pleasant. Knowing that the hotel charges $28 for valet parking per 24 hour period, we decided to go ahead and arrive early and park the car for the day and just walk around downtown. When we arrived around 1:00 we told the valet that we hadn't checked in yet but could we park, they were very nice and accomodating. We went ahead and went to the front desk not expecting to check in, but got our room reserved and everything. The service was very friendly and I didn't get any "attitude" about booking through Priceline. We were offered an upgrade to a water view room for $50 but declined. (Another reviewer mentioned the spacious lobby with fabulous water views - I agree that between the VERY comfy lobby, lounge, and dining area there are plenty of places to sit and stare at the water if you want to so you don't need a water view room). There were no rooms ready, but we were told that there was only one party ahead of us and that they would call us when the room was ready. No problem, since we weren't expecting to get in early anyway. We were called within an hour & given access to the room. We went ahead and took our luggage up to check it out. It was room 407 facing the city. For a "non" premium view, we had a very nice view of the city including the space needle. Of course, at the Edgewater you are pretty much "below" the town, so it's not like you have this huge 360 degree view, but looking at some of the photos of dumpsters from another reviewer, this was definitely better than that and quite pleasant. The room was quite small, but cozy and comfortable. Neat bright red painted bathroom with black & chrome accents. Nice "rain" shower, good smelling soap/shampoo, etc. Upscale amenities. Fridge, small TV, nice ice bucket & glasses. Comfortable bed & pillows. I think it would have been TOO small for more than a night or two, but for one night it was fine. The most attitude we got was from the bartender at the lounge. And some of the lounge patrons were a little chichi for me, but it was still a nice night out with hubby. Negatives: the elevator floor was dirty - it had dark stains on the carpet and looked like it hadn't been vacuumed. I noticed this more the day we checked out so maybe it was just especially trafficked over that 24 hour period. Postives: definitely a good deal for $135 on priceline ($110 bid plus their service fees). Easy walk to Pike Place Market, waterfront, fairly easy walk to downtown shopping district.