OVERVIEW: as with all of my reviews, I rate the property to similar area facilities not class of hotel in one area vs. same class in another area. Located on the waterfront adjacent to downtown it is an approximate 20-30 minute ride from the airport. Cab ride was $33.00. The structure consists of a single wooden 4-story building located on a pier. The dcor theme of the hotel is lodge or Adirondacks cabin. Single restaurant and bar. Small Gym and gift shop. Starbucks counter in lobby. Parking is outside, on the property and limited. Downtown is an easy walk (especially if you find the elevator) as DT is located on the hill above. Several restaurants and the famous Pike Street market within easy walking15 min or so. The Beetles stayed here and fished out one of the windows. Photos available. Do get a waterfront view room. Worth the extra. THE GOOD: Rooms are eclectic furnished in the Mountain lodge theme. Each room seems to be slightly different. Size matters here. On the street side they can be quite small. Some (read upgrade) have great soaking tubs. A sliding wall (ala Japanese style) opens and you can view panoramic view of mtns, bay etc from tub. Some rooms have gas fireplace. Large 42 plasma t.v. Small desk two sitting chairs in upgraded room. Great contemporary bathroom with rock and some granite. Shower is glass and open sided. Bellman at door on arrival. Great bedding. Breakfast buffet in the restaurant. Mini Bar service, daily paper. Catering service and functions including food were outstanding. Wonderful view lobby. Band in bar. Hotel has free shuttle service into town. Small business center but adequate. This place exudes atmosphere. Food on premises was excellent. THE BAD: Would not recommend this hotel for handicapped. Facilities are small and could be difficult. Noise. There is no refuge. If you have a waterfront you are subject to anything from ship horns to waves hitting the aluminum docks. Restaurant/bar below some rooms could be a problem. On the street side many complained of parking lot and train noises. Occupant above kept me up with late night pacing on carpeted floor. Bring earplugs for good nights sleep. With the sliding wall some people may find their toilet privacy lacking as the wall is basically paper. Lighting in bathroom somewhat dim and short on shelf space. Outside bell service, even when given advance warning of large parties did not secure taxis. Could not decide if this was on purpose or not, as there was always a more expensive limo available parked in the lot. Attitude of the employees (except catering) seemed a bit aloof, especially reservations. That said service was always more then satisfactory except for the cabs and read below. THE UGLY: Bar Service. Downright unsatisfactory, and on the high end, price wise. BOTTOM LINE: This is a great venue, a definite must do. The hotel is campy, nearby most venues, has great rooms and charm and decent food. Wonderful venue for either personal or business events.