My son's wedding was held at the Edgewater this past weekend- (July 7-9). My family stayed in cityside rooms for the weekend and we had a memorable time. So much about the Edgewater is postive but nonetheless there is room for improvement. First the positives- 1. The setting is magnificent! Whether in the lobby, the restaurant or in the banquet rooms, the Edgewater is all about the most magnificent water views in Seattle. 2. The staff is very accommodating and personable. Whenever there was a concern, they were quick to rectify the situation. 3. The SixSeven Restaurant had delicious food and spectacular views. Be prepared to pay top dollar and have a leisurely meal with attentive yet somewhat slow service. 4. The rooms all have a rustic charm as does the entire hotel. The lodge feeling that permeates the hotel is both welcoming and luxurious at the same time. 5. If you happen to be fortunate enough to host or have an affair in the banquet room(s), you will be so pleased by the decor, service, food and setting. Now, the negatives: 1. Room 343 (our room) had quite a few problems. First of all, it smelled awful when we entered. After complaining to the front desk for more than an houir, a maintenance man came to the room, sprayed some deodorizer (which did help) and apologized for the smell. The manager on duty was extremely apologetic and offered us a credit on our bill which was appreciated. 2. This room needs to be lived in by those who remodeled it to appreciate its challenges. Granted the bathroom was beautiful, re-done in flagstone tile, shower and modern sink. However, the closets are located in the bathroom with two heavy French doors at its entrance that bang and clang whenever you try to open them. Don't try entering the bathroom when someone is sleeping because that person will wake up immediately. 3. Since the closets are in the bathroom, it is impossible to get your clothes if someone is using the bathroom. In additon, there isn't any mirror in the entire room except the sink mirror in the bathroom. Try getting dressed for a wedding with your wife and sharing an over-the-sink bathroom mirror! 4. The lighting in the room is dim- since you face the city side, you do not want to open the curtains so lighting should be a priority in the room. 5. The lounge prices are outrageous (even when compared to New York metropolitan prices!) And $17 for a mini-tray of six grapes, a couple of slices of watermelon/honeydew with 6 cheese wedges! 6. Valet parking is charged by the day even though the lot is in front of the hotel, half empty and easily accessible for self-serve parking. In conclusion, the Edgewater is still an amazing experience. Since you are paying so much anyway for the room, opt for the scenic waterview rooms and chalk it up as a selfish extravagance. It just seems that for the prices that are charged at this hotel, there should be more attention to detail, value and comfort.