We stayed at the Sorrento Hotel twice this month, Oct 9th for 4 nights, and again Oct 18th for 1 night. My husband had a surgical procedure at Swedish Hospital, about an 8 min walk from the hotel. In the mornings I would go to the Sugar Bakery (2 mins from the hotel!) on my way to the hospital...FABULOUS lattes, homemade pastries/scones/muffins and soup for lunch....incredible staff as well) I made the original booking over the phone and spoke to Trevor. I mention his name because he is amazing...always helpful, friendly, courteous, and very welcoming. We found all the staff, from the valet crew to the concierge to the front desk staff, the staff in the Lounge and the Hunt Club, to the few housekeeping staff I encountered, excellent, always greeting you with a hello and a smile on your way in or out. We were in Room 600, a JR suite and loved the room; clean, spacious, comfortable, nice bright bathroom, nice warm robes, big closet, and I really liked the desk where I used my laptop frequently. My husband's one night in the hospital became 2 and I felt safe and comfortable on my own in the room. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and so we returned again the next week for 1 o/night. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is charming and has such great history and character. Beautiful high-back chairs in the lounge, nice warm atmosphere in the lobby and dining room. It was a bit of a stressful time under the circumstances (my husband's operation), but we felt very comfortable at the Sorrento and enjoyed our time there. We will definitely go back and hope to get room 600 again! Having eaten in the Hunt Club the first visit, which was good, we decided to try dining out on the 18th, as it happened it was Seattle Restaurant Week...so we ate at Osteria La Spiga and took the hotel 'town car' there and back. The concierge highly recommended it. It was excellent as well, authentic Italian food and excellent service. I did a lot of walking from the hotel and it is an easy 20-25 mins walk to downtown and a nice cardio hill climb back up from 1st to the Hotel on Madison!