I didn't choose the Sorrento Hotel; it was chosen for me. And thank goodness! In a world of mediocrity and warmed-over clock-watching hospitality, the Sorrento Hotel proved to this weary business traveler that there are owners and staff members who still focus on the customer experience. Like everything else in life, it's the little things that make the difference. Thanks to a delayed flight, I was denied the opportunity to enjoy an evening meal during my travels, and arrived at the hotel at 11:00 PM (exactly when the kitchen closes). I asked the server if there were any cold items that might tide me over until morning. He did one better: he convinced the kitchen to conjure up one more Huntsburger with smoked bacon, Huntsman cheese, and crispy fries (every bit as good as it sounds). Upon entering the room, I was astounded to find that my king-bedded room had a walk-in closet. My first car wasn't as big as this closet. In the bathroom - with Italian marble - there was a place for everything: shaver, lotion, toothbrush, shampoo, etc. How many times have you ever-so-carefully balanced all of your toiletries on the side of the deco sink, only to find them in the sink drain or on the floor moments later? This detail is too often overlooked in hotel renovations (tsk, tsk); which brings us to the study desk in the room. I like WiFi as much as the next business traveler - where would we be without it? But for those of us with a VOIP phone and/or a webcam, wired Internet access is the only way to go. You can imagine my shock and awe when I plugged my ethernet cable into the desktop port and witnessed the warm glow of link lights. I was almost as happy as my two-year-old daughter was to see "daddy on the computer". Every hotel on the planet brags about their bedding and linens. Sorrento is the first in my road-warrior career to back it up. Enough said. Heading down for breakfast my first morning, I noticed the word "Monday" monogrammed in the carpet in the elevator, and couldn't figure out what it meant. It wasn't until Tuesday morning that I figured it out after seeing that "Monday" had been replaced by "Tuesday". Wow!! In my defense, I had not had any coffee at that time. : - ) Breakfast - served by a professionally cheerful server by the name of Tim - was Salmon Eggs Benedict. Yes indeed. My meeting was held in the hotel - the Ravello Room (I think) - and was adequate in every way. Now if we can only do something about the car horns in Seattle... You would have thought we were closer to New York City. I just don't think I'll ever get used to that. After the meeting, Kody at the concierge desk recommended that we take a walk to the Pike Place Market. It seemed a far walk; but when broken up by a quick bite to eat, truly is an enjoyable walk (not to mention that the walk from the Sorrento to Pike Place Market is ALL DOWNHILL). The walk back to the hotel was not as friendly, but we resolved to walk the whole way, unless one of us collapsed from exhaustion. We didn't, and we have a new found respect for Seattle pedestrians, bicyclists, and parking brakes. After two days of meetings, it was time to return home. As my flight was at 6:00 AM, the front desk agent offered to brew some fresh coffee for her first check-out at 4:00 AM. Her offer was angelic and quickly accepted by yours truly. As I was driven to the airport in the rain, I told myself that I would post an online review of my experience. There is a saying that if a guest has a good experience at your hotel, he will tell three people. If a guest has a bad experience, he will tell ten people. I want to do my part to reverse this trend, because the Sorrento Hotel truly deserves the word of mouth. Heck, I may even tell more than ten people. But Im still not going to use my car horn. : - )