We booked The Sorrento as I wanted to give my husband a lovely weekend away as a Christmas gift. I also looked at The Alexis, but was more taken by the Old World charm of The Sorrento. While the experience was a good one, I am not sure I would return to this property. Here are the pros and cons, keeping in mind this was planned as a romantic interlude. Pros: Fabulous, and I mean truly amazing staff. Jeffrey, a concierge, was especially charming. The staff members were beautifully dressed, low key and exceptionally professional. They knew our name each time we came down, and were very accommodating. Gorgeous king bed with excellent linens, including a variety of huge, fluffy pillows. Lovely decor throughout, dark and full of ambience. Beautiful Fireside Bar with soft Jazz entertainment. Pleasant restaurant. We didn't eat there as we are vegetarian and wanted to check out Caf Flora. Cute factor: The elevator mat is changed daily and incorporates that particular day of the week. Cons: No coffee/tea maker in room. We went out and bought a kettle. I found this hard to take as I like my wake-up cuppa. I found out after my return that I could have asked for one. (This information was provided by their very helpful and pleasant client services manager.) However, there was no card advertising this point, it was not (as far as I can recall) in the service guide, and no one told me at the front desk. This minor point bugged me as, being a Brit, I find I get very antsy when I can't make tea. Not-too-pleasant scent of "old buildings" in the bathroom, which was also cold and drafty and did not have it's own heat. Very pretty though and well equipped. Lovely bath robes. Location not central. While the hotel operates a "town car" we had out own wheels and drove into Seattle's city centre. We think we prefer to walk out into the thick of things. The hotel is in a residential area. This said, that is just out personal preference. We would definitely recommend the hotel to friends, but we would mention the cold bathroom and to ask for a coffee press. It is for these two reasons that I have rated our stay a 4 and not a 5.