My boyfriend and I arrived at the Sorrento on Sept 6 and departed on Sept 9. The entire time we kept remarking on how helpful the staff was. We've stayed at some very nice hotels and he travels 50% for business and we both agreed the Sorrento was fantastic. Upon checking in, the concierge came up to our room to show us the details of the room and comment on the conservative nature of the lounge/bar if we were inclined to go. I suppose we looked a little younger than their average guests (we're both in our mid-20s) and he wanted to make sure we knew what we were in for. He made dinner reservations for us and arranged for the towncar to take us there and back. While at dinner, Jerry - the incredible concierge, called in and sent complimentary crab cakes to our table. They never seemed put out that we requested towncar service several times a day. All the valet staff were extremely courteous and helpful - not to mention pleasant to look at :) My meal from the Hunt Club (via room service) was mediocre, but I wan't very hungry and I doubt that their tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich are the house specialty. Breakfast in the lounge was fantastic and I also liked the real in room coffee grounds and press. There is a definite musky odor in the hallways, but I think this could be fixed by a good Febrezing. The room did not have the same musky odor. Regarding a previous reviewer's comments about the lack of natural light - is the lobby darker than other hotels? Yes. However, I think this adds ambiance and beauty, rather than detracting from this hotel. You really feel like you are in the old world and the Sorrento is the longest operating hotel in Seattle - since 1908. I whole-heartedly recommend this hotel. My boyfriend regularly stays at the Seattle Westin and is switching his stays to the Sorrento after this week. It was less expensive than the other upscale chain hotels and there is no way you'd receive the same level of service and value for your dollar anywhere else in Seattle.