We stayed at the Westin Seattle for 3 nights in late early September 2011. Room on 39th floor of North Tower faced West (towards water and Space Needle) which made for amazing sunset views. Very comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. We had requested a quiet room and were given a room at the very end of the hall. This location turned out to be not quiet because the doors are thin and/or noise travels very well (when we returned and quietly opened our own door one night, our next door neighbor thought we were opening his door). So we ended up listening to housekeeping using the utility closet every morning. Somehow it was quite loud in what was a not very populated hallway--if you want a quiet room, ask to be away from both the elevators and housekeeping. When we arrived around 6 pm, I asked the front desk to send sheets/blanket up for the sofabed right away and they said they would do so. An hour later, we had to leave for a dinner engagement, but there were no sheets. When we spoke with the concierge about this on the way out, we told her that we had waited an hour and housekeeping had not appeared; strangely she did not ask for our room number nor took any action, but simply assured me they was coming. Four hours later when we returned, there were still no sheets. In essence, the hotel was sold out for a conference and while the staff were always polite, they were not particularly friendly nor did they step up to make our stay feel more than a standard experience. The location was great, but I got the impression the guests were basically on their own. Some tips: If you go to Pikes Place Market, keep in mind that the vendors close up around 4-5 pm --and start early. You can buy huge beautiful bouquets of fresh flowers for very reasonable prices (nice romantic touch). Great take-out sushi can be had at the food-court at nearby Westlake Mall. The Westin charges $41 for self-parking, but there is a lot right next door that charges $22 and it has a skyway that links into the Westin. We had a 12 year old who really enjoyed the Boeing Museum of Flight, the ferry cruises, the EMP, and of course, the Space Needle.