The Westin is located in easily the best location for tourists visiting Seattle. My husband and I did not rent a car and found it very easy to navigate around the city without one (of note, parking is a premium as it is in any major city and if you rent a car from the airport, you are loaded with a ton of airport taxes). From SeaTac airport, the best (and most affordable) way to get to the hotel is to take the Light Rail all the way to the end (one way is a meager $2.75 per person and takes about 30 minutes). The Light Rail is located at the end of the airport Parking Garage. Follow the signs, which are clearly marked. At the end of the Light Rail stop, it's about a 5 minute walk to the hotel. The hotel is beautiful and clean and the room we had was very spacious. It was well thought out for business travelers (a nice desk overlooking the window to comfortably accommodate laptops and files) as well as leisurely travelers (a large couch to place all the souvenirs without tripping all over them). The bed was super comfortable and the a/c worked just fine. There aren't too many rooms per floor for such a large hotel (there's 12 rooms per floor), making the stay feel a little more personable for its size. Despite being on the 41st (out of 48) floors, the elevators were very quick and efficient. My only small complaint is that I wish the bathroom amenities came with a shower gel rather than a bar of soap. We did not take eat at the cafe near the north tower elevators nor the restaurant, so I cannot comment on that. However, there are a ton of excellent restaurants within walking distance. The two we tried and highly recommend were Dahlia Lounge and Spur Gastropub. Here's a breakdown of what is nearby: The famous Pike Place Market is about a 5 minutes walk away and Pioneer Square is about 15 minutes walk away. Fashionistas would love the largest Nordstrom store I've ever seen (I believe it's the flagship location) and surrounding shops/mall just a few streets over. Taxi ride to Capitol Hill cost about $8.00 and about $10.00 to Canlis restaurant (a must go restaurant for foodies). Overall I was very pleased with our 3 night stay. The only reason why I did not rate this 5 stars was because we encountered with disappointing service during our second night. We had extremely noisy guests next door who started to argue at 3:30AM. They were using a lot of profanity and we did not feel it was in our position to knock on their door. In addition to their arguing, they also brought a dog that was barking. The noise was loud enough to where you could hear it from the hallway. We called front desk twice to have them contact the guests, but nothing was done. The guests continue to argue without anyone from the hotel contacting them. Unfortunately, we had to wake up early to attend an all-day seminar, so that was not a very pleasant day for us. I want to be clear that I am not giving a lower mark because of the noisy guests. I know that the hotel cannot control the type of people staying in every room. However, I was highly disappointed that nobody from security or front desk failed to respond to our repeated requests to contact the noisy guests that they were disrupting us. I felt we did the right thing to notify the hotel of the issue and that they should have addressed our request more promptly...or at least offer us an explanation as to why nothing was done if they were unable to do something about it. Fortunately, the guests checked out the next night, so our final night was quiet and allowed us to catch up on some much needed sleep. Despite that, I admit that the rest of our stay was perfect. I would stay there again. I would just bring ear plugs and keep in mind that not all guests are considerate to others nearby.