I never write hotels reviews, but this time I feel compelled to it due to the caring and professional service I encountered at the Westin Seattle. I was a lecturer in a conference held at the hotel, so I did not pay for the room. Therefore, I am unable to comment about the price/quality ratio. I also tend to dislike business hotels and rather stay in small boutique or grand classic hotels. But the Westin Seattle is ideally located, in a clean and safe street, close to shops, restaurants and the fantastic Pike Market. The hotel is in need of a renovation -although I understand that a major one will take place this year-. But the lobby is pleasant, spacious and well maintained. The rooms are of a good size -specially when compared to European standards- , extremely clean, the bathrooms good sized and the amenities were good too. The staff does a good job keeping the rooms comfortable and helping the guests in every possible manner. I was assigned a large room with a comfortable king size bed. I went to bed and, at two in the morning I woke up unable to breathe. I am allergic to insect bites (some more than others) and know an anaphylactic reaction. And I always keep my emergency medication for such reaction at hand. That night it laid in the nightable. I could administer the medication on time and was able to breath again, when I discovered that my whole left arm and leg were covered in bloody dots. I knew that I had been bitten by an animal and called the front desk. A security team arrived immediately. They explained me about bed bugs -I had never heard about them- and that they are becoming a problem in the USA. Although they did not have that problem at the hotel, they couldnt rule it out. When I left, they had isolated the room and were about to bring dogs trained to find bugs -another thing I had never heard of'-. I was immediately moved to a suite at the last floor. Way too big for me. I could comment on the decor (after all, I am an architect) but the room was spacious and had a fantastic view. The hotel managers on duty (Michael and Mohamed) were at all times kind and concerned. An appointment with the doctor was arranged for me and the doctor could count over 90 bites on my leg and arm but was not sure which animal caused it. It was a pretty horrid experience, but the hotel staff went through great lengths of pain to assure that I could do my job and have a pleasant stay. I also had an important dinner party, for which I had bough a pretty Channel dress -short skirt and sleeveless- which I could no longer wear due to the extensive rash and scaring of my arm and leg. The hotel took over the expenses of a new pants outfit -no Cahnnel this time, though-. What makes the most of a stay in a hotel is the attitude the owners and staff have towards their guests and customers. Regardless how modest or elegant the hotel would be, if the owners, managers and staff have the mission to be sure that their guests have a pleasant stay, then you can be assured that you are in a good hotel. The way how the staff at the Westin Seattle took responsibility on a potentially serious matter and the delicacy and warmth of their approach to it makes it clear that everybody involved in the business of managing a hotel know what they are doing. I hope that more hotels -or business in general- could see that costumers' safety and comfort are the priority. Thank you to the staff at the Westin Seattle. Placing the bugs aside, I recommend the hotel highly.