My husband and I drove down to Seattle for 2 night stay at the Westin. I was generally looking to get a great rate on Priceline, and we got a great one so overall we are happy with our stay. THE PROS: The location and service! The location cannot be beat if you are looking to be in the heart of downtown Seattle and want to do all the touristy things within walking distance. Seattle is not a great city to be driving in due to congestion and few parking spaces, so if you want to be central then this is it. We parked in the Westin (Impark) Garage next door (not underneath the hotel) that is connected by the skybridge, and it was $22/night with in&out privileges. Well worth the money since we could come and go as we pleased and didn't have to worry about our vehicle. I believe the garage was pretty safe as it seemed to be manned 24/7. We walked pretty much everywhere including the Pike Place public market, and there was plenty of shopping and dining around (recommend the Mexican restaurant in Pacific Place mall). We did drive out one day to Northgate mall and congestion was bad even for a Saturday. NOTE: We noticed you can park on the streets after 6pm free of charge, but spots are really scarce, and you would have to move your car early in the morning. There were also plenty of outdoor lots you can pay to park in--your choice. You can take public transit free of charge in the downtown core free of charge as well, but we didn't take advantage of that. As for service it was great. There were always minimal waits at the check-in counter and they treated us well even though we were Priceline customers. They just mentioned we were paid in full online, and gave us our room keys with a map. We got a King room on the 17th floor with average views (of the North building and surrounding area). You can take advantage of the Green option, meaning you get $5 credit/night you choose to skip the maid service which we did. You can use this voucher for food/drinks downstairs. The average cost of a quick bite to eat down there is $8-9, and coffee is the usual $2-4. You can also opt to redeem for points instead. You can ask them for a code to use WI-FI internet free of charge in the lobby. Pay internet in rooms. My hubby mentioned it was a bit slow, but I decided to go internet free this weekend. THE CONS: Yes, parking is expensive, and if you are not happy about paying $22+ to park a night then I recommend you choose another area to stay in outside of downtown Seattle, but you would be hard-pressed to find cheap, available parking downtown if you decide to come down. People were circling Pike Street Public market thinking the would find parking--don't do it. Anyway, not Westin's fault, and we were happy with the $22 pay parking because it was secure, dry, and close. The only thing that could have made our stay better was a cleaner room. I have read previous reviewers mention the dreaded bed bugs (which btw are a major problem in many nice hotels these days), and we escaped unbitten. It is a bit unnerving, but not too sure you can tell which hotels to avoid these days since it's such a problem. We were extra vigilent and checked the bed for signs. We didn't sleep that well, but that was due to the fact the bed was a tad soft (sunk in when my husband lied down, and he's not huge), and the bed/pillows smelled a bit stale. The place was also quite dusty. I'm wondering if the cleaners are having a harder time cleaning since people are choosing the "green" option, meaning the rooms are not getting the daily cleaning it really needs considering the heavy traffic. The rooms are newly renovated and yet showed so much sign of age (sofa was stained, everything was covered in dust, and the smelly sheets/pillows). This is the only area that seemed in need of improvement. I don't need a lot of things when it comes to accommodation, but I do think cleanliness (or lack of it) leaves a lasting impression. Overall we had a good stay, and would choose the Westin again if we got it for a good rate (ie. Priceline).