Checked in on a Friday afternoon, with my 12 yr old daughter. This stay was booked on Priceline and for the price I paid, I was very pleased with the room we were booked into. I did request a room with a view and it was delivered. 42 floor of the North tower. I have no idea what the south tower rooms looked like, but ours was very good. Room is spacious, King bed angled to have a view over the city, through wall- ceiling windows. Great blackout curtains as the sun (yes, sun in Seattle) shone in the morning. Actually a wonderful site. We could also see down to Lake Union, Belltown and over to the East, Southeast of the city. Absolutely no noise at night from the street. As we were located pretty close to the ice machine and the elevator there was a bit of noise from that. I"m a light sleeper. Good size TV (not HD), lots of plug ins to charge accessories, office desk that was situated looking out the window. A sofa bed and arm chair with a small coffee table were also in the room. But it was not crowded. Coffee machine a bit different, but I liked it ...Starbucks coffee filter, into holder, place Starbucks paper cup underneath, push on and it brews one cup and shuts off. There were 2 packages of regular, 1 decaf and some Tzazo Tea packages. Internet is free in the lobby, not in the rooms Be warned, the fridge is on a sensor, don't remove anything or you're charged for the cleaning of it. Some obscene amount. Some things that did surprise me: Sheets not as soft as I would like No bathrobes (you could get them if requested) Carpet looking a little worn out No cover between bottom and sheet and mattress. Now having said that, I have never looked to see if other hotels do have a cover. If you are on a high floor, be prepared for the milk run on the way down (especially early in the morning) and if you are on a lower floor, be prepared to wait a few elevators as lots of people loaded on by the time it reaches you. OVerall, I was very pleased with our stay. I don't know if I would pay the higher rates charged by the other sites, as I think there are nicer hotels out there. Great location for walking to Belltown, Pike Place, Space Needle, and all the downtown shopping. Easy to get to from the freeway. Park in the lot next door and use the skybridge, it's only 22/night, as opposed to $32/36 that the Westin charges. Have fun.