I must preface this review by saying that Princess Cruises arranged transfers from the airport and to the ship as part of their pre-cruise packages. We were impressed by the location, the amenities, and operations as desribed by many reviewers on this site. We were encouraged by one reviewer to write to the wonderful Erin Huff to see if there was any possibility of up-grading to a view room. (If all hotels had staff as efficient and personable as she, the hotel industry would be set for life!) For a reasonable fee, we could snag the last Grand Vista room, which, in our case, was on the 41st floor. My wife was surprised to have a full frontal view of the Space Needle from her pillow. We arrived Friday, August 20, at a little after 1 PM and were immediately given our room cards. Yes, the lobby was indeed busy throughout our stay, but nobody was disorderly nor were there any signs of it being crowded. It is true that there is limited meal service in the Cafe, which closes at 2:00 PM, or earlier if there is no business. But for the two days we were there, I went each morning around 7 AM and put together a wonderful breakfast of juice, muffins, fruit, yoghurt, and the best steel oats oatmeal I've ever had--all for under $20 for two. The staff would assemble everything and I would take our breakfast up to the room. (There was plenty of coffee, as attendants restocked our coffee each day.) Never was there any problem with the elevator. The longest we waited was a minute on check-out day. If you have limited time in Seattle, please consider the insider's tour that is offered by Evergreen Escapes. You will feel part of this special community. The rooms are not huge, the carpets are indeed old and dark, but the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms clean and well serviced, and everything works perfectly. Of course, the view would make one forget any problems! Two blocks away are two of Tom Douglas's restaurants, Lola's and Dahlia Grill, where we dined Friday and Saturday nights. Both serve innovative Northwest cuisine with a slight emphasis on Greek food at Lola's. Less than $100 for two with drinks (wine and cocktails), tax and tip included at each establishment. Check-out can be a problem if one needs to ask any questions about the account. For this reason, the express check-out is encouraged. Problems can be handled by phing the front desk, making it unnecessary to stand in lines resembling, as one guide book puts it, "lines at SeaTac." Our cruise representative was thoroughly used to rounding up guests to transfer them to buses and to the dock, without making a spectacle in the lobby. Yes, there were many of us there, but after a short wait, the lobby emptied, and we were off to another adventure, with pleasant memories lingering of the Westin and the graciousness of Erin Huff.