My wife and I recently took the Amtrak from our home in Portland to Seattle for our first trip there since we relocated to the Pacific NW a few years ago and had a wonderful time. First of all, we were primarily interested in a hotel in the middle of the more touristy things in Seattle, having never been before, and we were very pleased. The hotel was originally built in the late 1960s and this is most notable when you use the elevators, which have analog floor numbers. The age may make one wonder about the overall level of cleanliness of the hotel but our experience was very positive in this regard. If I'm honest, the carpet was dated and could stand a face lift, but our hotel room was impeccably clean (and re-cleaned from day-to-day). We liked to sleep in and, because of the building and room design, we never heard either of our neighbors; nor were we awoken by staff trying to clean our room despite the card on our door stating otherwise. And the beds were very, very comfortable (something that Hilton properties could take a note). We found the service to be absolutely top-notch, from the doormen to the front desk staff to the concierge (who was always bustling with other tourists). The location was great, with easy access to the waterfront, Seattle Center (a la the Space Needle and many other museums), Pike Place Market, and just about every shopping and restaurant you would care to visit. There's even a corner market a block away for various items. My wife and I even had room service the first night we arrived (we arrived quite late) and found the food to be outstanding for the faire we ordered, even if it was obscenely overpriced (about $50 for chicken tacos and a sandwich, both with fries; including tax and madatory 18% gratuity). I refused to spend the absurd price for their wi-fi (it was either $15 or $20/day for something that costs them next-to-nothing) but they reportedly had a business center that I suspect would have had a free internet connection if necessary. We had drinks downstairs at their bar a few times; excellent drinks for $10-12 each, if memory serves; not sure I wouldn't walk across the street next time despite how good the drinks were and the relaxing environment they were in. I should also mention that we made the reservations through an opaque internet site and felt the price we paid was more than fair for the overall accommodations. I typically reserve a 5-star rating for accommodations that are truly exceptional. To be honest, this is a fantastic property, but does not meet the "truly exceptional" range. However, I felt that 4-stars would just not give it the credit it deserves -- a very solid, enthusiastic, thumbs-up.