valet: my colleagues and i pulled up to valet at about 8-8:30pm on a sunday and the place was a madhouse. we weren't quite sure where to go or what to do. a friendly gentelman approached us while we were in our vehicle and asked us to pull over into kind of a self parking entrance to unload. by the time he stepped away, the area had cleared out, and was completely calm. we felt like we were the only people there. i don't know how they did that, but the rapid-fire change of activity level was pretty impressive. check-in: there was quite a long line at the check-in desk. but the time went by pretty quickly as i had people to talk to. again, some impressive maneuvering at the front desk. there was no spg priority check-in, but one of the front desk agents recognized my colleagues and i from our previous stays and asked us if we would like to step up to the front of the line. we declined, but the offer was thoughtful. room: very nice room with a very impressive view of the skyline. i fell in love immediately, and it was hard to focus on anything else. which was good, because the room wasn't very clean. it was kind of disgusting. we were running late for a dinner, so i didn't say anything that night. the second night of my stay, i got moved to a suite which was much cleaner with an equally lovely view. on a positive note, for how old the hotel looks, the rooms don't look run-down at all. each room i stayed looked newly renovated. which was a pleasant surprise. bellmen: the hotel took care of moving my luggage from my old room to my new room, and i guess it got misplaced somewhere along the line. after 30 minutes of waiting, i called the operator to let them know that i still hadn't gotten my bags. within minutes, a bellman came to my room and asked for a description of them. he disappeared and returned with them just a couple of minutes later. the response and resolution all happened very quickly. bottom line: although each facet of my stay was began with a negative, each uncomfortable situation was fixed by the staff in a way which impressed me. would i recommend this hotel to a friend? well, i wouldn't suggest it, but if they asked, i would tell them that i had a generally positive experience, but there are plenty of hotels in seattle that are just as nice that can get everything right the first time around.