I stayed at the Westin last night and had a very good experience. I had booked the room though Hotwire and, like other people here, was nervous about it. Nothing to worry about, turns out. At the desk I was asked which tower I preferred (I asked for the North tower) and was put on the 26th floor with a beautiful view of the city and the water. It was a preferred guest floor, although I'm not a "preferred guest." Everyone I came in contact with at the hotel was friendly. From the front desk to the cafe workers to the operators and housekeeping. I parked in the adjacent parking lot to the hotel (make sure you tell them you were a guest of the hotel and remember your room number so it will be an $18 charge and not a $28 charge.) I walked to the drug store last night and got a wave and a friendly "welcome back!" from the valet desk, and it's little things like that that make a stay more pleasant. I really liked the workout room. I had it to myself and the music in the room was adjustable. There were magazines, clean headsets, towels, lockers and a water cooler to make my visit comfortable. I biked for a half hour and enjoyed cable TV on my bike with the headset. There were a lot of people taking advantage of the free wifi in the lobby. But most of the common areas were bare. When it came time to check out, there was only one couple ahead of me, and I was quickly waved over to the preferred guest check out since they had no one there, so I didn't have to wait. I saw a bottled water in the minibar that said "our compliments preferred guest" and mistakenly thought it was free. When I told the woman at the desk when I checked out, she immediately removed the $5 from my bill, no hassle whatsoever. (Pizza and tiny dessert, no beverage, was $50. Gah.) My only complaints: the phone and alarm clock were dusty. When I sank into the tub after my workout, there were gross hairs on the ledge next to the tub. There was dust and some long hairs around the glasses on the bathroom sink. Bleh, stuff like that really bugs me. The only other things I could think that bothered me don't apply to everyone. My daughter and I ordered room service and were stuck with a pizza because we're vegetarians and everything seemed to have meat in it. Odd for Seattle. Also, although the beds ARE dreamy, they were down. I could see little feathers floating around. The problem with this is that down feathers are obtained by hanging live birds upside down and ripping the feathers out on a systematic basis. It's one of the crueler, more painful animal procedures out there. Again, I thought this was something odd in Seattle, because you generally see a lot of concern for the environment and the animals here. All in all, I had a great time and will be back! I can't wait to try out the pool next time.