This was our first trip to Seattle, so we wanted to stay downtown. We weren't planning on driving, so it was very important for us that we're close enough to attractions, shopping, etc etc. We got our room through Hotwire for $76/night before taxes and additional charges. We stayed for 7 nights. It's a big saving for us considering the hotel web site was going for at least $300/night. In that regard, we're very happy with what we received. If I were to pay full price, I may have been more critical. Let me explain why. We arrived before their check-in time. The Mr. had done a bit of research prior to arriving, so he requested the North Tower. Perhaps we got lucky because I've heard people who usually book through discounted sites usually get regular rooms on the lower floor without view. We were checked into one of the Starwood Preferred levels *I wouldn't have noticed if it wasn't for the big giant sign that greeted us as we got off the elevator*, and the room had a gorgeous view of Elliott Bay and slight view of the Space Needle (see pictures attached). We did mention that we're Starwood members, except we weren't getting points since we didn't book direct. Not sure if that had anything to do with it. Pros: - The room itself is actually quite large. It fits a sofa, desk, a bed, and still has room to move around. In fact, this may have been the largest hotel room we've ever stayed at. Disclaimer: I have no idea if all rooms are as large as the ones we stayed in. Perhaps for the view rooms, but not the regular? - Location location location. About 15 mins (or less) walk to Pike Place Market, and about a block or two away from a couple shopping malls - One block from the Monorail - Free internet in the lobby; not free in the Business Center, so be sure to bring your own computer - Helpful staff; okay, they're not necessary friendly per say, but they're all very helpful. Cons: - I am usually a big fan of Westin bedding, but not this time. The pillows were extremely soft. we had lots of pillows, but for some reasons, they were all super soft, not enough fluff. While the bed itself was comfy, I woke up with neck pain. Thankfully, they provided us with enough pillows that I ended up sleeping on three pillows to support my neck. The Mr. who is not as sensitive as I am when it comes to pillows also agreed that the pillows were just too soft. - Stained carpet and the older furniture (see picture of the couch) made the room look a bit outdated. Not that big of a deal, but I'd put this under something that can be improved. - Very small Workout rooms (there are two of them; one of them is a lot smaller than the other). - The room is actually set up quite nicely, except for the TV (please see picture). The TV is not set directly in front of your bed or the couch. So, unless you're sitting at the desk right in front of the TV, you have to tilt your head a bit. You can however, tilt the TV, except two people can't be really sitting at different places for you to enjoy it. For instance: the Mr. can't be sitting on the couch while I'm on the bed if we want to enjoy the TV. Again, not a big deal for some people. I can't live without TV (even when I'm on vacation), so this was a major pain for me. - Thin walls. I could hear people talking in the hallway in the morning and at night. Overall, it was a very good stay at Westin. We'd stay here again if we go back to Seattle.