My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a total of three nights, two nights before a seven night cruise on the Celebrity Infinity out of Seattle and one night after the cruise. I used Priceline this time to book the hotel and got a great deal at $99.00 per night. Location was excellent, just a few blocks away from Pike Place Market. Hotel staff was very friendly and nice at checkin. We requested a king bed room on a high floor with a view of the Space Needle and received just as we asked. Room was clean and comfortable. We ate dinner one night at the restaurant called Icon across the street. It is overpriced and not very good food. The waitress was very rude so I wouldn't recommend going there. The restaurant at the Westin was good but expensive. We also ate at Pike Place Chowder at Pike Place Market and had good dungess crab sandwich and crab cakes. The duck boat tour near the Space Needle was fun. There is a shopping center Westlake nearby where you can catch the monorail for a small fee to the Space Needle. King bed was comfortable and pillows were plentiful and comfortable. Nice flat screen TV in room. Also had in room safe. Nice bathroom with amenities, quiet flushing toilet and cool double shower head! We didn't hear any of our neighbors in other rooms and had a quiet peaceful three nights sleep. There is free internet access in the lobby if you have your own computer to go online with but it is not free in the hotel rooms. Ask the front desk for the username and password for access. There is a business center that has three computers with pay internet access, but you can go online and print your boarding pass for free. There is a pool. I didn't go in and use it but just saw it and it looked okay not really big but area looked nice and clean with a jacuzzi also and a sundeck outside. Parking is very expensive as it is at many hotels in Seattle at $36 for 24 hours but we didn't rent a car. I just saw the rate posted. would definitely stay here again next time I visit Seattle and would recommend this hotel to others, especially at the great rate I received through Priceline it was very well worth it.