We arrived at the Westin by taxi at about 10:30 am, having come from cruise pier 66. (It would have been walkable with carry-on only, but with our suitcases we needed the taxi.) We were dropped at an awkward entrance, with 3 steps and manually-operated, heavy doors. We later found that the entrance around the corner was friendlier, with automatic doors, but I think taxis are not allowed at that entrance. Check-in was greatfriendly staff and no attitude about, or even mention of, our Priceline deal. Our room was ready for us early, and they offered to help with luggage. We heard rumors of long elevator waits (reportedly 25 minutes), but experienced no such thing; elevators were very prompt and fast, every time. Our wedge-shaped room on the 21st floor of the south tower was roomy, with a sage color scheme. The view to the west was not spectacular, but very nice. I suspect that the brand new condo building across 5th Avenue has blocked some of the harbor views. Westin promotes a breathe easy program, but whatever air freshener they use was not pleasant to us, and even slightly irritating. Windows do not open, but turning on the fan cleared the air quickly. Features of the room include a 36 flat-screen TV, honor bar refrigerator (with no extra room for personal items), roomy desk facing the view, full couch with pull-out bed, 2 comfy chairs, lighted closet with 2 luggage racks, safe, iron and board. The bed was surprisingly a Murphy type pull-down bed, which upon reflection could be considered a plus, if you wanted to use the room for a business meeting. (It probably makes it easy for the cleaning staff to vacuum too.) Linens and pillows were very nice. The bed might be too soft for some people, but I found it very comfortable. The shower/tub had two shower heads, but the wimpy water pressure did not allow the benefits of that feature to be experienced. Curved shower curtain, flex-arm mirror, and Heavenly bath products were nice features. Surprisingly, there was no fan in the bathroom. Wireless internet was available for free in the lobby and restaurants, but for a fee in the room. Street noise was present, but not bad at a dull roar, normal for a city hotel. The fitness room was adequate, with various treadmills, bikes, and some dumbbell-type free weights. No windows, but adequately ventilated, and with changing/shower room close by. The pool was closed during May, but the Westin website warned us of that condition. They expect it to be up and running mid June. The main lobby bar is still closed for renovation, but the secondary bar is open, and the lobby is nice again. Location of the hotel is ideal for the shopping district, with Nordstrom and Macys a block away. Pike Place Market and waterfront are easy walks. Monorail station is a block away, $2 each way to Space Needle and museums. For Pioneer Square, catch any southbound bus (free in the downtown area) from the underground station under Macys. Overall this hotel is very nice, but because theyre losing some of their view, they may begin to lose customers. Thus they need to do some things to step up their game. I dont think the breathe easy promo is adequate; theyre going to need to offer some 5-star touches while keeping their 4-star pricing. I suggest fresh flowers on every floor (hallways are currently stark), door greeters or better entrances, free wireless, free breakfast, and other perks.