I like Westin and liked this one very much. The location is very convenient, centrally located downtown next to the shopping district, two blocks from Pikes Market, 4 blocks from the piers and a short walk to the Space Needle district. It is also adjacent to the end of the monorail line so you can hop that easily as well. It is also just 2 blocks off of I-5 so very easy to drive in and out. It is a large hotel and clearly a convention mecca. We were there when a convention was going on and it was awfully overcrowded. I would normally avoid staying for that reason. Fortunately I knew the convention was ending the next day and we would then stay on in a much more pleasant atmosphere. And I was right. Once the 580 rooms of conventioneers moved out, we were able to upgrade our room to the 39th floor with great view of the sound and the Olympic mountains beyond. The lobby and restaurants were more pleasant. The staff, by the way, was very attentive with or without the crowds. Overall we had a great stay. Our room was strategically arranged with the bed hidden from view but facing the view through the large picture windows. So we could feel comfortable in the room with drapes wide open to enjoy the view at night and wake to the sun reflecting off the snow capped mountains. Room is typical Westin, comfortable and 'contemporary'. The king beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms clean and updated. There is ample room for luggage. Room includes desk as well as couch seating area. I will state my standard complaint about the entire Westin chain...all the 'extras' are always horribly overpriced. Internet access is $13/night (it's free at Hampton Inns!), minibar is $5 for a 3-Musketeers bar and Valet parking is $39/night plus tips. So even if you got a deal on a room, or you are staying on your Starwood points, you might find you still dropping $60-$70 per night on these 'extras'. You have been warned. Since this is Seattle, there are Starbucks, Tully's and Seattle's best all nearby. And lot sof great restaurants all around. So you do not at all need to feel trapped. I highly recommend Buenos Aries Grill, just two blocks up on Virginia St. Excellent Argentinian style restaurant, great steaks and empanadas and a nice atmosphere. If I even get another chance to visit Seattle, I would not hesitate to stay here again.