I was in town on business and stayed at the Westin for just one night. I came in around 5 p.m. on Friday night and checked in without any problems. I was a little nervous because my room was right across from the elevators but once I got into my room and saw how big it was and the layout of the room, I knew I wouldn't be bothered by hallway noise. I was on the 38th floor and had a great view of downtown and the water. It really was gorgeous!! The room was really spacious with 2 queen beds, a desk and a little sitting area. After I checked in, I went down to the fitness room for a quick workout and found it to be really nicely equipped. There are a bunch of treadmills, a couple of cross trainers and a few bikes (all with individual tv screens attached) and a whole separate area with weight machines. The Westin is really centrally located so I took off to find dinner and found a bunch of places within a block or two of the hotel. It's also a great location if you love shopping because Nordstrom and Macy's are right up the street as well as 2 big malls, Westlake Center and Pacific Place. Everything is within about a 5 minute walk of the Westin! The Westin prides itself on its "Heavenly Beds" and I couldn't agree more with them. That bed was AWESOME!! I fell asleep fast and woke up feeling really well rested! Saturday morning I got up, worked out, and went looking for breakfast. Although there are a lot of coffee shops nearby, I decided to head to Pike Place Market and see what I could find there. Pike Place is less than a 10 minute walk from the Westin and is definitely a must see. Try to get there early though, because this is tourist central and it really got crowded later in the day. I got there a little too early, as people were still setting up their stalls, but I have never seen such beautiful looking produce and flowers! And the seafood!!! It looked so fresh and delicious! I went back to the Westin to pack up and check out. Check out time is noon, and since my flight was not until 10 p.m. that night, they let me store my suitcase in their luggage storage room. When I was ready to leave for the airport, I just went to the front and the Downtown Airporter bus pulled right up and took me to the airport for just $10.25 ($17 roundtrip)! Definitely the way to go if you're staying here! I really recommend the Westin. It's a little on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for!