I was concerned when I read many of the reviews. However, we had stayed in this hotel a few years ago and liked it very much. Also, at $199 for a high floor with a water view, the price was better than most other quality Seattle hotels I had looked at. I heeded the advice in other reviews and asked for a high room facing the water and away from the elevators. Overall, we were very pleased. The check-in staff was extremely helpful. So was the concierge. The housekeeping staff was also very helpful but not too intrusive. Our room on the 41st floor had an amazing view of downtown Seattle, the Space Needle, and the Puget Sound. It was especially beautiful at sunset. The windows are panoramic. The decor is contemporary and did not seem worn. The rooms were a little worn, but nothing to complain about. The bed was very comfortable with nice pillows and the two-headed shower was fantastic. The location of the hotel is excellent. It is right across the street from Westlake Center. The monorail to Seattle Center runs from there. There is a lot of other shopping and restaurants in the area. I recommend Assagio, which is 1.5 blocks away. We went to the Seattle Opera and took a cab rather than the monorail. The fair was only about $7 and that included fighting the theater traffic. The hotel is very lively. The gift shop was well stocked, there was a nice display of glass & 2-d art in the lobby, and we never waited more than 30 seconds for an elevator. The only negatives: 1) The walls are extremely thin. The door that could potentially adjoin our room with the next room had a one inch gap at the bottom. Due to the gap & the thin walls, we could hear just about everything our neighbors said. The lack of privacy caused us to whisper at all times. 2) At 4:30am on Sunday morning, the fire alarm went off. Being on the 41st floor, and with visions of 9/11, we didn't take any chances and ran for it. At the 15th floor, we ran into a lot of other guests and a hotel staff person who told us it was a false alarm. Since the elevators were not working yet, we walked down to the lobby and then caught the elevator back up. Apparantly, it was a practical joke, probably pulled on the hotel as part of the football playoff festivities (Seahawks v. Panthers) that weekend. I can't blame the hotel, as this was out of their control. However, I was disappointed that there was no memo to the guests or other appologies given how disruptive the event was. If you can handle the thin walls, the location and incredible view make this a worthy place to stay.