Feeling nervous because of some negative comments here on TripAdvisor about the Westin Seattle, I went ahead and stayed there for 2 nights a couple of weeks ago and was very happy there. I had a newly renovated room with spectacular views, nice furnishings, the famous Westin "heavenly bed''--which IS very comfortable--and a wonderful bathroom. Maybe because I'm a Starwood Preferred Guest member and went to the special check-in area for SPG members, the desk clerk was very friendly and when I asked if the 41st floor room I'd been assigned in the North Tower had a water view--it didn't--she reassigned me to a 33rd floor room in the South Tower with a wonderful Puget Sound view. She asked if I'd mind being in an upgraded, recently renovated room (duh, no I didn't). The room had nice, new furniture and the usual Westin great bed and bath (with the cleverly designed rounded shower curtain that keeps the curtain--and possibly other people's germs-- away from one's body). My only minor complaint was that there was a FAINT smell of cigarettes (in spite of it being a non-smoking room and floor)--a common problem, I've found, at many hotels. But I saw a maid around the bend, asked her if she had room deodorizer, and she came right in and sprayed up a storm (maybe too much for our health!), and that pretty well killed the smell. I'm very sensitive to cigarette smells, by the way. I decided to buy a scented candle at the drugstore 1/2 a block away just for good measure, and the smoke smell was gone from then on. (I also bought bottled water there I could keep in the room's mini-bar to avoid the overpriced water the hotel made available.) I had worried about being kitty-corner from the elevator (since I usually ask to be away from the elevator and the ice machine), but since there are only about 10 rooms on each floor (because there are two tall and skinny towers at the Westin), it wasn't a problem. (Well, one night, some party-ers came back about 1:00 and were noisy in the hall for a few minutes, until another guest shushed them.) The other staff members I encountered--bell staff, concierge, etc.--were all very friendly and helpful. The concierge made us dinner reservations both nights, and arranged for us to get a complimentary appetizer at the famous Ray's Boathouse in Ballard. I'd stayed at this Westin once before, and had to switch rooms twice to get one that didn't smell like cigarettes and had a view--but even then, I wound up with a great room. I like the large desk by the window in the room--great place to look at the view, write, read, etc. The TV was new and had a great picture, and the lighting was better than at many hotels. The web access was too expensive for me to use--like $16/day--and I tried to avoid making local calls--for $1.75. (There are pay phones downstairs.) But almost all big-city hotels nickel and dime you to death this way. I was traveling with a friend who'd booked the Warwick Hotel, which was a little cheaper, and she was miserable there (busy street with lots of traffic noise in the room, unappealing decor, unfriendly staff, terrible view of parking lot, etc.). She moved to the Westin our second night in Seattle and was very happy there, too. In fact, the Westin gave her a very good deal for that last-minute reservation. (I got an amazing bargain since I used Starwood's "points and cash" program; but my friend's rate of $149 seemed very reasonable for such a great room in an expensive city in peak season.) All in all, I'd highly recommend the Westin for its rooms, decor, and staff. Maybe you need to be friendly with the desk staff for them to be friendly in return, or maybe it's just a matter of who you happen to be dealing with (as in the rest of life). I wouldn't let some of the reviews here scare you off. Also, given the height of the Westin buildings, you have a better chance of getting a quiet room on a high floor--and thus away from downtown Seattle traffic noise--here than in lots of other shorter hotels.