I've never written a review about a hotel before, but this is one hotel that I just had to let others know about. Our first impression of the University Inn came when we checked in at midnight. We were greeted by three staff at the front desk who were bright, cheery, very helpful and so friendly. Our jaded Chicago minds couldn't conceive of people being so nice and friendly at midnight. We knew we'd made a great choice when we were told that we got free breakfast in the morning with a "Make Your Own Waffle" bar. What?! Free Waffles! This was definitely the right choice for us. They also had a variety of other breakfast options for those who aren't waffle crazed. Breakfast lasts until 10AM. Other hotels we stayed at usually wrap up breakfast by 8 or 9. Did I mention that for the free morning breakfast you can choose to have it deliverd to your room at no cost in the morning? Though we weren't too lazy to go down and get it ourselves, it seemed like a nice gesture to those who aren't able to get down in the morning. We got to our room which was clean and well stocked with all the amenities you would find at a pricey hotel. There was also free internet access, a microwave and a mini fridge with a freezer. Also the windows open! If you're like me you'll love sleeping with the feel of fresh Seattle air blowing on your face. The beds were comfortable and there were an option of pillows on the bed. If you have allergies, you could choose an allergy friendly pillow. I mixed and matched my pillows just because I could. We found out in the morning that our room had a great view of Mt Rainier (BONUS!) They have a free shuttle that takes you to some of the touristy spots and some shopping centers. We didn't partake since we rented a vehicle, but very convenient. FYI, free parking in the hotel lot is included. Though we didn't get to go in the pool, it did look very inviting. They have a daily afternoon snack of cheese, crackers, etc. and there is always free hot beverages in the lobby (tea, coffee, hot chocolate) if you don't want to have coffee in your room. All in all, you won't be dissappointed if you choose this hotel. Great friendly staff who are very helpful, lots of free amenities and a great price. We plan on staying here again when we visit Seattle next year. Maybe I'll design matching "We Love University Inn" t-shirts to wear on our next Seattle trip...dare to dream!