I recently traveled for a conference at the Washington State Convention Center (on Pike). Because the conference rate was greater than the government rate, I immediately looked for a Kimpton Hotel. The Hotel Vintage Park is the closest Kimpton to the convention center and is centrally located for exploring the city. I arrived at about 11:30 am after a long flight from the East Coast, and the front desk had a room ready for me. They did not, however, have my preference of a room away from the elevator. After assuring me that the room (1001) was still quite even though it was next to the elevator, I took it. The front desk was correct. I NEVER heard the elevators at all throughout my stay. The room was a standard King and was quite spacious. Besides the bed, there was a comfy chair, a little side table, and a desk and chair. For some, the TV might be a little far from the bed to see, but for me the size of the TV was not a problem. The entire room was clean, and I loved that they have a separate recycling container for paper and bottles/cans. I hate throwing away recyclables when I am on vacation. The exercise room is very small, but met my needs. There is a single treadmill, a single bike, and a single elliptical machine. Each machine, however, has an individual TV. The room also has natural light, a water cooler, weights, and some stretching equipment. I used the room in the middle of the day, but I could see it being crowded in the morning or evening. If you are a runner, though, there are great places to run, especially along the waterfront. I had coupons for continental breakfast in the restaurant Tulio, but I never made it in there for a variety of reasons. I did stop in for a beer after going to a Mariners game at Safeco (about a 30 minute walk), but they did not have a TV in the bar so I took my beer back to my room. Overall, the property is great. Unlike many Kimpton's on the East Coast, the Vintage Park schedules local wineries to share their wine during the evening happy hour. Both nights I was there, the wine was excellent. In addition, the coffee, from Cafe Vita, in the morning was outstanding. I look forward to returning to Seattle and staying at the Vintage Park again.