The Hotel Monaco in Seattle is a good hotel but I wouldn't put it at 4* level. Positives: Large bathroom (Mediterranean Suite) Comfortable bed & pillows Attentive housekeeping staff Negatives: AC unit malfunctioned throughout the stay Front desk disorganized. Missed 3 separate wakeup calls. Concierge was always busy and hard to get in touch with. Didn't provide much guidance on special requests. TV hard to use and iPod sound dock in suite non functioning. ---- I decided to book a Mediterranean Suite for my 3 night weekend stay after my 1st choice (where the rest of my party was) filled up. In comparison to the W, I spent about $45 more per night but had a larger (square footage) room with a great soaking tub (with whirlpool jets) and a nice shower. Before my stay, I had the hotel arrange a car service, the price $53 with tip was reasonable and the driver was waiting for me on arrival. Checkin was easy but the downside was that with a room that was picked for its 2 person jacuzi tub, I found no bath accessories (salts, bubble bath etc...) and didn't get any during the stay. The first night (got in around 12/1a) I checked in and had a voucher for a bottle of champagne (nice gesture) and the fish waiting in my room. First impression is that the room was huge but there was so much open space I felt that the room was almost too big. The TV was far away from the bed so it was a chore to change the channel. The iPod dock was also broken which was disappointing. In the morning on my way out I asked for someone at the desk to check the thermostat out (it said 65F but was around 74, which was about 2 degrees too warm) and try to cover its face for me at night (bright blue light kept me up). When I got back to the room that night, no one had done either. That was the 1st drop by the front desk. I called maintainence and someone came to look at the thermostat but he told me to play around with the settings until I was happy (why have a digital box if it won't work!?!??!?!) I asked for a wakeup call at 10am the next morning, that didn't happen. I called later for a 6pm nap wakeup call.... they forgot that. The 10am wakeup call the next morning, yep, it was forgotten. The bathroom facilities were great in this room but I was surprised that a room sold for its whirlpool bath tub wouldn't have had any bath amenities. It was great to relax in the water with the jets going.