Needed a quick, relaxing get-away. I booked a suite here because I really like the Kimpton hotels and knew I could bring my dog and also get in-room spa treatments. I chose the Mediterranean Suite w/ jacuzzi tub (@ $329 a night). I had high expectations and they were dashed pretty quickly. At check-in, no one offered to help with luggage. I struggled up to my third floor suite, which was pretty dark (only one window in the room and that faces a building) and had stained carpet (large reddish stains... possible crime scene?). There was no room service menu and the ethernet cable in the room was broken and didn't work (there is wireless). The fitness center is not acceptable for a hotel in this price range and reputation. It's difficult to get there (only one elevator goes to the lower level and that isn't noted so I had to call for instructions as to how to get to the lower level). Once you find the fitness center, its odd arrangement has to be noted. Cardio equipment faces a mirror wall while the communal television is behind you. If you want to use the small televisions attached to the cardio equipment, you'll have to go back upstairs to the front desk to get headphones. The equipment isn't very impressive and the lone treadmill is "out of order". You can find better facilities at a Holiday Inn Express. The in-room spa treatments presented a lot of confusion. Several phone calls were required to confirm treatments and even then, one treatment was cancelled just minutes before its scheduled time. This is a nice service and one of the big benefits Kimpton offers, but the Monaco Seattle isn't handling this service well. Room service staff was great, but food was only so-so. Doesn't compare to other great Kimpton restaurants (the Cypress in Cupertino and the Palomar in San Francisco have excellent restaurants). In-room jacuzzi would have been great, but a ring of grime circled the tub. And once filled with water, a multitude of dirty "floaters" were in evidence. This was an OK stay. But several new boutique hotels have recently opened in Seattle that offer more in terms of service and attention to detail. The Monaco is going to have to improve if they hope to compete.