My husband and I stayed at the Warwick for 2 nights this summer. When I made the reservations, I told the hotel that we would have a late arrival but please save a room on the higher floors with a view for us, as we would be there 2 nights. We ended up arriving at the Warwick at 10pm, we checked into our 4th floor room and were very surprised when we opened the patio curtains only to find that we were looking directly at a cement wall about 2 feet away from the porch. No view at all. We called the front desk, and they said sorry, but since we arrived late they were unable to accommodate us but maybe the next night they would be able to move us to a higher room with a view. Sure enough, they did move us the next day into a beautiful room with a gorgeous view of the Space Needle. Both of the rooms we were in were lavishly decorated, sparkling clean, with comfortable beds. Can't complain about the rooms. The Warwick is within walking distance of most, if not all, of the tourist attractions Seattle has to offer. The staff, however, left more to be desired. We do not have kids of our own, but I noticed how rude the staff was to some small children that were in the lobby our second day there. It wasn't just one person, it was 2 staff members. One bellhop guy almost ran over some kids who were standing with their parents in the lobby waiting to check in, then looked at the parents as if it was their fault. Then, another bellhop was passing by others with children in the lobby and scowled at them for no reason at all. It made me feel uncomfortable both times that I had to witness such rude behavior from the staff, and that would just lead me to believe that this hotel, quite frankly, does not like kids or value them as guests. Our second night there, my husband and I were standing in the lobby, waiting for some friends, and there seemed to be a lot of unhappy hotel guests around us and at the check-in counter. Some were complaining about not getting the room they were promised, along with others. It wasn't just us, so beware, if you book at the Warwick, you will eventually get a beautiful room hopefully, but may need to deal with some not-so-nice staff to get it.