My husband and I decided to plan a trip with my cousin and her husband. They had stayed at the Warwick many years ago and loves the space needle view. So, we booked both of our rooms at the Warwick for a three night stay. Upon arrival, my cousin told me, don't expect a huge lobby or check in counter. Boy was she right!! The lobby area is very small but cozy. Check in/out, question desk and concierge are all at one desk that is about 15 feet long. You feel so cramped if you are getting information and there are two people waiting behind you!! But, very good service. The manager who checked us in gave us coupon books, maps, anything that was going to help us around the city. That was very nice! The room was clean and looked nice. Until we went into the restroom. It was clean, very small, but clean but looked like a fist was coming through the ceiling. It was very weird! Also, in the shower, there was a cover that looked as if it was ready to fall off. We paid for the upgaded view of the space needle. We were told we'd be able to see it from our bed. Well, that was false. In order to see the needle, you had to stand in the corner and look at it or open the slider to see it. It was ok though. We read some reviews about the pool being kind of dingy and dark, but nice once you were in the water. So we tried it out. It is in the basement, but the elevator takes you right there. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the stench of chlorine. It smelled so bad. We decided to muddle through and went in the pool. The temp was nice, but we then opted for the spa. From the steam and the chlorine, both my husband and I had to leave because our eyes were burning and watering so bad. We told the front desk and a lady responded with "how do you expect us to keep it clean?" Overall, it was nice, but we probably won't stay there again. We found a hotel a few blocks closer to all of the shopping that was way nicer and cleaner and had cheaper rates. I think we will give it a try next time.