Beautiful two weeks in Paradise I just returned home from a relaxing two weeks in Paradise! The airport in Punta Cana is a wonderful, traditional open air airport. From the start you are put into the tropical mood by getting off the plane by walking down the steps onto the tarmac. The open air airport really gives you a feel of going back in time. Domincan clad ladies greet you and take a picture as you arrive which you can purchase on your departure for 8.00 US. We were then off to our van to be on our way to the resort, this drive was about 20 minutes or so. We were early but were given our room about an hour after we arrived so we went to have lunch at the El Behique beach buffett. Upon arrival the resort is breathtakingingly beautiful. After lunch we were assigned our rooms. Our freinds and us both got ground floor rooms which was dissapointing at first but we came to love not having to trek up the marble steps every day after a long day at the beach. They put us down the hall from each other which was very convienient. We had several issues with our room, it was musty and I always read this on your site and think the people are just being picky since it is a beach resort that you should expect it but this place really was musty. We found that our air conditioning did not cool to a proper tempurature and my Husband addressed this with the front desk 6 times and it was never resolved but we made do. We left our key card in the slot so that it would run all the time and it made it bearable. Our freinds room was fine and there air kept there room very cool. Our lighting was weird, you had to have the lights on at the sink to work the light in the bathroom area which was alright except for in the middle of the night when you would get up to go to the bathroom. Other than these issues everything was great and we could have changed rooms the next day but I did not want to bother with packing up everything again just to move. Our only negative issue was the food. We have been to many resorts all over the Carribean and this by far was the worst food I have ever had at any. I can not pin point if it was the style of the food or just the food itself. There were not many American's there. Most of the people were from Europe so maybe they were catering to the tastes of them but we really did not enjoy it at all. We basically only liked the Italian restaraunt, we went there 4 times and hit the pasta bar at the buffetts also. The guys would only eat pizza and french fries closer to the end of our two weeks because they had major bathroom issues. Nobody got actually sick in our party but it did go straight through so take your pepto and immodium. Breakfast was pretty good since you could get pancakes and waffles and french toast. We hated the coffee, it was way tooooo strong for us and like I said before this was just our preferance, the Europeans loved it. My freind and I took advantage of the spa on one day and were dissapointed, it was more like a gym inside a spa. You had to share the two large jacuzzies with other people although they will include them in your spa package like your getting a private jacuzzi soak and the massage was good but other than that it was not really worth taking time out of your vacation for it. I would opt for a massage on the beach instead of using the spa itself. Nobody speaks English at this resort so most of our issues may have spanned from not being able to get across what we needed or wanted but you really cannot complain about that since we were the minority and there are so many languges these people would have to learn to please everyone there. I would say the majority would be Spanish and French. There were some German but not many. All in all it was a nice stay, the jacuzzie's in the rooms were nice. The beach was just heavenly and this saved the whole vacation for us. We have never seen a more beautiful sky or beach or large palm trees. The grounds are gorgeous and everything is very pretty. The good thing is none of us gained any weight on our vacation so this actually worked in our favor. The sports bar is really nice and we also took the Saona Island tour which was awsome and we highly recommend it. Go and have a great time!!! Book the Suites though if you want more romance and quiet since it is an all adult beach/pool. Our pool bar was the best! It was well worth the upgrade.