Arrived at our reserved hotel, The Moore, on our first night in Seattle. Right off, we had a car, so parking might have been an issue, but we always parked after 9 at night and were gone before 8 am, so on street parking was free. Otherwise there was a $12 all day parking lot very close by. We were traveling with my sister and her daughter. They were staying at the plush Sheraton for a conference. Since we were not going to be in the room alot, we didn't want to pay the $360 per night that the Sheraton was asking. Hence, we booked a room at The Moore. After dropping off my sister and her daughter at the Sheraton and seeing their plush room, coming to the Moore was shocking. It is an older type hotel - like something you'd find in an older section of Europe. when we checked in at 10:30 p.m., the lobby was dimly lit, but I did notice beautiful furniture and artwork. Also, there was a disco next door of some sort with loud music. I was just beside myself. Then we took the elevator up to the top floor for our room - again, when I switched on the lite I was grimacing. It was your very basic room. I quickly realized that it was "dim" because they were using CFL lightbulbs (good for them!), so it quickly got much brighter. The first night I didn't know what to expect, but we were there for four nights so I was going to make the best of it. It quickly grew on us and by the end of our stay, I downright liked it. The walls were tastefully painted, it was clean, although old. The bathroom was very clean and spacious. It had a great view out the window. It was not hot or stuffy. The exterior hallways had nice artwork and were clean. And every night when we came back to our room, we couldn't wait to see what new animal shape the maid had created out of our towels and left them artfully on our very comfy bed. Yes, maid service! My sister didn't even get that at the Sheraton!. So, even though a bit shocking start, we really liked this hotel, the location was fabulous (although it is in a so-so neighborhood, so caution is in order), parking was easy and everything turned out fine. Can't beath the price in downtown Seattle and I'm sure we could have done a lot worse. Oh, and the free internet terminal in the lobby was INVALUABLE!