I was spending a few days sightseeing in Seattle prior to travelling up to Vancouver for an Alaska cruise. I chose this hotel based on location and price. I will admit to being a little nervous as we pulled up in front of the hotel - it's definitely nothing to look at - but the lobby had an old-time charm to it, and the staff were warm, friendly, and helpful. I was given a verbal description of three available rooms and allowed to choose: one with a clawfoot bathtub, one on a newly remodeled floor, and one with a view of the water. I chose the waterview, which was on the seventh floor facing Second Ave. And received, to my great surprise, an actual KEY - not the key card you get at all the chain hotels. You can see the water over the tops of the other buildings. The room was quite large, with a very high ceiling and two big windows that you can open - which is a good thing, because there is no air conditioning, and the weather during my stay was sunny and warm. There was a small tabletop fan, which was a huge help both in cooling down the room and in providing white noise to counter the traffic in the street below. Very plain decor, institutional-looking bedspread and drapes. Nice little table near the windows, but the chairs seemed low when using them with the table. The bathroom was small, and it puzzled me. In the space where a bathtub would normally be, there was a shower stall. There were walls on both sides of it, which made the space next to the toilet uncomfortably small. And that shower was extremely temperamental temperature-wise - it would not maintain a constant temperature. All that being said, however, the hotel was clean and just a short walk from Pike Place Market and Westlake Center (and the monorail). When you input the address shown here on TripAdvisor, it doesn't line up with what I found in reality; it's on Second Ave between Virginia and Stewart, right next door to the Moore Theatre, which did not have any events during my stay. This puts it on the same block, practically next door to some kind of housing called the Josephinium, a "Recovery Cafe" and what appears to be a group of social service agencies. So there were some interesting characters hanging out in front of those buildings - but they were not of the type who accosted passersby. The public transportation buses are free within a downtown zone which includes the Moore Hotel. A cab down to the Amtrak station cost, as I recall, about $12. This was nothing fancy, but all I needed was a place to sleep when I wasn't rambling around, so it suited me just fine.