I love old hotels! When I was searching the web for a place to have a mini-family reunion, I was pleased to find the Moore Hotel. One could tell that the owners are trying to keep its 1907 flavor. The ceiling lighting fixtures and cast iron bathtubs were true to the hotel's era. The Moore reminded me of some of the hotels that I have stayed in in Europe. We had two private sleeping rooms with a Jack-n-Jill bathroom on the 6th floor. One room had a queen bed and the other had two twin beds. The beds were very comfortable. The furniture was your basic budget hotel variety and was well kept. The closets were huge. I enjoyed looking out the windows at the different periods of architecture in the area and the bits of the waterfront that could be seen beyond the buildings. Our rooms were basic, but very clean. There is no air conditioning, but the windows opened to allow for a nice breeze. Each room also had a fan. The staff was the best!! Everyone aimed to please. They guided us to some great eateries, explained the parking situation so that we were able to stretch our vacation dollars, and helped us polish off a birthday cake from Cold Stone's Creamery. There is a room where the management will hold your luggage after checkout time if need be. The location was great! We were two blocks up from Pike Market, four blocks from the car rental office, and four blocks from the mono-rail station that took us to the Space Needle and Seattle Center. We encountered some homeless people in the area, but we also encountered them in other parts of Seattle as well. None of them were rude or forceful. The area around the hotel buzzes with nightlife as there are a variety of clubs in the area. This was a plus for us as we had a birthday in our group that needed to be celebrated with more than cake and ice cream. The only drawback that we encountered was the noise from the street. We used our portable radio as "white noise" and were not bothered by the traffic sounds. We will definitely be back!!