The hotel is located in the heart of downtown. If you are arriving by car, you should expect steep hills, lots of one-way streets, a lack of on street parking and (of course) traffic in Downtown Seattle. Taxi would eliminate all of those issues. I had some challenges finding it, but that was probably more about me & driving in downtown Seattle. As others have said  the room was small. I found it to be plenty big enough for my purpose. See the photos. The bed was comfortable  and the covers were warm enough even though very thin and light. Thats saying something  I tend to be cold at night. The closet it large and has a door. That is one of those little things that I really like. I dont like looking at a bunch of clothes hanging in the open closets. It also comes with a safe that was easy to operate. It was really nice to be able to lock up laptop when I was away from the room. Across from the closet is the tiny, tiny bathroom (see picture). I am not usually claustrophobic, but it is so small I did not feel comfortable with the door closed. The tub is another matter. I could not decide if the tub was just old and looked tired, or if it needed a good cleaning. Fortunately, my stay was brief enough I never had to actually use it. Look at the picture and decide for yourself. Expect a few quirks just from being it being an old building  Example: the window did not seat 100% allowing some fresh air and a bit of street noise. Nothing that bothered me, but I overheard others complaining about it. Part of being an old building also means it is not good for those with mobility issues. You must go up or down about 7-10 steps to get to/from the elevator. Most people without limitations wont be bothered by it. In the afternoon there is a complementary wine bar. That alone is a nice touch, but I was impressed as the manager is there and greets his guests personally and inquires as to how you are enjoying your stay  and he actually wants to know! Too many managers lock themselves away in an office somewhere. There is a coffee place off the lobby  a separate business, but connected so you can get your morning coffee/bagel without going out in Seattles weather. Around the corner (same building) is Jasmine: It felt like a bar and had really good Asian food.but thats another review. The Good: * Staff  friendly, helpful * Manager  goes out of his way to make sure his guests are happy (staff too) * Location  Middle of downtown * Old building  charm, details * Free wine social hour  a great way to have a glass or two and unwind after a day of meetings while we decide how to spend the evening. The Bad: * Location  too far (walking) from the main restaurant area, or waterfront. * Old building  not accessible, showing its age * Questionable cleaning? Bottom line  To be honest, I had mixed feelings about my stay - Im still not sure if I would stay there again