We had an early morning flight into SeaTac, so brought our luggage to the hotel for storage until check-in. While there, we checked on our reservation and the woman working the front desk first looked surprised that there were three of us, in spite of the fact that the reservation specified three people in a room with two double beds, then said that a room might not be available to accommodate us as the hotel was full. When we asked for clarification, she informed us in an irritated voice that because we had reserved through Orbitz, we were only guaranteed a room and not necessarily the number and types of beds in the room we had specified. Okay, I understand that airlines and hotels overbook because, yes, people flake. However, it is not okay for a staff member to treat paying guests, even those paying a slightly lower rate (the discount's not THAT good), poorly, particularly when their standard practices are what cause the problems in the first place. The desk person in the afternoon who actually checked us into our rooms was more amicable and helpful, and she didn't try to pass the buck when she accidentally checked us into the wrong room. The Renaissance needs to do a better job at training their staff in customer service, or at least hiring people who are service-minded. Other than the inconsistencies with the front desk personnel, the rooms were clean and outfitted in a simple, modest, tailored style. Linens were crisp and comfortable, although I wouldn't buy them for my own home, in spite of the fact that the handy little order forms in the room made it easy to do so. A minor annoyance: the shower curtain liner, rather than being attached by the rings on the rod, attached to the curtain a third of the way down via plastic snaps. I'm guessing it's to make them easier to remove and replace for washing, but the plastic snaps didn't hold very well and the curtain kept unsnapping. A pet peeve: internet access costs extra, unless I want to hover around the conference areas. Bottom line: the Renaissance is updated and clean, but they have not gone the extra mile with regard to amenities or small touches to make it exceptional, and inconsistencies in customer service quality make it fall short of very good.