This is probably going to be one of my most uninspired reviews so far, because the Renaissance was just so that - uninspiring. Let's see...where to begin? The price. Because we are cheap, we booked through Priceline's NYOP and it was the Renaissance that accepted our bid @ $125/night + taxes and fees. Because this was a July weekend, this was about the best deal we could get for a 4* hotel (which, by the way, I would classify this as NOT). The location. The hotel is on Madison between 5th and 6th. This is not a part of the city where I would prefer to be because there is not a lot going on in the immediate vicinity. I have stayed in other hotels in Seattle that are not just more central but also closer to a variety of restaurants, shopping, and entertainment. That said, most of the major attractions are still within walking distance, but be aware that the hotel is on a steep hill, and climbing that hill could conceivably get annoying and tiring pretty quickly. The room. The room we were given was one on the 16th floor that faced the I-5. It was looking a bit tired, but was of an adequate size. While the bed was not the most comfortable bed I have slept in, it was perfectly fine. Some reviewers have complained about the freeway noise, but this did not bother us at all. It was hardly noticeable to us as soon as we closed the window. The bathroom. The bathroom was of a good size, and it was clean. The water pressure in the shower was good, and the water was hot. The toiletries provided were also of a good quality (Aveda). The service. I can't really say much about this because the lady who checked us in barely said more than a few words to us. She just asked for a piece of ID and a credit card, gave us the keys to our room, and asked if we needed a map. She was neither rude nor friendly. She was just very...robot-like. Etcetera. 1. Self-parking is approx $30/day + taxes of almost $7, which is pretty ridiculous. I did see a parking garage on 5th and Madison that charges $24/day, but I am not sure if it is even accessible 24 hrs/day. 2. In-room wifi is available for a charge, but there is free wi-fi in the lobby. 3. I would have liked to have had a drink in the lounge on the 28th floor, but it was closed on a Sunday, which was quite disappointing to say the least. Would I stay here again? Not if I can help it. I say this primarily because of where it is situated, and because I feel that there are better options in Seattle. I would not go and purposely book the Renaissance, and if I ever bid on Priceline again, I would probably cross my fingers and hope to god that a hotel other than this accepts my bid.