June 2010. We had the opportunity to spend several nights at the Renassiance Madison hotel when business required us to be in the area. The hotel is on Madison on a hill. We took the Grayline Downtown Airporter bus into Seattle and this one of it's first stops. This was my first stay at this property. I have stayed three times at the Marriott Waterfront and one time at the Grand Hyatt on Pine within the past few years. Check-in was bit slow because the front desk staff was unsure I could use a coupon that Marriott at sent to me. It's a bit odd that Marriott Corp. and Individual Property Owners are not the same page with promotional discounts. After conferring with the GM, I was allowed to use the discount. Our room was facing Elliott Bay on a higher floor so there was not ground and/or freeway traffic to hear. The rate was reasonable for Seattle plus I used a Marriott promotional coupon. Our was very comfortable and nicely decorated. The bed was ultra comfortable. Both feather and foam pillows were available. Lighting in the room was very good with lamps on both sides of the bed, on the desk, and a floor lamp. There are adjustable LED reading lamps on the bed which would be great if you were traveling with someone who wanted to sleep as you read. The work desk was large and the office-style chair functional and comfortable. My The room had a sofa and a comfortable arm chair. Since my last stay, new LCD flat screen TVs have been added. The TV was had a lot of cable channels as well as a wide selection of pay-per-view movies. I looked at some previews and costs per movie seemed to be between $12 and $15. The bathroom was also recently refurbished.. Lighting was good, the towels were plentiful, and the shower worked well  immediate hot water with plenty of pressure. Bath amenities include shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and mouthwash. The concierge lounge located on one of the top fllors Like guest rooms it has been recently refurbished. The hotel public areas were clean and well-kept, but could use an updating to the style of the rooms. The hotel has a large indoor swimming pool and hydrotherapy spa. Sliding doors open onto a patio with additional lounge chairs. Next to, and with windows looking onto the pool, is a very complete exercise room. All of the exercise equipment seemed nearly new. There is also a sauna and steam room accessible from the pool area. This property is located on a steep hill but the trick is to walk towards Pine street where the incline is gradual. If you take this route, then walking to the Waterfront and/or Pike's Public Market is not too bad. If you need to visit the local government offices and Federal courthouse, then this location is plus. It is also near the public library and is near the older Pioneer Square businesses and allows you visit another neighborhood of Seattle different from either the Public Market and/or Belltown. There is University of Washington store nearby too. Seattle is increasing becoming more visited due to all of Alaskan Cruise lines which prior to 9/11 disembarked from Vancouver, B.C. So sometimes property rates can be really high in this city. For a good rate, we will stay here again when visiting the Emerald City.