You notice when a hotel pays attention to the small details, the kind that make a property excellent . . . and you notice when they don't. On the surface, this Hilton looks fine: the lobby is decorated in traditional sophisticated tones. The rooms are large with modern furniture and nice flat screen TVs. The staff is super friendly. But once you start paying attention to anything beyond the gloss, this hotel loses stars quickly. First, the bathrooms are tiny. Like, so small that the door can't stay open because it runs into the show curtain. Considering that most of the furniture (the desk, the dresser) in the room was clearly too big for the space (pushed side-by side, with no space between them), I would have been willing to sacrifice a couple of feet in the bedroom and smaller furniture for a slightly bigger bathroom. The upstairs restaurant was closed for rooftop repairs, so breakfast was served in a large, windowless conference room that was eerily quiet. Okay, these things happen: repairs must me made, and they had to serve breakfast somewhere. But the food was awful and expensive. My Garden Scramble was overcooked and dry. My husband's french toast was better, but fairly gummy. And the two together cost $37. That was the amazing part -- they stick you in some large conference room with awful lighting and no ambiance, and don't think to reduce their prices at all. The next night we got a chocolate lava cake to take to our room. It was advertised as having a warm chocolate interior. And when we bit into it, it was cold, cold, cold. Okay, still delicious (it was chocolate, after all), but another example of how they just don't pay attention. The internet is expensive at $10.95/day. My husband and I have separate computers, so before paying for the internet we called downstairs to ask if the daily charge would cover both of our devices, and we were told yes. Then were charged twice, and were told it's because we used two devices. They did remove the extra charge for that one day, but said in the future it would be $10.95/device/day. Over all, the hotel was fine. The location is convenient, and I'd recommend it only if you get a really good rate, and aren't parking your car.