This hotel was in a convenient location in downtown Seattle, but I wasn't a fan of the set-up. I know there's not much to be done about it now, but I don't think I would choose this property again- especially for the price. First of all, you enter a rather empty area on the ground level. There was nowhere for the taxi to pull into and no awning to keep rain off. There was no doorman. Just a door at the corner of the building. You have to get on the elevators to get to the lobby and that really wasn't marked well. There's a ramp that leads to parking and a cardio center, but I don't know if I would have even noticed the elevators right away if somebody hadn't gotten off of one of them. The lobby is about 14 stories up over the parking area (I'm guessing at the amount of floors). Reception was efficient if not overly friendly. I know this sounds corny, but I kind of like the "oh you're a Diamond member, welcome back" spiel that I get at other Hilton properties. They did not even acknowledge that I had even stayed at a Hilton before. I really don't think they could have cared less that I was a paying guest at the time. My room was on a mid level floor and the hallway felt very cramped to me. The fixtures were older and the room itself was very, very tiny. I've actually had bigger rooms in prime areas in New York City. I ate in the restaurant at the top of the hotel. The dirty martini was excellent. The prime rib was not so great. The employee in reception did ask me if I wanted the key to the mini bar when I checked in, but forgot to give it to me. When I went back to the front desk to retrieve it, the response was "oh-here". I looked around for area information in the lobby and nobody offered any assistance. It just seemed like the employees did not like working there at all. Then again, it was a Saturday night and they were at work. My main concern was the small room size- even the bathroom was super tiny. If you have more than one person traveling and need a little space you may want to look elsewhere.