I'm a Seattle native and have stayed in this hotel annually for a long holiday weekend of shopping and enjoying the sights and sounds of the season. In the past my stays have been wonderful and the hotel has lived up to its reputation as a Sheraton. The Gingerbread Display in the lobby each year is always a real treat and this year was no different. What was different however was the very poor planning by the hotel event staff. On this particular weekend a large corporation was hosting their holiday party. Presumably the company was so large that they needed multiple locations within the hotel to serve their needs. These locations were on the Ballroom floor, the 20th floor and the 35th floor of the Pike Street tower. What this translates to was a nightmare of epic proportions for hotel guests who wanted to get up to their rooms (or downstairs to leave) between the peak hours of the party, which happened to be between 8 and 11 pm. During this time it was impossible to get on the elevator because each and every elevator was packed full of party goers. It was so crowded that party goers were getting on the first elevator that came along and riding it to wherever it went so that they could "reserve" their space to their desired floor. Myself, along with many other paying hotel guests waited around 10 minutes or so just to secure a spot in the elevator. To me this was unacceptable. The hotel should have had the foresight to know this was going to be a problem and blocked off a group of elevators strictly for party goers. Whether they simply program the elevator to only stop at the party floors or put someone there to ensure paying hotel guests can access the elevator, it would have made for a much better experience for PAYING hotel guests. I know the hotel gets paid quite a bit to host these types of events and a large portion of attendees actually stay at the hotel (been there, done that) but for the other paying guests such as myself, we expect to receive the same level of treatment. Not to throw out the "do you know who I am" card, but I am also an SPG Platinum member so I have also contributed a lot of money to this hotel chain and expect to be treated as an elite guest every time I stay at an SPG property. Sadly at this time, it was not happening. Other than that fiasco, my stay was great as usual. The room was clean and spacious and the front desk staff was always friendly. I'll stay here again next year but this time I will be sure to request a room in the Union Tower where there are no facilities for corporate holiday parties.