I must say that when we pulled up to the Sheraton hotel, it looked very impressive. you're immediately amazed at the beautiful lobby and the front desk people were very nice. I had sent an email requesting a room with a king size bed in the Union Tower (after reading a previous review on here), and was nicely surprised to learn that they had made the accomodation for us. We arrived late Friday night and just wanted to go up to our room. We got into our room and of course checked things out. Everything was clean and the bed looked comfy. The bathroom was modern but quite small. The door of the bathroom didn't lock properly which we called down to hotel services and they said that it would be fixed. We left to do some sightseeing and hoped that this "problem" would be rectified but it didn't seem that it was. We stayed in our hotel for 4 days total and I must say that our bed linens were only changed once while we were there ( i noticed this "change" on Monday which was our second last stay since there was a distinctive "mark" on the lower corner of the bed). a hotel of this price and excellence of quality, it seems quite odd that something so simple as changing linens wouldn't be a considered "standard". Staying in this hotel, you are paying a little bit more than other hotels in the area but its mainly because of the location. we were close to everything (pike place market, monorail, shopping) so just be aware that you're paying for this and yet the service is just the same as others. We weren't blown away by any means but still enjoyed our time in Seattle (thanks to all the fun attractions and sights that we saw). I highly recommend going to the specialty's cafe and bakery for delicious breakfast sandwichs (only a block away from hotel). It is a better alternative to the fact that the hotel doesn't offer continental breakfast. I think that we might consider staying at the sheraton again but only if we got a good deal on prices online (we booked with a travel agent). Canada traveler.