My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Andra over Labor Day weekend. The location couldn't be better. The first night we were there, we stayed in the Andra Suite. The room was moderately spacious and well designed. The mini-bar was well stocked, but a price list was no where to be found. Room service was from Lola the restaurant in the lobby. The food was very good, and the prices were very high. Overall we had a great experience. We unexpectedly decided to stay at the hotel a second night. After our great experience the first night, we decided to save some money and get the smaller Andra Studio because we didn't think we'd mind a simple size change, we expected everything else to be of the same quality. I can tell you the room size was pretty much the only physical change, but the service the second night didn't reflect it's four star rating. First, the window didn't open. Now this isn't a big deal to us, but when we called the front desk to see if there was a trick to getting the window open (because the windows in the suite opened), the gentleman told us that it doesn't open because of fire code, and all the windows on that floor were sealed shut. I know that's not true because we had stayed on the same floor the night before. We didn't appreciate being lied to. Next, we went to turn on the TV. It didn't work. We checked the plug, it was fine. We called the front desk. They said they'd send someone up to check on it. Forty-five minutes later, a girl from the front desk arrived, announced that maintenance was unavailable and that she was going to check it out. She walked over to the TV, pressed the same power button we had tried and checked the same plug we had checked (just like we told her on the phone). After she was unsuccessful, she told us that she didn't know what was going on, and that she'd try to find maintenance. Another twenty minutes go by, and she calls to tell us that eminence wasn't working and wouldn't be until morning. I told her that was unacceptable because we had plans to stay in for the remainder of the night and were going to watch TV. I requested a new room with a working TV. She told me there were no rooms available and that we'd just have to wait until eminence arrived. I explained that I found it hard to believe that they were sold out all of a sudden, considering we had checked in two hours earlier and they had all kinds of other room options available (including the suite we had stayed in the night before and the mid-range Andra Room). She then told me she'd have to call me back. They ended up moving us and the new room was just across the hall, the Andra Room (and by the way, the windows opened in it, too). This was the second lie of the night. In the morning, we hit the valet key on the phone, to request our car. The front desk answered and said that she'd be happy to have the valet pull the car. We waited ten minutes and walked downstairs (that's about how long it had taken them the day before). When we got down there, there were two valets standing around having a personal conversation. After we stood there for ten minutes, holding the blue valet ticket and tip money in my hand, one of them comes over and asked if we needed our car. I explained that we had called and the front desk said they were going to call out and request the car. He said they hadn't and it didn't surprise him because "it had already happened a few times that morning". All in all, I can't say much bad about the hotel, the rooms or the restaurant. I don't mind little things like the window not opening or having to change rooms because the TV doesn't work. What I do mind is being lied to repeatedly and a supposed four star hotel dropping the ball on customer service in such a big way.