This hotel was one of the first on the list to come up on my Orbitz search. It sounded enchanting--'The only waterfront hotel in Seattle'--which is apparently true. I found all of the staff to be very friendly and welcoming, and the hotel has a charming 'northwestern rustic' atmosphere, decor, and room furnishings. Here's where things fell apart: I received e-mailed confirmation, yes confirmation, of my reservation for initially two rooms--one standard waterfront room and one 'city family suite'. Both were expensive by my standards (and budget) at the upper two hundred dollar per night level. I was entertaining three friends, plus myself, and decided that the suite alone would offer sufficient sleeping space, since it has two double beds, plus a queen-sized sofa bed. I then cancelled the smaller 'waterfront' room by phone and received e-mail confirmation. I will say that all of my e-mail confirmations were prompt and inviting. I will also say that the staff were generally friendly and did their best under circumstances that were sometimes beyond their control. This was especially true of the night front desk and front door staff, who made every effort to be gracious and as accommodating as the situation allowed. However, when we arrived shortly after midnight the first night, we were told, in a perfunctory manner, that our suite was no longer available (no explanation, except to say that our nightly rate was reduced by $100) and were summarily, the FOUR of us (and NONE of us four men normally sleep together), put into a room with only TWO double beds. They then provided a TWIN-sized rollaway bed, which was quite bulky and REALLY crowded this significantly smaller room than had been confirmed originally. Again, this was in the middle of the night when were tired from traveling, and caused considerable consternation and stress among the four of us. I finally went back to the front desk (a LONG walk BTW), and asked if they had any additional rooms. The night clerk said they had one left, a small room with one queen bed, which I slept in for the night. The next day, I spoke with the first of two managers on duty. She herself admitted not knowing why were denied our original suite and seemed truly dumfounded that this had happened at all. Then she agreed to not charge us 'anything' for the first night. This was later retracted by the both managers, who then charged us for the double-bed room. The next afternoon, we were finally moved into the suite, which met our sleeping requirements, and were quoted a set discounted price for all four nights. However, when I received my final bill, the price was changed, upwardly and significantly, night-by-night. The clerk on duty seemed confused by the complexities of the bill, and the second manager from the day before, was on the phone. According to my calculations, we were overcharged by approximately $ 105.00, including a movie charge that the very friendly but somewhat confused clerk did research and told me was an error. The movie charge was taken off (thank you), but rather than continue to haggle, for the 4th or 5th time with one of the managers, I decided to try to work things out, via e-mail, with Mr. David Cocks, the General Manager. While this hotel certainly offers terrific harbor views, from both its lobby and its restaurant and bar areas (and also has rooms that face the water, which we didn't have), I must say, with sincere regret, that the booking and billing hassles that I experienced definitely do NOT justify the high prices, nor the waterfront location. Though uniquely positioned on the harbor, there are also several other hotels just one street from the waterfront as well, and the harborfront, several miles of it, is easily accessible on foot from any of them. I had also hoped to bring professional associations here from conferences. I am with Mensa and several healthcare professional organizations. NO WAY!!!-----my medical colleagues and fellow Mensa 'geniuses' would have my HEAD!