This property upon arrival has some attractive "northern lodge" decor. There is a striking outdoor gas fireplace by the entrance. Check-in was handled well and we were escorted to our "cityside" rooms. (As we were going on a cruise we did not see fit to pay double for "water view" rooms. Since the property is built on a pier, the only place we could see the water was from the lobby, the cocktail lounge, and the restaurant. The hotel sent a car to pick us up from the airport for $42 plus tip. More than a taxi, but we needed a bit more space for 3 people plus luggage. Parking is limited, and the streetcar line is out of service. Buses are available but did not seem to be convenient for travelers to get to shopping or restaurants. The corridors are attractive but long and fairly dark. WIth a scarcity of elevators, we often took the stairs which were old and unattractive. The bathroom was the most striking feature of the rooms, with a stone shower and two shower heads (no tubs). We found it rather odd that the only closet in the room was inside of the bathroom. There was no auxiliary source of heat in the bathroom which is a touch we like when getting out of the shower. The entertainment center/armoire had a few drawers for storage, but not enough for 2 people. In both of our rooms, the doors on the entertainment center would not stay open. (ever hear of shims?) We were rather baffled by the heating controls for the gas fireplace which we understood was the main source of heat in the room (cool nights so we did use it). The upholstered chairs seemed a bit worn but were comfortable. The lighting in the room was really not adequate if you wanted to read. The beds were comfortable enough and had nice pillows. Linens and towels were adequate. There were not enough hooks for towels or clothes. House brand toiletries were OK and a quality toothbrush was provided upon request. While we were advised in several places that there had been two restaurants in fact there was only one with entrees that started at $26 and most were far more expensive. We only ate one meal there given the cost. Breakfast would have run a minimum of $15 had we chosen to eat that there. Room service while not tried was expensive. No other restaurants were within comfortable walking distance. A coffee shop at the Victoria Clipper pier next door but only open M-F is within a half-mile and a good value. While we enjoyed our stay, I'm not convinced it was worth the price we paid.