The Edgewater has been designed as an upscale concept hotel, but the focus was on appearance, not substance. It's worth it if you can get a water view room for less than $100 on Priceline, but it's definitely not worth full price (especially for "city-view" rooms). A little background: I have spent a lot of time in Seattle -- and in hotels in Seattle -- because I have family in Seattle and I used to work in Seattle. I lived in hotels during the week and went home to Vancouver on weekends, so I know Seattle hotels pretty well. I had eaten both brunch and a business dinner at the Edgewater in the past two years, and enjoyed the restaurant and the views both times. So when I bid $89 on Priceline and got the Edgewater, I thought I'd gotten a good deal. In the end, it was a mixed experience, though, much in line with the reviews here. The good: The bathroom. We didn't get a tub (or a balcony), but the shower was quite nice. I liked the dual showerheads, and they had provided pretty much everything I needed in the bathroom (blowdryer, magnifying mirror, etc.). The woodsy kitsch decor. The nice thing about it is that it's meant to look worn, so where the halls (especially) were worn, you weren't sure whether that was part of the hunting lodge look or actual wear. Usually wear & tear in the hallways bothers me; because of the decor it didn't here. The staff. They were in general pretty friendly; we didn't have any problems checking in or out. The bad: The mattress. Hard, hard, hard. At a hotel that lists for Westin "heavenly bed" prices, I didn't expect the Best Western mattress. (Actually, I think the mattress at the Best Western over by Seattle Center was better the one time I stayed there.) The trains. We were in a "city-view" room, as it was a Priceline reservation. We were offered an upgrade to water view for $50 / night, but didn't take it as we weren't tourists & didn't need the view -- I didn't think about the train tracks, though. Combined with the rock hard mattress, the trains squealing by all night make it pretty difficult to sleep. Avoid city-view rooms. The keys. They demagnetize at the drop of a hat, which led to awkward moments where neither my husband or I could get into the room. The desk staff said it happens all the time if you put the key near credit cards or cell phones. Okay, well, where are you going to carry the key if not in a purse or wallet, both of which appear to be landmines of key demagnetization? Management clearly knows about it; why is it not fixed? No other hotels have this problem. The size of the rooms. Teeny, as already mentioned here. We only just had space to walk between the queen-sized bed and the chair. The little things (also quite mixed): The nickel-and-dime routine. If a cafe two blocks away gives me free wireless with my $2 coffee, why can't the Edgewater give its customers free wireless with their $100+ room? If I can park on the street for free right outside the hotel, why charge $28/night for parking? (not to mention I think $28/night is the most expensive hotel parking I've ever seen in Seattle.) Weird layout. For some patrons, the long walk may be difficult. The lobby isn't in the middle of the hotel, like in most places -- you check in and then all the rooms are down a long, long, narrow hallway. The elevator is halfway down that hallway, not near the lobby. So it could be difficult for elderly or handicapped patrons to navigate. The number of people. Because it's on the water it's an event hotel. You'll see a lot of people in the narrow hallways and and in the lounge / lobby. We didn't have much problem with noise in the hallways up on the fourth floor, though, fortunately. No name toiletries. The sort you'd expect in a mid-level chain, not a place trying to be upscale. Also, a very strong, not very pleasant scent to them. They were supposedly from a spa in the Noble House chain (basically the same as generic "Holiday Inn" toiletries). It didn't exactly make me feel I was in a hotel worth $300 a night (good thing I didn't pay that). The fireplace. Nice idea, but ours didn't work. It had a pilot light on all night, but no matter what we did with the thermostat the fireplace wouldn't light. We tried the timer as well and that also didn't work. Trying to sleep across from the pilot light, combined with the train noise and the hard mattress, was difficult. The curtains. Two choices -- completely shut and blocking all light, or completely open and flashing the street as you dress. I like having some light in the room during the day, even while I'm getting up & getting ready, so a set of sheers behind the heavy curtains would have been nice, and you usually see that in hotels, but the Edgewater just had one set of heavy curtains. Many of these are not big things, but small touches that, when neglected, show that the Edgewater isn't an upscale hotel worth the money they charge. If you can book a water-view room for under $100 on Priceline, it's worth it. If not, it's not.