Let me preface this review by saying that I did book through Priceline and got this hotel when I bid on a 4 star downtown resort. After being told by Priceline that I was booked at the Sorrento, I checked their individual website and tried to cancel the reservation because I knew it wouldn't work for a family. Here's why: the resort is TECHNICALLY "downtown" but in the First Hill district, past the I-5. HILL being the key word here. Yes, it is totally possible to walk to the waterfront and Pike's Place areas, but it is a very steep incline and you have to pass the I-5 there and back. Now, add a stroller to the equation and you're going to have a not so great time going down and a hell of time heading back up. There is NO shuttle service. NO shuttle service to the airport, NO shuttle service to the waterfront or Pike's place. As my family and I were walking down and up town, we were amazed at all the other hotels that offered shuttle services, it seems like that would be an amenity offered by a so-called 4 star resort. Well, not the Sorrento. Granted, the concierge or valet could dispatch you a taxi, but after paying $35.00/day for valet, plus tip, the last thing I wanted to do was pay $10.00 for a cab ride. And yes, we could've driven closer to the meca of downtown but parking can be problematic and will cost you just as much as our hotel valet fees. The Sorrento is in a "quieter" part of town; however, there is an Emergency room entrance within stone's throw of the hotel. Which means we were woken up only twice by ambulance sirens. Upon check-in we were told we were booked in a queen size suite (of course they don't tell you that all of their rooms are "suites." When asked if we could get a room with two beds, due to traveling with kids, we were told that our "suite" had a pull-out sofa. After previewing the pull out, we opted for the roll-away that they also offered upon check-in. It barely fit in our "living" area and was not very comfortable. The air conditioning in the room is also located in the "living" area and didn't work very well. Which meant that the person sleeping on the pullout would be cold and the persons sleeping in the bedroom would be hot. I would have opened the windows; but they were positioned to low to the floor and having kids, would have been disastrous. The curtain rod in the living area kept falling down when we tried to close the curtains and the toilet "ran" unless you jiggled the handle after every flush. The caulking under the toilet is also cracking away which means that the toilet wobbles as you're using it. There is no indoor pool or hot tub, another amenity that I expected with a four star hotel. The customer service was above average and everyone we dealt with was pleasant. The internet was free but wired. I don't know how "stars' are awarded but this is definitely NOT a 4 star hotel.