Well, we were really disappointed. After all the great reviews we really expected more from this place. The pictures look GREAT but it doesn't really feel like that once you're there. It's a very old hotel and I really respect the fact that they want to keep it as original as possible, however it's tiny and dark and not really equipped with any modern amenities. (ie: no ice machines, vending machines, gift shop, etc) We arrived early and our room wasn't ready (even though I called the day before to let them know we'd be early) so we had lunch in the "restaurant." They have a very small menu with very brief descriptions and everything is pricey. The server was nice and friendly and the food was pretty good but I don't know if was worth the price. The atmosphere was dark and old and felt like a gentleman's club so we weren't totally comfortable there. After lunch our room was ready so that worked out nicely. We headed up the tiny elevator to our "junior suite" which was definitely not what we expected either! Very, very small for a suite of any kind. The room was stuffy and the AC doesn't work so we had to open the windows which don't have screens so we had a few insect visitors- oh great. The TV was a joke- totally basic cable with no guide channel, info button or TV guide anywhere in the room so you have to just flip through and hope you find something you want to watch (and all the channels had crappy reception, very fuzzy). The bathroom was adequate- nice sink and vanity, closet with robes, etc. Separate tiny area with toilet and tiniest shower ever (my 6'4" husband was rather cramped). The "suite" area consisted of a loveseat, two chairs and a coffee table. Wow! So glad we upgraded. The king size bed was mostly comfortable, lots of nice pillows that reaked of hotel bleach. There was about 4 feet of space between the end of the bed and the "suite" area so we're talking small here people. Trying to get room service of any kind took a while but everyone was friendly and helpful. The other major con of this place is the location. There is nothing around there that is remotely interesting. Since we ate lunch at the hotel's only restaurant, we decided to wonder around outside to find something for dinner. There was no one around at the concierge desk or the reception desk to ask for recommedations so we set off on our own and were sorely disappointed by what we found. Nearly everything was already closed and it was 5pm on a Saturday! Hello?! We ended up eating fast food because it was the only thing open that looked even sort of clean and welcoming. Not how we wanted to spend the first night of our vacation! We had to leave really early the next morning to get to the Amtrak station and mysteriously the awesome hotel car was gone so we had to call a cab. We were hoping to utilize that car a couple of times to save money but it was never there for us! So, it was a decent place to spend one night but the bottom line is that we wouldn't go back so I can't recommend it.