THE GOOD: Free town car use in town (they expect tips and dont go to the airport) Fast check-in/check out Free internet and its fast and consistent (big plus) Pretty in old-fashioned way Very good food in restaurant/room service (but limited selection) Tea maker in room makes excellent tea (loved it) Friendly staff in each department Bed was decent and lighting in room was good Good bath products THE BAD: Checked into wrong room (had suite, checked into regular room); they fixed when I asked about it Water in shower is extremely inconsistent and dangerous. It went from cold to scalding hot in seconds and wouldnt maintain a steady temperature (actually burnt my skin) Very strange strong odor in hallways (but not in rooms) Heat did not work in my room (they sent up heater but took 2 days) No clock in room (had to ask for one, which they sent) No sound proof windows; street sounds were extremely loud (sirens, cars, train whistles in early am, even heard what sounded like drag racing several nights) No bathtub in a suite room is ridiculous; only had a tiny shower Not close to Pike Street/tourist area (but short cab/car away) Ive given this hotel two chances. Would I stay here again? Maybe but I would definitely look elsewhere first. (W, Four Seasons, Pan Pacific, etc.) The shower burn was a big turn-off and not easy to forget. The level of service is not up to par with 4 star hotels at all but the staff is nice enough and theyre trying. Half the issue is the building is just old. Half appears to be a lack of anticipating basic needs or informing guests of items. Ie>No bathtub in an upgraded room was a rude shock. Its not completely horrible but so much ends up not going smoothly or to guest expectation that it ends up feeling like a hassle. I upgraded to the junior suite on this visit because I thought it would be better than the regular room on my last visit but there was barely any difference and the lack of basics was still the same. I also do not remotely understand anyone rating this a 5 star hotel. Maybe based on friendliness yes, but execution? No way. Not if youve traveled at all and stayed at a true 5 star hotel. And they seriously need to work on the water situation. It's not only a hassle but dangerous. What if I'd been someone that couldn't jump out the way fast enough? I moved REALLY quickly and still got hurt.