Owing to a pressing family issue, I had less than 24 hours to book my trip from Australia to Seattle. Initially, I tried to book the Fairmont Hotel, but they were overbooked, and so were most of the other hotels due to a conference that had booked over 90% of all of Seattle's rooms. The best deal I could find was with my travel agent in Australia. I ended up pre paying approx $300/night inc tax (Deluxe City View) for 6 nights at the Westin Seattle. After staying a couple of nights there, I actually started to really enjoy the hotel and its quirkiness ! I requested a room away from the elevators and high up, and upon check in I was given a room in the south tower on the 28th floor. I didn't like that room for the rate I had paid, which seemed more than many of their published rates, so I asked to change rooms immediately. I was then given room on the 42nd floor of the north tower that overlooked Lake Union and it was much better, although I was still surprised at the noise I heard from Seattle city, so far up. I guessed that the noise was similar to what you'd hear in New York, even though I haven't been there (yet). The earplugs I had packed helped a lot, as the elevators were loud, the ice machine was close by, and the hum of the city was constant. Fortunately I had quiet neighbours. As I was travelling solo, I requested a mini fridge and that came to my room promptly for no charge. I connected to the Wi Fi but gave up after the first day, it wasn't worth the money per day. (approx $9/day). There was a coffee machine and cardboard cups (but no kettle), an ironing board and iron, a mini safe, good blackout curtains and a Heavenly Bed that was soft and squishy but I got used to that. The TV was at a weird angle to watch from the bed, but I never used it anyway. I turned the air con off, it wasn't required, although it was fairly silent anyway. Even though the elevators were noisy, they did an excellent job! Housekeeping staff spoke minimal english, they were rarely around in the corridor at all, which was very quiet apart from the elevators and the ice machine. I never heard a vacuum cleaner, and being in the presence of a lone raw almond on the floor, near my coffee machine, from the start to the finish of my stay, it made me I wonder if they ever had used a vacuum cleaner! What I did really appreciate, apart from the view and location, was the hotel's phone express line. I found that if I wanted any advice or anything in the hotel eg concierge, housekeeping, rooms service etc, all I had to do was pick up the phone and dial 0. It was that simple, and I never had to wait for some one to answer and the operator was always polite and efficient. It really made my stay. That service, the view, and the location. Whilst in Seattle, from where I was at The Westin, I only had to walk minutes to main attractions and shops. The monorail to the Space Needle was closeby at the Westlake Centre, Nordstrom and Macy's were sort of diagonally opposite, the Pharmacy was directly opposite and the Pike Market, the highlight of Seattle, was an easy five minute walk away. Starbucks and Seattle's Best were nearby too. I caught the underground and above ground buses too, the concierge helped me with the stops and timetables. What I did find lacking was a good restaurant within the hotel. There is a very large lobby with lots of seating and a bar, and a coffee shop with food and a hotel gift shop, but I appreciate a good buffet breakfast and somewhere within a hotel to eat a main course at dinnertime when travelling solo. Unfortunately, there was no such setting within the hotel to provide this opportunity. Having said that, I noted that Daliah's Lounge was close by with an excellent Dahlia's take away shop next door, and I loved Farestart Restaurant, 700 Virginia St, nearby too. The Pike Market was always a reliable place for coffee, snacks and meals. In summary, I would definitely return to this hotel for its location, views and service. If possible, request for a high floor, away from the elevators, in the north tower overlooking the Space Needle. If its affordable, a Grand View Room would ensure 38 floors or above. Other than that, I would be wanting to get value for money on a lower floor by not having to pay too much.