Short family trip to Seattle. 2 day stay at the Westin which I am afraid was not really very memorable. Both my wife and I felt for the price we paid per night that things could have been better. For example the room was a bit tired (old carpet, bathroom tiles in need of replacing). A rollaway bed had been requested before arrival (we were getting in later in the evening with a 3 year old child and a time zone difference which meant that he had had a longer day) As usual it was not in the room and had to be brought up. To her credit that lady at reception sympathised with the situation and made it a priority. Check in was slow. Only two receptionists on duty at a time of evening when lots of people were checking in. However my biggest gripe and one that was not resolved due to tiredness and timing was breakfast. When I booked the room (a couple of weeks before travel) I asked for a breakfast rate...which I was given. When my email confirmation came through it confirmed number of visitors as 3 but gave breakfast for 2. Now my son is only 3 years old and other hotel brands do give free breakfast for children under 5...but to be sure of this fact I emailed the hotel before our visit....heard nothing back. Figured that it was no issue....my son would be included...arrived at checkin...handed breakfast vouchers for me and my wife...and when I asked about my son was met with a blank look before having it confirmed that he wasn't included at breakfast. Maybe it is a business hotel....but I don't really think it is acceptable to confirm a reservation for 3 and then give breakfast for 2. Not really what you want to have to sort out after a long travel day....which we didn't...we spoke to a receptionist in the morning who gave us vouchers for my son. At the time I was pleased and felt the problem had been rectified until I got my final bill and saw a charge from the breakfast cafe which I presumed was said voucher. GIven that we had a deadline to meet for onward travel I did not argue this on checkout as the reception area was busy..but I was not pleased and felt this was disrespectful. Especially as a 3 year old child is not eating the same quantity as an adult and I am pretty sure what I got charged was for an adult breakfast If you book as a family you should be treated as a family. I don't want extra charges on my bill at the end of a stay for things that should have been taken care of before I even arrived and would save the stress levels and the feeling that children are a nuisance. We will think very carefully before staying at this hotel again. We loved Seattle and will be back...the Westin will have to convince me that I should do so there.