We booked and prepaid 2 rooms for our 4 nights' stay. We had requested 2 adjoining so we can be in the same "room" with our children. The hotel had to switch us to a different floor for the 2 adjoining rooms so we had to sit in the lobby waiting for the rooms to be serviced. Good thing they provided free internet service in the hotel lobby so our kids were entertained during the 1/2 hr wait. We used our GPS to guide us to the hotel but due to the two entrances, it was listed as North and South but the same street numbers. We ended up at the front entrance with loading zone parking so my husband went in and encountered a grumpy not very helpful concierge who was quite curt giving my husband direction to the valet on the back side of the hotel. Valet paring with tax costs $43 a night and the parking attendants were all very helpful. The rooms were decent size with floor to ceiling windows, both with 2 beds. One of the rooms is geared for wheelchairs, power curtains, bathroom bars and larger space between the toilet and shower. Strangest thing is the adjoining doors, if they're opened then you cannot open the entry way doors. Housekeeping. The bathrooms were being kept clean enough but I noticed dust accumulating on the lamp base and bedside table only after just a couple of nights there. The hair dryer in my room also did not work properly, only on high and not low. The handle was caked with dried hair product. One of the worst I've seen in hotels and this was in a Westin! I didn't complain because I could easily walk over to the kids' room to use their blowdryer. There's also a complimentary coffee and tea tray and I thought it was a nice touch to have "fresh" cream and not powder packages in the room. However, we encountered 4 sour creamers the morning we tried to make coffee. Normally they need to be refrigerated so I was surprised to see them just sitting out so who knows how long they've been in room temp environment. The hotel charges $9 per unit per day for internet which I find outrageous! If Holiday Inn, Hamptons and Delta can provide free internet then the Westin should be able to as well. We spent an awful lot of times in the lobby, just like everyone else loitering in the lobby and lounge. My husband encountered the grumpy concierge whom we never saw again, but we also received excellent service from Ted helping us secure a couple of last minute restaurant reservations. He was so smooth! The security guard by the check in desk can smile a bit and be friendlier though. The 5th Ave Cafe next to the elevators serves very good breakfast which includes steel cut oatmeal for $5. It's convenience but I'd walk one block to have breakfast at Lola's. The hotel is well located, one block from Nordstrom, shoes shoes & shoes! and walking distance to Pike Place Market. .