Stayed here on a Saturday and Sunday night in March. We got a great deal on Priceline, so I was quite chuffed with my win. Location: Great! It is right on Stewart and 5th so it is fairly central and we were able to walk everywhere (we did not use the car once) and the neighbourhood felt safe. Service: About average. We were able to check-in fairly early - 12:30PM - and the front desk staff who checked us in was nice. Not overly helpful, but nice enough. When we got to our room, our safe was locked, so we called to get it unlocked. Security was there within 2 minutes (I am not exaggerating) and got it unlocked in no time. Room: We were assigned a room on the 31st floor overlooking Puget Sound, so that was really nice. We got a room with 2 double beds - I asked for a king, but they said because I booked with Priceline, I only get whatever they give me, which was fair enough. The rooms are looking a bit old, but hey, the beds were comfy and I paid $69/night so I am not complaining. HOWEVER, I will complain about the water pressure in the shower, which was non-existent. I don't know if the lack of H20 pressure is due to us getting a room on the 31st floor, but it was bad. It was so bad that my husband could not get any water running in the sink while I was in the shower. I think the lack of water pressure could be a deal-breaker for us - we love our hot, steamy showers, but if showering leaves us feeling cold and unclean, then I don't think we will be returning. But then again, the beds were comfy so I COULD be convinced. Maybe. Bottom line: at $69/night, I might be convinced to go back because the beds were comfy and I had a good night's sleep. However, the shower situation is terrible so it would have me concerned especially because I get the feeling that Priceline customers do not get treated as well as the non-priceline ones. Based on my experience, I would definitely not pay more than $95 to stay here, even during the summer. My rating: 2.5 stars, but I am rounding up because of the location and the price that I paid for my stay. If I had paid more than what I did, I'd definitely give it 1.5 stars, maybe even rounded down to a 1 star. Wi-fi Tip: Wi-fi in-room is $9.95/24 hrs, but is free in the lobby. Parking Tip: The hotel wanted $38 for valet parking, so we parked next door in the Westin Building on 5th Avenue and Virginia (it is connected to the hotel via a skybridge). For $22/day with in and out privileges, I thought it was a good deal compared to what the hotel wanted.