Toward the end of a meandering trip through northwest Washington State, my wife and I decided to make our last stop an overnight stay in Seattle before heading home. Knowing that hotel rooms at decent properties in Seattle are quite expensive I chose to do a name your own price selection through Priceline. The hotel which won my bid was the Westin in downtown Seattle. I was initially pleased. Ive stayed at Westins in different parts of the U.S. before. They are generally quality locations and typically cater to business and convention travelers. This seems apparent with regard to the fees they charge for things that other hotels include as part of your room stay. Services like Wi-Fi and parking are not included at the Westin, but are at other brands of hotels. That is just a limited example, but I think illustrates my point. Upon arriving we found the front desk staff friendly in that typical Westin way, young bucks just out of college or hospitality school who are dressing way beyond their pay grade and paid to be friendly and ingratiating. It is much better than being sneered at by the night desk clerk at a budget motel, but it still has a corporate insincerity to it that is hard to disguise. Our room was reasonably nice, on an upper floor of the building. The view was of downtown Seattle and not the bay, but it was still very pleasant. I was a little confused as to why my wife and I were given a room with double beds, but I associate that with booking through Priceline. Unfortunately, for a 4+ star property, the beds and room dcor were not nearly up to standard. The bed linens were the typical nice linens you see at all Westins, however the mattresses themselves were very uncomfortable and felt worn out. The furnishings in the room looked well worn; corners of end tables and desks were scratched up and marred from guest use and abuse. There was a patch hole in the carpet right at the foot of a bed in a high traffic area. The work desk was generous and the view from it was very nice, but the chair accompanying the desk was beyond worn out and leaned to one side. The side chairs in the room looked very work, and one of them was heavily stained. The bathroom was very clean and was probably the nicest part of the room. It was as if the bathroom had been remodeled recently, but the rest of the room had not been given any attention in many years. The provided soaps and toiletries were top notch as usual. It was especially nice to have a flip cap on the shampoo and conditioner. Nothing is more annoying than hotel sized soaps that you have to unscrew with wet hands in the shower. The most annoying part of this stay, was having to pay to park. I had to pay $36 to park for one overnight stay. Not acceptable. The Westin Seattle is a nice hotel to stay in, certainly not a dump by any means, but nickel and diming for services others provide as part of the room rental is not acceptable in this day in age. Rooms may need some refreshing and maintenance and for a premium price facilities should be kept at a very high maintenance standard.