Stayed in this hotel in for a few days in early June for a conference. Got this hotel through priceline. There was a conference going on at the hotel and there seemed to be a good number of people staying there. Like what others have said before me, this hotel is in a pretty good location to all the touristy stuff in Seattle. I stayed here for a conference at the Washington Convention Center which is only a few blocks away. There was some construction going on outside of the hotel, but I was not bothered by any of that noise as I was at the conference most of the day. I traveled alone but was given a room with two beds. The beds were the most comfortable (and cleanest) I have ever slept in (you can even buy the bedding from a catalogue). This was the best thing about the whole room/experience at the Westin. The room itself was decorated nicely. The carpet was clean as was the bathroom. The bathroom itself could have used a bit of an upgrade (it was noticeably older than the rest of the room). Water pressure in the shower was good. The walls weren't thin and I didn't hear any neighbors, but I could through the door. I was near the elevators so this magnified that problem. Luckily, there weren't too many people getting off and on on my floor but when there were I could hear them pretty well. I believe because I got this hotel through priceline that I was given a "priceline" room, meaning I got a lower floor with no view to speak of, by the elevator, near the monorail (that takes you to the Space Needle) which you could hear from the room. I didn't mind too much though but only because I was at a conference for most of the day. If I was on vacation I think I would have appreciated the same room on a different floor. I didn't particularly find checkin/out staff helpful as they didn't ask me about my stay or tell me anything about the hotel amenities. As far as I know there is also no free internet, which is very inconvenient, especially for a hotel that can accomodate small conferences. Overall, this is a nice hotel, but I would not suggest paying the regular room rate. Find a good discount and it will be a better value for your dollar.