My wife and I stayed here recently for a little week-long getaway while I attended to some business for a couple of hours in the morning. Having stayed here previously, we knew what to expect in terms of location and amenities. Having said that though, the hotel has gone down a bit in quality since we were last in Seattle. The lobby and meeting areas are gorgeous and clean as usual, but the rooms are looking a bit drab and dingy. The grout on the floor of the bathroom was crusted with deposits, with the grout under the floating vanity the original clean white color. Needless to say we put towels down on the floor every day. The room carpet was stained in several places and felt thin underfoot. The carpeting had jagged edges and dust balls where it met up against the wall, almost like someone had forgotten to put baseboards in to cover the seam. The furniture also needs some refurbishment, one dresser drawer and one nightstand drawer had the bottom panel nearly popped out, and the desk chair had some padding coming through the seams. The bedding was a high point, Westin's Heavenly Bed is among the best I've ever experienced, with crisp sheets and a really nice pillowtop mattress. We slept great every night of the stay. We stayed on the 34th floor of the North Tower, which offers views of Puget Sound. However, there is a tall hotel/condo building under construction right across the street that has now blocked off a third of the view and light that usually comes in. Disappointing, to say the least, considering the price premium for water views. The location is excellent if you want to be able to walk to a lot of places. Pike Place Market is only a few blocks to the west, the waterfront and ferries are about a mile away, and for shopping the flagship Nordstrom, a large Macy's, lots of boutique shops, and the Westlake and Pacific Place shopping centers are within a block or two's radius. Benaroya Hall and the Public Library are also within half a mile, if you want to catch a performance or gawk at at modern architecture. If you like doughnuts, do yourself a favor and go to Top Pot Doughnuts a couple of blocks up 5th Ave. from the hotel. Delicious and inexpensive, snag a table on the second floor to people-watch as you chow down. We would stay here again due to the convenience, but would save a few bucks by going with a city view room. The value proposition is rarely there when you have such a good location, so we'll just note the few cleanliness issues to the housekeeping staff for next time. Positives: + Great location + Cab stand outside hotel + Westin Heavenly Bed + Great meeting rooms Not-so-great: - Rooms could be cleaner - Partially-obstructed views of waterfront due to construction - Pricey room service