My stay at the Westin Seattle had some high points and some low points. I think that reading this review can help you avoid some of the low points we experienced. When booking this hotel I heard many great things about the view. Well, our room had a great view... of the other tower. Because the two hotel towers are so close to each other, we didn't see much of the city. That was disapointing. The lobby and bedroom decor really was bland and dated. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member who has stayed at many Westin and Sheraton hotels, and the look of this place really wasn't up to par. On other reviews, people say that they received a room that was recently renovated. That may be the case, but keep in mind that the majority of rooms appear not to have been. And with a view directly into the other tower's rooms, I could see the exact same bland decor duplicated ad nauseum. That was disappointing The "heavenly bed" that Westin is known for is used at this hotel. However, our King size mattress had a lump down the middle. The next morning, when I awoke with a back ache, I took a closer look. I discovered that it was two smaller "heavenly beds" bolted together to make a king size matress. That was disapointing. Because the hotel towers are circular, each room has an odd wedge shape, much like slices of a pie. This makes for unusual placement of furniture. For example, our tv was not directly in front of the bed, but to our extreme left. That was disapointing. Despite all of our issues, there were two things which went very well for us there. First, the location CAN NOT BE BEAT! The hotel is right in the middle of everything. Second, the concierge was excellent. I asked them to recommend a romantic restaurant for my wife and I. They made us a reservation for a restaurant called "The Pallisades." Because it would be a bit of a trip, he arranged a ride for us. When we showed up in the lobby later that evening for our "ride", a stretch limo was waiting for us. WOW!!!!! The restaurant, by the way, was all that he said it would be. And when we were done, the limo gave us a ride back to the hotel. The limo ride was completely free of charge, complements of the Westin. All of this being said, you can probably get a good room at the Westin if, upon check in, you request a recently renovated room, that it does not have two beds bolted together to make a king size bed, and that does not directly face the other tower. Also, don't be afraid to use the concierge. Our experience with that alone made up for everything else!!!