I stayed at the Travelodge in mid-late March 2006. I booked online and paid upfront; the cost was $455 for 5 nights including tax. I was a bit disappointed on arrival to discover that the hotel isn't exactly in downtown Seattle as their writeup on the booking site claimed ("in the heart of downtown Seattle"). I didn't have a car so having cafes/restaurants close by was important to me, especially being a lone female. The writeup also claimed that "Guests will be able to walk to myriad restaurants, bars, and entertainment options" -- whilst this is technically true, the implication that there are lots of such places very close by is NOT true! I did find a truly wonderful Mexican cafe-restaurant about 4 blocks away, called Dos Amigos -- can't recommend this place highly enough. And the pizza delivery place Romio's (found in the hotel information folder in my room) has totally great food. But this hotel is not placed like its writeup implies. Frankly the main part of downtown starts about 5 or 6 blocks away, and goes for about 8 or 10 blocks over 5 streets, so be warned. If you don't have a car and want to get around a significant part of downtown you will be doing a lot of walking! (The Monorail was out of action while I was there) Having said that, overall I enjoyed my stay at the Travelodge. The walls and ceilings are a little thin; whilst I was never bothered by other guests' TVs or conversation, the creaky floorboards right above my bed were a bit annoying! Especially since the people above me had a habit of coming back around 1 in the morning... Initially I was allocated a room on the ground floor. On getting to the room I found this was no exaggeration -- the room's window looked right out onto the back parking lot, and if I'd left the window open anybody could have climbed in. Once again as a lone female I wasn't happy with this; I rang the front desk and asked for a higher-up room, and there was no problem. The clerk even wheeled along a luggage cart so moving my stuff would be easier, having noticed me struggling with my four pieces of luggage getting to the original room (I had skis and boots as well as suitcases). Very sweet. In fact this guy really made my stay at Travelodge. There were so many little thoughtful things he did (name is Greg, he was on afternoon-evening shift while I was there). On the Friday and Saturday nights I was there, I was *very* glad I'd asked for a room above ground floor -- the general area the hotel is in gets quite noisy and I would have been anxious about undesirables outside my room. As it was I felt perfectly safe and the noise was simply a minor annoyance. The free breakfast was tasty (juices, coffee, apples, donuts and other things made of donut dough, muffins) but I would have preferred the addition of some cereals. However it was lovely not to have to go in search of food first thing in the morning. My room had a King size bed, which had linens just a little bit too small but was firm and comfy. Good size wardrobe with plenty of hangers. A mini fridge, which I turned off because the noise would have woken me in the night. The heater/air conditioner was difficult to get to the right temperature. For some reason if I was warm enough during the day I was too hot at night. I turned it off each night but this didn't make things any better. Plenty of channels on the TV, which was installed in a sort of entertainment centre kum dresser (three large drawers under the TV which provided plenty of clothes storage space). A nice large table where I could set up my laptop. And an easy chair which I never sat in, because it was impossible to see the TV from there. Oh and a glass table which was handy for putting the pizza boxes on! The bedside tables were just tables, i.e. no drawers, which I found a bit annoying. Blackout curtains at the windows -- total darkness when pulled, very nice. The bathroom was an adequate size for one or two people. The shower was in good condition (with a door!) and had one of those adjustable shower heads so you could get it to do a sort of massage. The water pressure was right on the hairy edge of being good enough, but it was OK. However one big annoyance was that the water temperature took forever to get hot enough for an enjoyable shower! I got into the habit of turning it on 5 minutes before I wanted a shower. I don't like to waste resources so I found this very sub-par, but it really was necessary. If I didn't wait that long, the water would be only just warm enough to shower in, and I'd be shivering away, and then right at the end of the shower the water would finally get hot enough to be pleasant. I wanted to just be left alone, having just come from a disastrous stay with New Zealand friends in Canada, sleeping on the floor in the living room with zero privacy in a dump of an apartment. So I hung the DND sign out as soon as I arrived and never brought it back in. Housekeeping put notices under the door for the first two days saying if I wanted the room serviced to please remove the DND sign before 1pm. After that they figured that I wanted to be left alone. So I can't comment on the standard of housekeeping, except to say I had no complaints on arrival. I had a couple of sits in the spa pool. Not much to say here -- a perfectly adequate pool and since I was in need of a bit of hydrotherapy on my left shoulder, very appreciated. You can ask for extra towels at the front desk on your way to the pool. There's a bin at poolside where you're supposed to drop your pool towels, but since that meant going back up to my room shivering in my swimsuit, I didn't do that! Very appreciated was the free local calls (up to 20 mins duration) and unlimited free 1-800 calls. This enabled me to speak to my husband in New Zealand, over the internet for free! Since at that time we hadn't talked for 6 weeks it was very nice indeed. It also allowed me to do significant online research about Seattle and its environs which allowed me to make the most of my time there. Another thing I really appreciated was the free toiletries. I'd arrived with no toothpaste, and it was lovely not to have to find a grocery or drug store on the evening of my arrival. There was a note in my bathroom saying that they had a range of toiletries available for free. Very nice touch. They also offered me a toothbrush when I asked for the toothpaste. To sum up: this hotel is definitely a budget hotel. Don't go if you want a luxury experience, or if you mind thin walls/ceilings, or if you want to really be in downtown Seattle. But the staff are friendly, the beds are comfy, the showers are nice once they're hot enough, and the price is about right.