I had a one-day business meeting in Seattle and selected the Vintage Park for its walking proximity to the location of my meeting, and because it was offering 30% off for a two-night stay. This is a beautiful hotel, with exceptionally well appointed rooms, beautiful corridors (not very often I get to say that) and a very comfortable bed. The entire hotel has a wine tasting theme and each room is named after a local vineyard. The hotel offers free wine tasting from 5pm to 6pm each evening. I was in a King Premier room which had a king-sized bed, a couch, easy chair and coffee table, flat screen TV and a tiny granite topped desk. The clothes closet has leopard print bathrobes for your use during your stay, as well as an iron and ironing board and a safe. They also offer soft slipper socks for purchase at $15. There is a mini-fridge, but it is filled with honor bar beverages which leave no room for anything else. There is a basket of edible goodies also provided which had nice variety but exorbitant prices (sometimes I wonder how hotel presidents look themselves in the mirror each day charging $7 for a fifty cent bag of potato chips). The location is top-notch and, Seattle being a terrific walking town, is close to everything. However, there were surprises. 1. First and foremost would be the lack of in-room coffee. I never expected that in the Coffee Capital of America. I was told I could order coffee with room service, but, like most avid coffee drinkers, I want that first cup of coffee WHILE I'm getting ready in the morning, not afterwards. They do provide free, fresh coffee downstairs in the lobby, however, that doesn't help either when you're used to having it when your feet first hit the floor in the morning. Even dumpy motels have in-room coffee so I certainly would expect that in a 4 star hotel  and particularly in Seattle. I did order breakfast as room service the next morning to save time, as this hotel does offer the ability to order breakfast the night before. The breakfast was good tasting and well prepared, however it was incredibly expensive. I had two eggs, toast and potatoes (no meat) with coffee and a glass of orange juice and the bill was over $36. 2. The second surprise was the unavailability of electrical outlets. For a business traveler, this is crucial. There was one and only one available plug in the lamp on the desk. I could not find any other available plug for my cellphone charge however. The bathroom has only one duplex outlet with the hairdryer occupying one plug. I ended up charging my cellphone in the bathroom. And if you want to use the iron to press your clothes, you have to unplug your laptop. 3. The third surprise was the unusually dim lighting in the room  even at the desk. I understand the hotels commitment to going green (theres even a glass and can recycling bin in the room); and Im all for going green with CFL bulbs. But the ones used here just do not give off enough light. At night, with the desk lamp on, the two bedside lamps on, and the two lamps on either side of the coach on, the room was still too dim. Theres a similar issue in the bathroom. The light fixture over the sink has four lamps in it, but its still dimmer than I expected, particularly for a bathroom. The bathtub/shower is on the other side of the bathroom where there is no lighting at all. The sink light fixture is not strong enough to cast light over onto the other side of the bathroom. 4. The fourth and final surprise was parking. Your only choice at the hotel is mandatory valet parking at a total of $41.50 per day including taxes. There is a parking garage across the street from the hotel and their total daily fee is three dollars less. Yes, I know this is Seattle and its supposed to be a walking town, but since I had to drive there from a town that was four hours away, I had no choice but to bring my car. This was a beautiful hotel, and I would definitely look into staying at other hotels in the Kimpton hotel family. Hopefully they have in-room coffee somewhere in the US.