We stayed at the Hotel Vintage Park the evening that our cruise returned to Seattle. Before the cruise departed, we stayed two nights at the Grand Hyatt and were really impressed with the quality and size of the room - the view of Puget Sound was also amazing. My father-in-law raved about the steam room & sauna, and my husband loved the fitness room. I suppose we then arrived at the Hotel Vintage Park with high expectations, and were quite disappointed given it had received similar ratings on Trip Advisor and is in the same price range. We arrived at the hotel around 10:30 a.m. and were extremely tired. Unfortunately, we were not able to get into a room until 1 p.m. The staff informed us that they were being gracious to waive some room change fee that allowed us to check in early. It is usually common courtesy to allow early check-in when a room becomes available, so I was surprised by this tactless and unnecessary comment. The room was average sized - nothing remarkable. Our view was of the adjacent building and parking lot. My husbands' parents requested a 5:00 a.m. wake up call the next morning - which did not happen. Luckily, my father-in-law woke up on his own at 5:45, and they were able to rush off to the airport in time to catch their flight. When my mother-in-law called the receptionist, she informed her that the wake-up call accidentally had not been "logged". That could have been a very expensive and inconvenient mistake had they missed their flight. To sum it up, I just don't see a reason to bother with this hotel when The Grand Hyatt is so incredible in comparison. Hotel Vintage Park has a tiny fitness room with a bike and a treadmill. It had no other real amenities. They do offer a great mini-bar in the room with lots of interesting snack options, but a bag of M&M's was $6! Yes, in true Kimpton fashion they offer coffee in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. But book yourself a fabulous room at the Grand Hyatt for the same price and buy yourself a great bottle of wine from Columbia Valley.