We are long time repeat guests of the Vintage Park, but I think some things about the hotel are falling off. The good things first - the location is perfect. The hotel is charming. The corner king bedroom is spacious. Room rates are good during off season (winter). However, on my last visit, a few things have finally caused me to decide that the next time I'll try the Fairmont, even though it is a bit more expensive. Staff - front desk is friendly, but the valet/bell guys, food servers and people pouring the wine during wine hour did not seem to enjoy their jobs (or the guests), which leads me to wonder how the hotel management treats its staff. The wine hour at 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm is a nice idea but it is too crowded for such a small lobby. When we got there at 5:30 pm, the person pouring the wine was running out of glasses, seemed frustrated, and didn't tell us a word about the wine, just asked us if we wanted "red or white" and offered us a tiny pour - no more than I would get if I were tasting wine in Napa. The next day, we got there at 5:25 pm and again there were no glasses with no indication they were going to get more. We took a pass on the free wine hour and just went over to Purple Cafe and Wine Bar for a delightful flight of wines. Even though we had to pay for the flight of wine, it was less hassle and much more relaxing than the free wine hour at the Vintage Park. The temperature control in our room was not working the first night. At first we thought it was just stuck on 70 degrees. It was not until the middle of the night with a stuffy sleep that we realized the AC wasn't working at all. We called the front desk the next day and they did send someone up to fix it, but we still thought the temp control was very difficult to operate (and we aren't idiots). The bed, for the first time, felt like it was slightly sagging. It is time for VP to replace some beds. The comforter is very lightweight and kind of flimsy and feels like a sheet. I like a little more weight when I sleep - and extra blanket would be nice, but they do not provide any in the closet. The bathrooms are exceptionally tiny. Two people cannot be there at the same time. This has always been the case and yes, I knew this and even came back several times a year. This time, combined with all the other issues, made me say, enough is enough. The drawer space is miniscule. There are not enough hangers in the closet. For two people, there just isn't enough, and you end up having to keep many items in your luggage. Again, this has always been the case, but enough is enough. Here is another issue that I have noticed before, and I don't know why a high end hotel can't fix this. This issue however, has gotten worse, in my opinion. Vintage Park provides a coffee service early in the morning. That is very good and we like it. However, I prefer my drink coffee with half n half and the pitcher of half n half is ALWAYS empty by 7:00 am or so. No effort is ever made to refill it, even when asked. I asked for it to be refilled on my last stay and my request was ignored. The overnight parking fee is high - currently $34. Factor that into your room rate. The Fairmont charges a lower fee. This has been a great hotel, but I really think some things about it have fallen off. There is less effort now than a few years ago to really cater to the guests. We are returning to Seattle in a couple of months, but I will try the Fairmont for a change.