Overview: Just a regular hotel at this price point. I did not find this W hotel very special. As a supposed hip hotel targeted to younger guests I still do not understand why they do not offer free WiFi in the rooms. $14.95/day is kind of ridiculous. Rooms are nice but obviously a bit worn with some worn-out furniture, acceptably clean but not 4-star clean, and rusted/chipped/cracked fixtures in the bathroom. Not terrible but not 4-star. My visit: Arrived by Amtrak from Portland and walked the approximately 1 mile from King Street Station (not a bad walk but it is uphill). Check in was quick and staff very pleasant. I am a SPG Gold member but did not receive an upgraded room. They did offer one free "small" (and it is small, like 300mL) bottle of Fiji water free per day from the minibar. Pretty ridiculous benefit but whatever... Room is adequate size. Room was clean but not exactly 4-star clean. Some dust on the TV and night stand. Rust and peeling chrome in the bathroom. King bed and linens were very comfortable. Nice seating area by the window. I did not have much of a view in a "Wonderful" room. Some of the "Spectacular" rooms I saw did have view of the Space Needle which was nice. Air conditioning worked adequately but in the summer I tend to like to keep my room cold and it never really got cold. Not too hot, just not cold. Bathroom was large with nice hot shower but measly water pressure. Again, not four-star here. Typical W amenities of a variety of high quality Bliss products. Strangely there were 3 bath towels but each was a different material. (I don't know if this is like the "choose your own pillow" thing that W and other hotels have going on nowadays but I thought it was odd). Two terry robes are available but again these have seen better days. There is a small desk area. There is a flat screen TV (on the smaller side of things...maybe 35") with the typical obnoxious hotel slow channel-changing remote. HBO is free. There is a DVD player. The front desk has about 35 old DVDs to checkout (and I do mean old...the newest movie on the list is probably from maybe 2000, if that). But there is an IGA supermarket nearby with a RedBox if staying in and watching a movie is your thing. No in-room coffee (something I wish W would start offering). They do have decent coffee in the lobby. No newspaper delivery to the room but there were a couple of newspapers by the elevator...if you weren't quick enough though, they would all be gone. The ice machine on my floor was broken. I'm sure had I called the desk they would have brought ice. But, maybe when the ice machine on a floor is broken, they should just keep the ice buckets full in the rooms on that floor. This is what I expect from four star hotel which this W is obviously not. I did not spend much time in the evening at the hotel itself so I can't comment on nightlife there but it seemed even returning late in the evening there was still quite a crowd in the lobby/bar. I did get the complimentary 4:00pm checkout as a SPG Gold without a problem. Again staff was pleasant and efficient at checkout. Hotel is in a good location. There are a lot of restaurants and bars nearby. It's is easy walking distance to Pike Place Market, the modern glass & steel public library, and Bank of America/Columbia Center Tower (the tallest building in Seattle with an observation deck). If you head a bit far south it does get a bit sketchy at night so just be aware...overall Seattle is relatively safe. It's about 1-1/2 mile walk to SafeCo field and Qwest (now named something even dumber) field or a quick bus ride if you are going to an event. Public transportation in Seattle is excellent so if you are wondering if you should rent a car or not for a short visit I would not bother...as long as you are staying in the Seattle area. You could always rent a car for one day if you wanted to make a day trip to sites farther afield and there are plenty of rental car places around the hotel area. I would not stay at the W Seattle again. Nothing particularly bad about the hotel but I think you could do better at this price point. They need to fix the bathrooms and clean the rooms a bit better. W should offer free internet. Although the other big chains at this price point don't, all the independent boutique hotels do; and these boutique hotels are really the main competition for W hotels, in my opinion.