We stayed at the W Seattle for four nights from 9/8-9/13 and its safe to say that our stay was anything but memorable. The W hotel is a nice hotel and the rooms are of adequate size with nice appointments, but everything else is average at best. Things I would expect from a true luxury hotel: free internet (not just in the lobby); free coffee in room; free bottle of water in room. The W Seattle doesnt have any of these. The Acura Experience, what is supposed to be a kind of personal shuttle that can take you to anywhere within a few miles of the hotel only runs until 5 or 6 pm. To us, the only helpful time to use this amenity would be for going to dinner somewhere. Unless you were eating with seniors for the early bird special, it was done operating by the time you were ready. The location of the hotel is wonderful, but there are many other hotels within the downtown area that my be a better overall place to stay. The concierge was helpful for things around the city, mostly restaurants, but when we asked him a question about our Mt. Rainier trip that we were planning, he said he didnt have any idea. I know the park and mountain isnt within the city limits, but an attraction of that size with such proximity to the city is something a hotel concierge should know about and be able to inform its guests. Also, when we asked him what there was to do in a particular neighborhood, most of the time the only advice he could provide us with was a place to eat; which is not what we were looking for. In my opinion, you can get the same comfort and quality for less at a place like the Westin or the Four Points Sheraton, or pay a little bit more each night and stay at a true luxury hotel like the Fairmont. At the W, all you are paying for is the name and unfortunately, it isnt worth it. This hotel was not ranked that well amongst the Seattle hotels on the Trip Advisor list when we were booking it, but I went against the reviews and ratings and booked it anyways. BIG MISTAKE. Always trust Trip Advisor and rankings, especially a hotel such as this which has many, many reviews. This was our first stay at a W hotel and I dont think we will be returning to this W or any other anytime soon.