I cashed in my Starwood points for two nights at the W Seattle. Before arriving, I upgraded to a fabulous room, which is a corner room on one of the higher floors. The points were worth it: the room felt large, mainly because of the long L-shaped hallway leading from the front door to the bedroom area and the floor to (almost) ceiling windows that wrapped around the other side of the room. The robes were soft, and I couldn't get enough of the Bliss spa bath products. The bathroom was clean and efficient, but still pretty. The bed was great, too, although I wish there was more choice of pillows. Maybe a firmer one or a foam one? The office/business furniture in the room looked a little worse for wear, though, and for a place this pricey, internet access should be free, and the business center should expand its business hours; 9am-7pm doesn't really work for non-business travelers. Instead, I went down the street and used the public library's computers for free (your local tax dollars at work!). Check-in went smoothly, and the young woman at the front desk was very helpful and positive. Not quite what I expected at all. But the concierge--ugh. Both men that I interacted with were snooty and not very helpful. Maybe it's because I mainly asked about public transit, but I was told that both of them knew nothing about it or how to get a transit map. They could, though, look up a specific route online for me. That may have been helpful for dinner, but with a day full of sightseeing, I wanted more information while I was out and about. The barrista (barristo? it was a guy...) down by the Sculpture Park was way more helpful, pointing me in the right direction of the bus tunnel (transit center) as well as giving me a number to call Metro for bus times, directions, and lines. Really, W Seattle, you need to hire that guy! All in all, the hotel was fine. The view was great, street noise was low, location couldn't be beat, and, well, I used points so I only paid taxes and fees. If I was paying $300+ for a room, though, I'd expect a little more polish and finesse, both in the furniture and the concierge. The concierge should make you feel at home or at least well taken care of, and not like a piece of trash.