I do a lot of business travel to Seattle and I like to stay downtown. I also like the Starwood brand because I think they have one of the best rewards programs. So I decided to try the W Seattle. I have stayed at many Ws accross the country and usually I love them. However, this W is just average. POSITIVES: 1. Location. Its right in the heart of downtown. 2. The bed. This is a given in a W which, I believe, all use the "Hevenly Bed." I love this bed, it is pillowed topped and has nice linens and a huge (and heavy) down comforter. It is so confortable. I was so impressed with this bed the first time I stayed at a W in 2002 that I actually bought one. So its nice to have the same bed in the hotel that I enjoy every night at home. NEUTRALS: 1. The room. It was nicely appointed and had a nice window seat with lots of funky pillows. However, the view was of a hotel accross the street and as far as the theme of the room, I felt it was mediocre at best when comparting it to other W rooms I've visited in other states (like San Diego or New Orleans). 2. The staff. They were average at best, nothing out of the ordinary. Not particularly friendly or helpful but definately not rude, pushy or mean. NEGATIVES: 1. The lobby. Its tiny as compared to many Ws I've stayed in and the bar, while nice is TINY and often too crowded to even get a seat. One thing I've always enjoyed about Ws is the club-like feel of their lobbies and the cool bar scene. This W has neither. 2. The elevator and hallways. They are extremely dark!! It is bizzare how dark they are. Maybe its to hide the fact that this hotel is an older hotel that's been renovated to become a W and so they darker down the hallways so that you can't see the age of it. However, I found it a tad unnerving and I'm a guy. 3. Expensive: I paid over $325 for a night at this hotel and when compared against staying at the other Starwood properties in town (or any other hotel for that matter) that can generally be reserved for $200 or less, I think this hotel is a bit over-priced.