I've been a guest at the Hotel Max 6-8 times in past 3 years. My wife and I stayed there based on the hotel's relationship (same owners) to one of our favorite hotels in Portland (OR), the Hotel Lucia. We stayed at the Lucia a few times prior to moving to Portland in 2008 and always liked it. In any case, my experiences with Hotel Max have been, frustratingly, all over the board. Sometimes fine, sometimes not so fine. We'd been told that the rooms were small and strangely shaped, but this was something we could learn to live with. One time, we were unfortunate enough to get a room near the elevators, and the constant buzzing and vibration made for a sleepless night. Over time, we learned what sort of room to ask for. I have also tried other nearby hotels - the Westin, the Mayflower and the Andra - but since my meeting was nearby, I thought that I'd try Max again. This time, however, I was quite unhappy with the room. One thing that concerns me is that, regardless of the number of times I've stayed there, the folks at the front desk don't seem to know this. I'm always asked "Have you ever stayed with us before?" and I always answer "Yes, many times", to which they reply, "Welcome Back". Although I'm not there THAT often, shouldn't they know that I'm a bit of a regular? Anyway, I was put into room 821 (I'd requested a room on a higher floor, to stay away from street noise) and I have to say that this room is in need of a make-over. It's on the back side of the building and, unfortunately, there is a VERY loud exhaust vent a few floors down that was a constant nuisance. When I first checked in to the room, I heard the noise, thought that it was going to be something that would go away, dropped off my luggage and ran out to my meeting and dinner afterwards. I returned to the room late (around midnight) to find that it was FREEZING in my room. I walked over to the window and looked for leaks, but all I felt was a breeze coming from somewhere. The carpeting near the window was quite tattered near the edges - perhaps that was the source. I then turned on the window-mounted heater/AC unit to warm things up. It also has a loud fan, but I was willing to live with it so long as it generated heat. When I turned it off, however, the room quickly got cold again. One of the lamps near the bed did not operate. I saw that it was unplugged, so I plugged it in. I turned on the lamp and the bulb went out immediately, so I unplugged the lamp and left the cord visible for the hotel service folks... The closet is absolutely tiny - about 3 feet wide and no more than a foot deep - so you had to hang your clothes on an angle. The closet near the front door was converted into a small shower room, while the actual bathroom contained only a toilet and small sink and is no more than 3 feet wide (almost like the bathroom on an airplane). The toilet seat would not stay up - another frustration! On the plus side, the bed is comfortable, the pillows are quite nice, the TV worked well, and there are good coffee and tea selections (free). The lobby is nice, the location is excellent, and the service (except for the aforementioned memory loss) is usually good. This is why this place is so frustrating to me - I think that, if management was really paying attention, they'd notice the things I found and work hard to fix them. So, in the end, I end up telling myself that its just not worth the aggravation anymore. I do hope, however, that hotel management will do what they can to make sure that new customers find their stays more enjoyable than mine was...