The last time I was in Seattle was October and the previous year in October as well. Kept seeing Hotel Max on the corner and thought it looked funky and an awesome location close to everything. This much is true. Location cannot be beat. In summer weather, this place is perfect to walk to everything; from the market to the Space Needle and Westlake Center shopping. We stayed Friday to Tuesday am and the valet parking attendants (sorry, but I didn't catch names and hate to label, but there were two African American and one Somalian gentlemen, who were AWESOME!) Front desk was average at best. Looked asleep and the guy who checked us in didn't even tell us that you had to stick the key card into the slot in the elevator to make it go to your floor. After going back and forth, we figured it out...kinda funny. Our room was on the fourth floor facing out to Stewart and it's LOUD. I have stayed all over the country in every major city and this place is LOUD. If you stay here request a room on the other side, or you will never sleep. The walls are so paper thin that we could hear people talking (every word!), having sex (my 15-year old niece got educated.), and taking a shower at 2:00 am and hearing them drop the soap in the shower!!! Not lying...we turned on the window heater/air to drown out noise, but then that was like having an airplane hangar next to you...wow. This is like having your own little efficiency apartment in the middle of downtown Seattle. Yes, it is funky, the art is cool, but that lasts a minute and then you're like...oh no, this is loud and really small. If you are over 6 feet tall, you will have a difficult time using the bathroom. I'm not joking and I think our bathroom was larger than most. My knees almost hit the wall when going potty! The shower wouldn't drain (we asked twice for it to be fixed!) and so by the time you got out you had water ankle deep! Every day we had to ask for more toiletries, since there were three of us and we actually needed them! We weren't taking home for future use...didn't do that. Valet parking is $30, but since we rented a car and it was raining the entire trip, for us it was probably more cost effective, since we could come and go many times and not have to pay. The lot across the street was less expensive, but once you leave, that's it. So for us that could've been $100 easy a day! And the above mentioned valet guys were sweetie pies and talkative and made the whole stay! They should be at the front desk taking care of people...awesome! We ordered room service one night and it was horrible!!! So gross...ordered two sodas and they just slapped the dirty-topped cans on the tray with no glasses of ice. We ordered three separate meals; got one set of cutlery...wha??? Wierd and gross...mistake. Stay else where...hate to say it...really hate to say it.