Overall, our stay at the Hotel Max was good. Memorable for the visual quality of the premises, but not the excellent experience. I feel as though the hotel is relying on the "gimmick" of being an "art hotel" to carry it. The main color scheme was red and black, huge printed photographs covered the room doors, and unique art hangs in each room. If this uniqueness were combined with thoughtful design and amenities, the hotel would truly be a treasure. Unfortunately, the art stands alone as the main recommending feature of the hotel. Outside of art, the theme of this hotel seems to be "tiny." The elevators were tiny (fitting two, up to four people semi-comfortably.) In our "artist king" room, there was little space to move around the bed, though the bed itself was supremely comfortable, and linens were clean and luxurious. The toilet and sink were separate from the shower, and both rooms were tiny and spare, to the point of being obnoxious. There was barely enough space to turn around, and no counter space at all, just a small shelf below a small mirror, and a small sink below that. The towels were nothing special. There was a full-length mirror in the closet. At night, the lobby plays thumping techno music which spills into the street like a homing beacon, but does not carry up to the rooms. Front desk service was fine. Not stellar, but certainly polite and acceptable. We did not order room service. The cleaning staff was friendly, and doormen and valets were plentiful and personable. The attached restaurant, Redfin, is recommended. Where I was truly disappointed in Hotel Max was the daily fee for wireless internet in guest rooms. The exorbitant mini-bar I could overlook (toothbrush and paste $15? Really?) but the internet fee was a letdown. It's no fun to be "nickel-and-dimed," especially at the price and quality level Hotel Max aspires to. All in all, the stay was perfectly fine. It was within walking distance to Pike Place, lots of shopping, and lots of great restaurants. I recommend the experience for the sake of the experience, but would not stay a second time.