I picked the Hotel Max because I was looking for something reasonably priced, hip and located near shopping and sites. It came through on all these requirements. My fiance and I weren't put off by the size of the room (King) we thought it was unique and suited us just fine. To summarize: Staff I called to get our rate adjusted a couple weeks before because the rate had dropped. The woman that I got on the phone was eager to help and very pleasant to talk to. That same enthusiasm to please continued when we checked in, asked for directions one day, and asked for a later check out. The cleaning staff was efficient and we weren't bothered by any early morning cleaning. Food We only ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Red Fin but it was surprisingly affordable, large portions and good. I think it was our cheapest full breakfast in Seattle. Location Was perfect, close to, shopping, monorail, the I-5 and only a couple of blocks down to the waterfront. Why I wouldn't stay again Unfortunately I can't recommend to anyone to stay here again all the positives I listed above were outweighed by the lack of soundproofing and temperature control. We had a corner room which no doubt put us in a better position, but we could hear everything from our neighbors room next door, everything. It was like they were in the room with us! We didn't mind the city noise that is what you would expect staying downtown, but I had couple sleepless nights because of talking, laughter and such that came right through the wall. The heating and cooling of the room (as far as we could tell) was controlled exclusively by a unit mounted in the window, so when it was cold (all the time) we turned on the heat (very loud) when it got too hot we turned it off. Recommendations to the hotel would be: install heat/cooling units with automatic temperature shut off so that you can keep your room at a comfortable temperature without having to constantly adjust the unit (especially useful when sleeping!). During the renovations to turn this building into a hotel they should have invested more in soundproofing the walls.