The best thing about this hotel is location. It's literally one block from Washington State Convention & Trade Center, where I had a work related conference. I stayed 4 nights, 5 days. Plus it's directly across the street from the Gray Line Seattle Downtown Airporter, only $17 round trip, to and from the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport main terminal. Believe me, when you are tired from running around all day, having a hotel you can practically crawl home to is a blessing. Plus it was close enough to take breaks back at the room during the day. The concierge/front desk was nice enough to hold onto my luggage the last day of the conference, even though I checked out that morning, so I didn't have to haul it around with me all day. The room was unexpectedly tiny, but sufficient if you just want a place to crash at night. The bathroom was so small, you had to close the bathroom door before using the toilet. Maybe not a big deal for men, but women may find themselves not being able to reach the toilet paper after sitting down if they left the door open. The shower was so small, there was no room to bend over inside the shower space. I'm 5'6" and I had to lean out the door to wash my feet and legs. No tub, just the small shower stall. The good thing is that the shower set-up encourages you to save water. You have to turn the water off to soap up since there is no place to get out of the shower stream while in the stall. I had a room on the back-side, away from the city street. The good things are that it was quiet and private (only a brick wall straight across from the window). The bad thing was that it was directly over the vent to one of the greasy food restaurants. So, you had a choice. Either have the window open and smell old grease, or have the window closed and have a nice, white noise background sound from all the fans and vents that were in the area. The food situation was challenging. There was no supermarket, mini-mart or drugstore close to stock up on munchies and water. There was a Starbucks (surprise) directly across the street, so I got a big plastic cup I used the whole visit as well as paying too much for juice and water. There is a Bartell Drugs on 5th & Olive, but it was out of the way. I did pick up a few things on the 3rd day. Luckily, the conference provided food in the evening of most days, but I was on my own a couple days. Since I had eaten at the San Francisco one, I ate at Ruth's Chris Steak House, about one block away. Von's Grand City Cafe is off the hotel lobby and it reminded me of a TGIF or Applebee's. Service was terrible, but it was close. Other alternatives I noticed within one block, I didn't check out: GameWorks (bar/junk food), Cheesecake Factory, Fox Sports Grill (down stairs), Dragonfish Asian Cafe. Overall, the concierge and front desk were very helpful. Two small annoyances. When I arrived, the front desk clerk was chatting on the phone and trying to check me in at the same time. I didn't know whether he was talking to me or the person on the phone. Second, I had a package of extra stuff I had bought such as books I wanted shipped back home. Even though I made all arrangements to have it go out on Tuesday, the package was still sitting at the hotel as of Thursday. It only went out then because I called to ask about it.