Stayed here twice as part of cruise package. Notified them I was Hilton Honours member and asked for tower room on floor 7 or above as recommended by other reviewers. Received email saying this had been noted and they would try to accommodate. On arrival their system was down so we were allocated a room in a wing (think it was 5). Receptionist very polite and said if we returned in 2hrs when system was back up they would move us. Room they moved us to, however,was only on 5th floor wit view over car park. The cups (paper not china) were used and there was a used coffee bag in the machine. The bedside light was also faulty. We reported this on our way back into the hotel after going over the road to eat. The receptionist said he would send someone up straight away which I acknowledged was great as we had been up for over 20hrs and were very tired. 1.5hrs later no-one had been and I phoned down. I received an apology and another promise of immediate action. It took a further 40mins before someone appeared and they simply provided fresh cups. It was far too late to raise the issue of the lights. Having said this the rooms were spotless, huge and the beds very comfortable with pillows to die for. Considering the hotel is opposite the airport it is not well soundproofed and you could hear the road and air traffic. We didn't eat at the hotel but went to Dave's diner for tea-nothing special but cheap and varied, typical American comfort food- and Denny's for breakfast which was again, good value. Also didn't use the gym or outdoor swimming pool but that looked clean. For convenience to the airport this hotel is fine (although it occupies a massive square footage and if you are allocated a room in one of the wings there could be a long walk) and there is a free, regular shuttle service to and from the airport itself. It is, however approx 20mins away from Seattle itself so not very convenient if you want to grab a quick sight seeing opportunity. I think that in summary it does what it says on the tin and our hiccup ignored, it does it very well and comfortably. Check -in has been commented on previously and there does appear to be times when there are not enough staff to deal with the people trying to check in but they try their best and are polite and welcoming.