Travel Agent Perspective I am a travel agent and my daughter and I stayed at the Colony Bay the week of April 17th for one week. We had a very good holiday at this resort but there certainly were pluses and minuses. This resort has only been open for three months, so it has a long way to go to receive a 5 star rating, I would rate it at a 3.5. I think part of the problem is the expectation of the guests that it is sold as a 5 star by Sunquest and they have paid for a 5 star when it is only a 3.5. With that out of the way, you will not be disappointed if you expect a 3.5 star and pay for a 3.5 star. This resort is located in Uvero Alto and not in Bavaro and so the bus ride from the airport is one hour to this resort. It is in an isolated location located one property over from the Dreams resort (previously Sunscape the Beach). If you wish to leave the resort to go into Bavaro or Higuey, the taxi cab prices are very expensive ie: to reach the Majestic Colonial in Bavaro from the Colony Bay is $33.00 US one way, $60.00 US to the Punta Cana airport one way, needless to say, we didn't leave the resort and for this reason we felt claustrobphobic. Pool and Beach Area:It is a small resort located directly on the beach and it only took you a minute to get to your room, the restaurants, the lobby, the pool, the beach and had ramps for wheelchair accessibility, (although the ramps were a little steep). My recommendation to the resort is that they install a hand rail into the pool, as the steps are hard to see and 3 people fell down going into the pool, one guest actually broke her arm and dislocated her shoulder. The pool is large and cleaned daily (I was out there at 6:30 a.m. every morning). There are plenty of palapas and lounge chairs as well as on the beach. There was no poolside waiter service but the swim up bar was very close to all sides of the pool. The beach itself was beautiful, and yes it has very light fine brown sand and there are waves at this beach which made it great for boogie boarding, but it is not the calm waters clear waters of the Caribbean, but remember, you are on the Atlantic ocean side of the island not the Caribbean Sea side. I do not recommend this beach for young children as there is a strong undertow and it was red flagged 4 days out of 7 while we were there. There are no non-motorized water sports to speak of, the boogie boards were broken and not replaced, they did have kayaks, but the waves are too rough for kayaking, there was no parasailing, jet skis, banana boats etc., you had to go down the beach to the Dreams resort for these motorized water sport activities. The plus of this beach is that there are not thousands of people on it like Bavaro, so if you want a nice secluded beach to walk, this certainly is for you. There was relatively very little seaweed on the beach but if you walked down to the Dreams, they had so much seaweed on the beach that the smell was not pleasant. They do have a kids club area but I didn't see anything going on there. They do have a disco in the sports bar until they finish building the casino and disco. Music was extremely loud but the break dancers were unbelievable! They closed the sports bar for three days and the dancing moved into the lobby bar area and it was much better as everyone participated in dancing from the young to seniors and they had brought in a singer and piano player, which everyone enjoyed.Rooms:The rooms are basic, no coffee makers in the room, but I brought my own. The remote for the tv didn't work, but got that fixed the next day. The beds were fine but very small pillows. Pressure in the shower was great, but just had warm water, never got hot. The safe is free but make sure to ask for the lock at check in. Mini bar was stocked every day with 2 cervasas, 2 bottled water and 2 cokes. There were snacks, chocolate bars etc in the fridge but there was a charge for them, they have price tags on them, very expensive, bring your own. I saw a fellow at the front desk who was quite irate because he had been charged for a chocolate bar that he never had and the front desk's solution was to give him a chocolate bar but he had to pay for the first one he never had -- only in the Dominican! I recommend to the resort that they do not stock these items in the fridge as they don't seem to have a good tracking system of what was used -- and so there were arguments over guests being charged and not having used the item and of course, there is no way to prove anything. If you want a snack just go to the gift shop, the prices were cheaper anyway. Maid service was good, no complaints there. Workmanship at this resort is not very good but again, 3.5 star.Front Desk check in was no problem and quick and they spoke English pretty good.Restaurants and Service:I have been to Punta Cana 7 times before and had stayed at 5 star resorts, and I have to say that the food was pretty good at this resort, there was something to eat for everyone and the best was certainly their desserts - they were fantastic! Although, don't expect to see a lot of shrimp, lobster etc. in the buffet. But I have to rate the food at 8 out of 10. I have to rate the service at this resort as a 10 out of 10. The staff were very friendly and courteous -- this was the biggest plus of this resort and Luis and Pablo, the bartenders were fantastic! Entertainment and Nightly Shows:The entertainment at the pool was basic with water aerobics, dancing lessons, waterpolo, beach volleyball etc. The nightly shows were a little cheesey, except the Michael Jackson show was pretty good. My complaint is that these shows started way too late at night 9:45 pm, so there wasn't a whole lot to do between supper and waiting for the show to begin. Not enough activities at this resort. Check out was fast and painless. My complaint is with Sunquest that we had to leave the hotel so early for the airport and ended up spending almost 4 hours at the Punta Cana airport -- this was ridiculous and of course, there was no Sunquest rep at the resort the day we were leaving. There were travel agency owners at this resort at the time we were there and they were on the same plane as we were leaving for Edmonton at 7:05 p.m. but they didn't leave the resort until 4:00 p.m. (what's up with that when we had to be at the lobby at 2:00 p.m. to leave for the airport). Check out is at noon. If you want to stay in your room until 4:00 p.m. if you have a late flight out, you can pay an extra $20.00 US. Otherwise, they do have a shower area in the lobby part.My recommendation to my clients is that if you are looking for a small resort, not a lot of walking etc., a quiet time by the pool and beach, good food and good service I would recommend this resort as a sold 3.5 star at this time. If you are looking for a resort with a lot of activities, amenities, children's activities and want to leave the resort to explore the towns and area etc. I do not recommend this resort as it is way out of the way and very expensive to get anywhere. The owner had stated that they will be building an additional 320 rooms but I recommend that they bring the current status of this resort up first before building more rooms and not having all the services and amenities in place for the guests first.We did have a great holiday but my expectations were that of a 3.5 star and not a 5 star.