Had a Great Time but not a 4.5 no more than a 3.5 Colony Bay - March 26 to April 2Flew out of Saskatoon with Skyservice early in the morning, with a quick twenty minute stop in Regina to pick up some other people. The flight was good, movies were okay and the food was your typical flight food. Arrived in Punta Cana ready for a cold beer, cigarette and to have a great vacation.The airport check in went very smoothly and before we knew it we had found our bus and were on our way, with a nice cold beer in hand. We were the only ones on the Sunquest bus going to Colony Bay, and were dropped off first so this was a bonus, as it was an hours bus ride to the resort and it was pretty hot and muggy on the bus.Check in went smoothly as we were the only ones checking in. We were given our key, towel cards and the card to activate our power in the room which includes the air conditioning. We were also made to sign a paper agreeing to pay for anything other than the two pop and two beer, replenished each day in the fridge. We actually ended up having some chips but if you go to the store first thing in the morning on the resort to replace them you can save a few bucks - a bit dishonest but after experiencing the dishonesty throughout the week from others that work there we didnt feel so bad. A little warning as well we ended up having to pay for a chocolate bar on check out which was supposed to be three dollars but they charged us four as they said it was an extra dollar for taxes. Unbelievable but we just chalked it up to experience.We were escorted by a bell boy who helped us to our room with our luggage. We were on the third floor in building three. Although the rooms are not the largest we have been in, they were clean and suited us just fine. The beds were not queen size but comfortable and big enough for us. The bathroom was fairly large and there was plenty of hangers in the closet and three large drawers in the dresser for anything else we wanted to store in there. The balcony is the smallest I have ever seen but big enough for the two chairs and little table that is out there. We actually sat out there a few evenings relaxing and listening to the music from the entertainment. The pool is sensational and the swim up bar is awesome. We ended up spending the majority of our vacation at the pool and did not mind one bit. There was always lots of room to swim and we never had a problem getting chairs. As far as getting the umbrellas around the pool for the shade, if you cant find one just back up about thirty feet from the pool and there are extras on the sand back there. We only used one once so wasnt a problem. And yes there is sand that blows in the jetted tubs and the pool but it is very windy at this resort and what do you expect when the beach is right there. We were at the pool early enough a few times and watched the staff working very hard to clean the sand out. There never seemed to be any throughout the day so obviously they cleaned it very well in the mornings. Also, maybe some people who are walking on the beach should utilize the showers to rinse off prior to going into the pool and this would help as well. The pool to us was awesome and kept very clean for the most part. The swim up bar was fun and plentiful as I found out the first full day there. Please say hi to Henry (boom boom). We also played water polo a few afternoons and had a blast with this as well. The beach is nice although very windy There is lots of chairs but most people dont tend to sit there I think because of the wind. The sand is nice but definitely not your white powder like other beaches in the Dominican. To the left of the resort when you are facing the ocean there is extra lots and yes lots of garbage but they do not belong to the resort so I dont think it is fair to judge the resort for this. As far as the ocean well it is very wavy as previously stated in other reviews. This is because it is open water with no protective barrier of a reef to help break the waves. We did go wave jumping a few times and had a blast but the undertow is very strong so wouldnt let kids go in without supervision that is forsure. I would also make sure that you wear water shoes as although it seems nice and sandy my man stepped on something and ended up having to go to the doctor when we returned for antibiotics and to have over ten large slivers taken out of his foot. So beware of things in the water.The staff is excellent and try very hard to make your vacation good for the most part. However, there are some that dont smile and really dont want to do much without a tip and even then are still not very happy. Our maid was good although nothing spectacular and you had to tip to get your extra beer and pop stocked in the fridge. Also, not very giving with clean towels and facecloths so you may have to hunt her down for this. The bar staff at both the pool and lobby were excellent as were the restaraunt staff for the most part. The front desk however, really made me mad a few times. There is a problem in building three with the air conditioning freezing up on a daily basis. A little advice, turn it off when you leave in the morning and then back on in the evening and it should work. We found this out and it only takes a few minutes to cool the room off. A few times we called the front desk but really did not get any help. They then just plain wouldnt answer the phone when we called. Kind of a pain but it was okay until I watched them one day in the lobby when the phone would ring. They would look at it and determine what room was calling discuss it amongst themselves and then laugh and ignore the phone!! I was not impressed with this at all as I felt it very unfair to people who were calling. So again for the most part staff were good except for the desk people.Sunquest Rep. Marie Jose - we were not impressed with this woman at all and will be contacting Sunquest to discuss her attitude and the way that she treats some people. She was very blunt and rude at the best of times. We arrived on a Wednesday and because we were the only two who arrived she did not come around until a larger group arrived for Friday. Now normally this would have been fine except the only trip we wanted to go on to Saona Island was on Fridays and Wednesdays. The day she came so it was too late to go and the day we were leaving. We were able to go on Sunday with a Brittish group which turned out to be a blast but she really did not encourage us to go with this group as she did not feel it would be very good. She made it very clear what she thought of the British - not exactly a good thing for a tour rep. However we found out later that this was because she doesnt make commission on this tour because it isnt through Sunquest. Guess if she had of been to see us on Thursday this would have been eliminated. There were other things concerning her as well but I wont get into them, I will let Sunquest deal with them.There are also a few people who work around the pool trying to get you to buy horse back riding excursions. We considered this but in the end didnt go. Some did and had a great time so I am sure it would be something to see and do. However, when you say no these people will bother you at least three times per day and are a real pain in the butt sometimes. I finally had to get rude as every time I tried to relax by the pool they were there bothering us. The food - I have thought long and hard on how to put this part into my review. Let me start with the Steakhouse which I will tell you was by far the best meal we had and absolutely delicious. We had rib eye with baked potatoes and not only was it hot but it was delicious. We also had the buffalo wings for an appetizer which were excellent as well - make sure you each order an order though as you only get two to an order. Not like here where you get ten or more to an order. The buffet. Well the desserts were always excellent and the ice cream was to die for. Breakfast was exactly the same each day and the omelettes were okay but usually undercooked. The food was always cold it seemed and basically the same every day for every meal. Definitely not the best but not the worst either. Never walked away hungry but was not impressed with the food. Definitely a 3.5 at the most as far as the food in the buffet is concerned. Please watch the chicken as it is usually undercooked. Trip to Saona was a good day and lots of fun. Although not the party on the catermaran that I have endured in the past. But beautiful and fun just the same. Lunch was excellent as well and so were the drinks.Shopping was okay we ventured to the little shopping market a couple of times and bargained some good deals. Although it is definitely not Mexico, they have some nice stuff and we were lucky to get some good deals. So overall I am a very experienced traveller and I am usually pretty fair and have fun. We had a good vacation and except for the food really did enjoy ourselves. However, we would not return to this resort and if we didnt get such an awesome deal I would be very upset. However we only paid eight hundred a piece so even though they advertise this place as a four and a half to five, we only paid for a three to three and a half so are happy. But I dont believe the resort will ever be higher than a 3.5 and definitely would never pay full price to go there.Now for the worst part of our entire trip and let me tell you I have been to the DR four times and loved it each time - even this time with the resort - until we went to leave. I can now honestly say that I will NEVER return to this country ever again. We checked out and our bus was a bit late but not a big deal. The ride back to airport was okay and although the airport was very busy we were okay with this as well. When we got to the check in we were told our suitcases were over weight and it was going to cost us $200.00 US. We were prepared for this as we were overweight coming from Canada as well so not a huge suprise. However, the guy checking us in slipped my passport back across the counter and told me he would give me a deal and would only charge me $150 if I slipped the money in the passport. Of course we did this and he pocketed the cash. I will be honest we only put $75 in the passport - I guess two can play the game is what we thought. We then proceeded to check in and went through security with no problems. We ate at Wendys and shopped a little at duty free before boarding the plane which was on time. However then it all went bad. Everyone was on the plane and they were about to close the door when a security lady from there got on and started down the isle. She got to our seats and asked to see our tickets and passports. She then told me that I needed to come with her. Now let me tell you this scared me but as the plane was ready to leave. I tried to ask her on the way back in the airport what the problem was but she wouldnt answer me. I thought forsure the plane was going to leave me behind. Anyways she took me into the security room where a security guard who could not speak english was going through my suitcase - and I mean going through my suitcase!!! Anyways I had bought a carton of cigarettes before leaving Canada and then had bought another at duty free in Saskatoon. I had finished one carton while on vacation and there were six packs left in the other one which I packed back up in my suitcase. Please keep in mind that my carry on also had an additional pack and a half that nobody took or said anything about when going through security. Anyways they began accusing me that the cigarettes were narcotics even though the celephane was even still on the packages!!! I tried to explain that they were only cigarettes and a supervisor for security came over as well I had no idea what they were saying as I dont speak spanish. The lady then looked very worried and told me to leave the cigarettes and ask them if I could please go as they were about to arrest me!!! Of course I did as she said and was near tears because I thought forsure I was going to jail for cigarettes. Anyways after begging them and telling them that they could keep the whole suitcase if they wanted they let me go. Thank goodness as the plane was just about to leave me there. I couldnt and still cant believe what happened. Not to mention my poor spouse who had to stay on the plane and had no idea what was going on. It was a terrible experience and was very scary for me. So I must say that I will not be returning for these reasons. Until it was time to leave we had a good vacation and now can sort of laugh about what happened. Especially since I work in a drug rehab so if I had been arrested not sure how I would have told my boss what I had been arrested for. Anyways wont be going back to the DR but had a good vacation overall and got lots of RR which is what we went for. Anyone who has any additional questions please feel free to email me and I will try my best to answer. Good luck and happy travels to you all and please make sure you dont have cigarettes in your luggage when you go home!!!!