The Truth On Colony Bay Resort We are experienced all-inclusive travelers, having stayed thruout Mexico,Cuba and Dominican.We stayed for 2 weeks from March 02 - 16 2008.As other people have said this hotel is over rated in the travel brochurs. Personally I would give this resort a 3.5. If you are used to staying at a high end hotel and expect that type of service and quality READ NO FURTHER do not book this hotel.There is no WHITE SANDY BEACH or QUEEN BEDS as stated in the brochurs. (note the beach is fine just not white fluffy sand)Reason to BOOK this hotel.SMALL, with a ground level room there is little walking.QUIET, not over flowing with people ie drunking party people.GROUP TRAVEL, you could take this hotel over  make it feel like your cottage.If you are staying here ask for BUILDING 4, third floor even # room. They all have a view of the ocean, Dreams Hotel, jungle and sunset behind beautiful hillside and nitetime noise is blocked by suites building. Reasons NOT TO BOOK this hotel.LOCATION, off the beaten track, terible bus ride, long distances to travel for day tours.PARTY LIFE, pretty quiet, mostly couples  families.VARIETY OF FOOD, it is edible but you look forward to little. Most of the main dishes/steaks are fried on flat grill.(even though its attached to a gas grill)NIGHT LIFE, typical 3 star hotel shows nothing special, some offensive. If you are on a limited budget and this is affordable/cheap go for it. But there are much better hotels and places to visit.If you have children I felt this hotel had a number of saftey issues which were not addressed after it was brought to the hotels attention. Also their kids program seemed very limited.Yes the people working there for the most part were friendly and helpful but again there are a lot of nicer places to stay for simmilar money.I have sent a letter to SUNQUEST complaining about their representation of this hotel and would be interested to hear how other peoples complaints are responded to.If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me at rsaunders@sympatico.caHappy Vacationing BeachvolleyballP.S. volleyball court was not very good, rocky and trees in dangerous positions. I went and played at the DREAMS next door, excellent court!