Sunshine  We just returned from our one week trip to the Dominican Rep.  would have to say that overall, we enjoyed our stay.Our travel agent had advised us that Colony Bay Resort recently opened so she wasn't sure about the service. I can confirm that the food services staff, entertainment staff, etc. are quite eager to help, although there may be language barriers at times--nothing serious. The staff are learning English, French, Italian.The food was generally good. They had theme nights each evening  also have a steakhouse  pizzeria. They require bookings every day for your evening meals but this can be easily done either in the morning or early afternoon. (your travel rep. will advise you where this can be done). The pizzeria doesn't require bookings. There is a snack bar ab the disco/sports bar. I was a bit more hesitant to eat anything from here other than the tacos. Why I was hesitant is that food may have been left out for awhile, even though it was wrapped. I also noticed that the juice from the cooked weiners were dripping into the cheese sauce. Yuck!Our first night to the steakhouse was the evening when a fire started in the roof of the buffet next to us. At first there was some confusion--the staff acted on this quite quickly, it was the visitors who were slow leaving the building. The roof, as most of the roofs at the resort ,are made of palm leaves. I'm not sure what started the fire but I can say they managed to put the fire out, thankfully, as this is a windy location. There are no fire alarms or water sprinklers that I noticed. The rooms themselves, are drywall but the buildings are made of concrete blocks. The hotel manager did issue a letter or apology to each room.During our stay, the roof was being repaired  I imagine the buffet should be up  running any day now. In the meantime, all meals were handled out of the beach buffet  the steakhouse. When we did eat at the steakhouse, they ran out of rib eye. Instead, we ordered sirloin. Mine was fine but my partners was grissily. Do order the chicken wing appetizers!Overall, the food was good but there seemed to be an issue with flies around the food, especially after the fire. (most likely because it's an open air buffet). There is ice cream availalble during the day in the breezeway between the pizzeria  sports bar. Yummy! There is also ice cream at the buffets. Bugs: I had one bite, which I am assuming was a mosquito. The staff do spray for mosquitoes. I witnessed this once but heard they do it twice daily.Our room was clean. We didn't care for keyed doors  had some friends who had problems with there's. The room power is turned off  on with a card. This is one thing to keep in mind with the Dominican Rep. is that many people still don't have power so disruptions can occur. We had no problems. Internet is available in the main lobby. The fees are posted in this area.If you don't wear a watch, you may want to bring one or a travel clock as I didn't notice a clock anywhere. (no quarantees to find the time on t.v.. although available on some channels--you just may have to wait  watch awhile to see it).Do not drink the room water. It is fine for brushing teeth  showering. We always had hot water for showers but were advised that this may not always be the case. Our fridge was constantly stocked with bottled water, pop  beer. (no charge) Note: Try to refill water bottles at any restaurant, when possible, to help reduce garbabe. I don't think this country recycles at all!The evening shows were entertaining--great dancers  costumes! They evening had an earlier show for kids. On a couple of evenings, they had shows that involved resort guests. These shows leaned more to adult games--just a note for families with younger kids.Due to the location of the resort, I would not recommend leaving in the evening. Another resort is withing a 10 minute walk  some folks took the cab or walked to a strip mall also 10 to 15 minutes away from the resort. There will be vendors selling there wares at the resort on certain evenings. (jewellery, art, coffe, cigars seem to be the popular items). I find the Dominican a bit pricier than other places I have been to, but when you do barter, cut the price by half or less to start with.The complex is kept clean. The workmanship with tile/grouting is already showing. Again, nothing serious, but too bad for a brand new resort. You will notice tons of garbage on the way to the resort as well as in between the resorts. Sad. We didn't use the casino, but noticed it was small  not used much. The lobby was expansive  a great place to sit  visit or just people watch. There is also a clothing shop  jeweleery shop in this lobby. Behind the room buildings is where there is the gym, spa  another gift shop. We walked through the gift shop but didn't use the spa or exercise room. The pool  pool bar are nice. TThe jaccuzzis  pool are not heated.There are tons of lawnchairs however, it you want a spot near the pool or under a palapa, you may have to get your towel on the chairs before 10 o'clock. There are security guards at the beach, 24/7. Arms bands are not required at this resort or the neighboring resort, so I believe there may be some visiting going on between the two by vacationers on there walks along the beach.Makesure you have plenty of sunscreen. With the winds, I noticted I wasn't feeling hot, but was more succeptabile to burning. Great waves! Watch kids closely.Good mix of visitors at the resort. Mostly Canadian, but also folks from France, Italy, etc. including families, couples of all ages.The only tour we went on was to Saona Island. Getting anywhere in the D.R is painfully long  the roads can be quite rough, other than right out of the airport.We were picked up in a van  then had to wait at a small village to catch our a/c/ bus. There was a motorbike accident, so we were stuck in traffic for awhile. The tour stopped on the way  our return at a store. (tourist trap??? You decide. Good place to shop if your not leaving the resort again. They offered free coffee to all on the bus...the coffee was served in the smallest Dixie cup I've evern seen!!) Hilarious! We drove throught Higuey, the nearest city, before getting to our departure beach on the catamaran. Plenty of vendors, some pushy. The catamaran was relaxing...good music  lots of vitamin(rum). Saona Island is pretty, tons of palm trees, a few vendors. The beach lunch was tastie. Swam  tanned. Left in a speed boat...life jackets provided. Boated to area to see the starfish. This is how it went...look overboard as we drove past the starfish. Then we boated up to an area nearby to get out. Luckliy, we found one large starfish  one baby one. That was it! Boated back to our beach to get on the bus for our long journey back to the resort. The tour company offers a CD's of the filed trip which also includes Dominican history etc  amusic CD. Didn't purchase it or the rum that goes with it. I wished the guide had spoke more of the surroundings  history as we drove in the bus. Loved Saonoa Island, could do without the starfish experience.Kids here love candy...bring dollar store items if you like instead(stickers, etc.) In a nutshell, Colony Bay is not a huge resort  a bit more intimate because of this. We had a clean room, the food was edible (love there chocolate)  the staff were very willing to service  friendly. If you booked thorugh a tour company like Sunquest, etc., I'd recommend you sit through there briefing after arrival. Good info.  tips about the resort  the Dominican.Enjoy the local music!Weather: Very nice. In one week, we experienced rainshowers 3 times. Once at night, once very early in the morning  the last shower late in the afternoon.