I stayed here for a week on a corporate booking while working in Seattle. Having used the Marriott chain once before, I checked-in (fast, friendly and efficient) with normal expectations of quality, facilities & service. As its adjacent to the Sea-Tac airport, you could actually walk if desired. Unfortunately, due to the proximity of the hotel, airport & railway line, there was a continuous & never ending drone of aircraft taking off & landing late into the night & trains sounding their horn. As a result, sleep was often interrupted. The quality & finish of the room was indeed as expected - well appointed, stylish & comfortable, nothing too exuberant. The bed was finished with soft quality linen. There was internet access in room, a normal selection of channels on the television (an old large CRT), plus there were also tea & coffee facilities. Great, as I didnt stop for breakfast. The bathroom was always kept clean & tidy with lots of hot water for a decent shower at the end of the day. Being a courtyard configuration, the pool was centrally located in a landscaped area, finished with a high overhead roof. However, the first thing that hits you when walking up to the room, is the humidity as you have to pass through the pool area? I also noticed on some occasions, guests took full advantage of the pool being inside & used it late into the evening (9pm+). With an internal room (facing into the pool area), this too meant extra noise competing with the aircraft & interrupting sleep  not great when your adjusting from a different time-zone! Restaurant prices seemed ridiculously expensive for evening meals; although Im sure their fare was of a reasonable standard? Glancing over the menu each day, I simply opted to eat out at the various nearby restaurants each evening. To summarise; the hotel certainly offers a clean & comfortable place to stay meeting the basic expectations of the chain & suitable for business travel; ideal for a one or two night stop-over. However, in future for anything longer, Id opt for something a little further out simply to avoid the continuous noise.