Stayed at the Hilton in early December 2011. Booked a "Garden View" room and not realizing that it took over 5 minutes to walk from Lobby to the room itself. The hotel is only about 4 storeys high, and the numbering of the rooms basically reads "1" + "floor" + "room number (on that floor)". If you have a lot of luggage with you, I highly suggest that you emphasize on getting a room closer to the entrance. I had 5 pieces of luggage as I checked in, and the receptionist handling the check-in assigned one of the furthest rooms possible which took me over 7 minutes to push the luggage trolley all the way to my room. After getting all my luggage into the room, which I'd expected to be a larger size considering I was supposed to be paying for a "deluxe garden view" (the room is smaller than what you would find in a Hampton Inn), I headed out to get food as their restaurant was closed. Along the way I asked the receptionist why I was given a room so far away when I had all that luggage. The girl just frowned and said the hotel was fully booked and that I should have made the request earlier. When I told her that I had requested - as I booked on-line - that the room not be far from the elevator, she then said "can I send someone to help you then?" Being a Hilton Gold VIP member, I am entitled to either a free upgrade (where available), or breakfast, or a 1000 points HHonors bonus. I had an early flight out so I skipped breakfast. Upon check-out I asked if she would note on the bill that I should get the 1000 points, and the girl (a different undertrained person) looks at me and smiles as she recites, "oh, just tell the Hilton Hhonors people that you didn't have breakfast and they should give you the miles." What Hilton Hhonors people? It was unfortunate that I didn't have time to speak to her more, but perhaps that's a blessing as I don't think it would have helped me, but possibly only help her learn that I don't work for Hilton, nor are there Hilton Hhonors people standing around me to hear a plea about me not having breakfast at one of their lesser properties so they award me with 1000 miles. Being a Gold VIP member, and having to deal with this kind of lack of service, I don't recommend staying at this hotel unless you're travelling with over 400 other people and all of you want to stay in the same property. While the hotel is very near the airport, and that right out the back-door of the property is the lightrail stop, downtown Seattle is not 15 minutes a ride away as their website claims. The best thing I have to say about this hotel would be the shuttle bus drivers as they were the most helpful of the lot.