My teen daughter and I traveled to Seattle to use it as a base from which we would go whale watching on San Juan Island, WA, as well as visit friends and shop at Pike Place. I wanted to stay near the airport or near downtown because the plan was to take advantage of the public transportation system rather than rent a car. I chose the Hilton Seattle Airport beacause of the location (3 blocks from SeaTac, 1 block from the bus stop), and the ridiculously good price on a package deal from Priceline.com. The hotel is vast, and the lobby area is spacious and elegant, but warm and welcoming. The room we received was probably the "Priceline Special", facing the noisy street and right across the hall from the elevators. The beds were hard as rocks and they aren't very generous with the usual toiletry items that hotels usually provide. I found better at Hampton Inn, a less expensive cousin of Hilton. However, for the price I got, I won't complain much. It was clean and safe, which was my primary requirement, and service overall was friendly and efficient. The free hotel shuttle to the airport and nearby restaurants/shopping was nice, and the drivers were courteous and helpful. Definitely noted the change in attitude when the young lady at the front desk saw we were Priceling guests at check-in. She was less friendly than when we first approached. Whatever...getting a good deal on anything these days is a good thing. The food from Spencer's restaurant in the hotel was very good from what we sampled, but not stellar. A bit pricey compared to places that serve equivalent fare. There is an espresso bar with coffee, beverages, and pastries, and it opens at 5:30 am - great for those on the go. After hours, the bartender can help you with the coffee or sweets, and it's more reasonable than room service. There are other eateries nearby, from your friendly neighborhood Denny's within a mile in each direction, to a local favorite called "13 Coins" that is 2 blocks away, tucked away in an office building. Not cheap, but really good. Go back toward the airport entrance and a little further beyond, and there is a busy intersection with other places to eat, as well as a few places in the airport itself that are not beyond security. The hotel does charge for every little thing including the high-speed internet in your room, so watch out for the services you use. The business center only has 2 computers, and can get crowded, but a good alternative to being charged $12.95 a day for using your laptop in your room, plus being charged for printing documents. Near the front desk there is an ATM, SeaTac flight information display, and a kiosk to print your boarding passes, all easily accessed. If you need odds and ends, there is a Seven-Eleven just up the hill on 176th Street, behind the hotel. Go during daylight though, because it isn't the best neighborhood. After dark, definitely stay close to the hotel or travel in groups if on foot. If you can get a decent deal, I'd recommend this hotel, but not sure if I'd pay full rack rate for a stay. I don't usually give it a second thought for a Hilton, but at times I felt it was lacking for a hotel that carries that name. I'd say B-.