We stayed at the Radission Gateway in Seattle on Saturday January 13. We had booked through the hotel website and got a good rate without looking for AAA discounts, etc. We were flying into SeaTac on Saturday evening and needed a place to crash before heading for Victoria, BC on Sunday morning. Seattle has been having an unusual winter and when we got there it was cold with snow/ice on the ground. The hotel had not done much to clear their parking lot - just the main entrance drive (which is mostly covered) was clear. We had quite a time getting from our rental car back to the front door of the hotel, but luckily we thought to leave our suitcases inside before going to park. Our room was spacious and very clean, as was the bathroom. The bed looked comfortable and inviting. We ordered room service for dinner which, while pricey like all room service meals, was delivered quickly and the food was still warm. Our room had a king sized "Sleep Number" bed, a feature that Radisson promotes heavily. We fiddled with it a little, but didn't spend a lot of time finding "our number". The bed was comfortable, but the linens were awful. The sheets were scratchy and stiff and not at all comfortable. The pillows were flat and horrible. If the bed is going to be promoted as a feature of the room, invest in some decent sheets, fabric softener and new pillows! In the morning, I tried the shower. The water pressure was fabulous and I could have stayed under it forever. The shower head, however, appeared to have been installed by/for Oompa Loompas. I'm 5' 3" and I had to duck down to get my head under the spray. Angling the shower head upwards only resulted in water splashing on the end wall of the shower and running in a river onto the floor. We found that out the hard way when we sopped up a huge puddle just before it spread to the carpet under the door. My husband is 6 ft tall, so he enjoyed his shower even less than I did. We did not use any of the hotel facilities such as the airport shuttle, but when we came down to the lobby (very early) the driver was right there asking us if we needed a ride to the airport. We also did not visit the lobby bar or try the continental breakfast (we left before it opened at 6:00 am). Overall, the hotel was fine - it was quiet, safe and the staff we encountered were friendly. The bed and bath could use some work!