Having just returned from a week at January End , Secrets,Maroma Beach, I found myself pondering all the super reviews on here, wondering if I was at the same resort!- actually I booked this resort on the strength of said reviews. Upon arrival, I expressed an interest to upgrade to a Ocean view from the tropical ( or tree and shrub view) this process was very inefficient, it took over two hours; which after a 10 hour flight is not acceptable. The resort is clean, an awful lot of concrete with 3 storey concrete buildings that dont look very nice. The rooms are clean and tidy- not luxury compared to what one would find in say a Marriott. There are several restaurants on site, Italian, French and Mexican and the food was acceptable but all the restaurants seemed to offer similar food, the desserts were mainly the same and the main courses also ( albeit with a different sauce to accompany it- I suppose its the only way one can run an operation like this. I had a problem with the booking agent called Hotel beds- completely useless, were not aware of our pick up in the airport and despite taking the money in advance - failed to turn up for a day trip. There were a number of concerns, which I wished to speak to the manager about but was told by reception staff 'he is in a meeting' or 'not available' On my stay for example It was turned into a conference centre for a banking sales conference, unable to get a table easily for breakfast and meeting all the 'executives' with laptops made one feel that one was back at work! In a good hotel I expect the manager to be seen so that he can get important feedback which the staff cannot give. Having spent holidays before in Asia at Oberio hotels for example, I am sorry to say that secrets falls way below the standard of staff care, quality and food. When travelling for business in the USA i have found the hotels on the whole to be of a good standard and Americans in general to be quite demanding; It seems however with this establishment the sun has affected the judgement. Oh and not to mention a 'voucher system' $100s worth of credits but it hardly makes it clear that you cant use these in entirety for one service so effectively all its doing is offering a small discount on ottherwise huge prices for improved wine and spa treatments. Very nice beach though If you are from the UK and considering 10 hours to get here, look elsewhere.