I would probably have given this resort 4 stars, had this been my first all-inclusive experience. But, almost exactly a year ago we stayed at the Excellence at Playa Mujeres (also a premium adult-only all inclusive resort, but north of Cancun), so I have a bit of a comparison to go off of. Overall, a good vacation experience, but the resort was not all that I had expected based on my previous experience with the Excellence brand. Plus Secrets was about $400 more per person for a 7 night stay than the Excellence was, so I think my expectations were higher. So I probably won't be coming back to the Secrets hotels, I'll try another brand, or go back to Excellence in the future. More details below: First problem with this place: We arrived on a Wednesday. We got champagne and a cookie. In our room, we put down the half eaten cookie to transfer clothes from our bags to the closet. Approx two minutes later, we find tons of ants all over the cookie. So we immediately get the cookie out of the room, and kill as many of the ants as we can. Later that day, there were still ants crawling all over the walls, the jacuzzi, in the sink, and by the toilet. So we call to the front desk and they have someone come and spray bug spray in the areas where the ants were. Days later, ants are still crawling around, despite us never bringing any food or drinks into the room knowing about the ant problem. We tried to tough it out, feeling like we brought the ants in with the cookie (?) even though it was days later. But then, Saturday morning we wake up with 20+ bites on each of us (mostly on our legs). This was too much, so we went to the front desk. They couldn't move us that day b/c the resort was completely full, but promised to move us the next day. We asked what to do in the meantime, and they said they'd send someone up to our room to re-spray. They wouldn't just give us a bottle of Raid for us to do it ourselves. Anyway, no one ended up showing up for a few hours, so we decided to "borrow" a can of bug spray from one of the cleaning carts and did the best we could to spray around the bed so we wouldn't get bit again. They moved us on Sunday, and the second room was MUCH better, no ants to be seen (except the couple that came with us in our baggage from the old room, Ha!). We weren't offered any sort of compensation or anything for the inconvenience... Whether or not that would be expected, I don't know, but it would have been nice, a coupon for a bottle of wine or something would have been cool. They didn't really seem to care much. I bet we weren't the only ones with ant problems, as we saw a few guests walking around with the same red bites on their legs that we had. Second problem with this resort: I picked this place partly because it offered premium liquor. You definitely pay more for the resorts that offer this. The Excellence Playa Mujeres also had premium liquor. At both resorts you have to ask for them to use it in mixed drinks if that's what you want, otherwise they use the cheap stuff. The difference with the Secrets resort was that even if you asked for premium liquor, and were not standing at the bar watching them make your drink, they would use the cheap stuff anyway. I like Tanqueray and tonic, and asked for this at almost every bar, restaurant, and walk-around staff at the pool and beach. The only time they used tanqueray was when I went to the bar and watched them pour it. So this wasn't an isolated incident where a waiter or wait-staff forgot to ask for the right stuff from the bartender. I bet this was a management policy. I could definitely tell when they used the cheap gin b/c it tasted vaguely like bananas. Pretty annoying when you have to go to the bar every time to watch them make your drink, and can't get what you want when eating dinner. We'd go to the bar before dinner to get what we wanted. Not what I expected at a premium resort. The Excellence did not do this, they poured what you wanted no matter who you asked, or whether you were watching or not. Both places had the same brand of house wine. Not the best, but tolerable. We had a lot of wine at dinner b/c you at least knew what you were getting. Good things about this resort, compared with Excellence resort: *I think the food was really tasty. Wasn't lacking in flavor or variety. Steaks at the steak house were fantastic. Crepes made at breakfast buffet. Slightly better quality food overall than the Excellence. *The Secrets beach was great. Very clean and white sand, with little seaweed. The Excellence beach was always littered with seaweed that washed up and they even had a tractor that went back and forth to clean the seaweed away. Also it was easier to find chairs with shade at the Secrets beach. So Secrets had the better beach experience. *Excellence had better pools. Secrets only had two pools. The map of the place makes it look like there are more, but these are water areas that are mostly for show, with just a couple inches of water in them. And then if you're on the first floor of any of the buildings there are swim-out pools (you pay extra for the swim out rooms...we were on second floor which was fine by me). We never saw anyone in these swim-outs, not really sure why. Perhaps because they were all shaded, and there wasn't drink service as there was by the pools or beach? Excellence had a great lazy river, plus several pools winding around the resort.