I was asked by several people via e-mail to post my review. I hope this helps. It is somewhat lengthy, but honest. Rooms: We had a swim-out room in Bldg. 15. I would have preferred Bldg. 16 but 15 worked out fine. We were close to both the Pool and the restaurants. The room was clean, and room service was 2xs a day. Ive heard complaints about the room service being persistent. FYI, there is a red button near your front door that you can push which allows them to know that you do not wish your room cleaned nor wish turn-down. The shower pressure in our room, was fine and we had no complaints about the temperature in the room. Another complaint I heard from others. Pool: The pool is nice, not elaborate but sufficient. There is one lrg. pool for the whole resort. At the time of our visit, 10/5-10/9, we were told the resort was at 90% occupancy. We did experience problems getting a chair around the main pool area. People tend to place their towels and maybe a magazine and leave them for hours. We did not see the staff removing these items at any time. The service around the pool is ok. I did enjoy mid-afternoon when they walked around serving food. THE BEST IS ON SATURDAYS. Be sure you are around the pool area at 1:45-2:00. You will experience 10-20 Chefs walking around serving food along with kayaks in the pool with the workers also serving food. Beach: This is the best part of the resort. If you dont mind fish, I suggest you bring bread out with you and the angel fish will come right up to you. The beach is beautiful and well kept. Tipping: We did tip on a regular basis. As a matter of fact, I think we over-tipped, usually 20.00 US at dinner and 10.00-15.00 around the pool area. I did not notice the difference in service from those that tipped to those that did not. We tip because the pay at the resort for the workers is extremely low. Food: Nothing at the resort stood out as great. It was fair. Breakfast at World Caf was good. Portofino was ok. We did not like the Mexican, which was surprising. The Japanese, we were not able to sit around the hibachi because there was a 2 hr wait. If you are interested, make reservations ahead of time. All of the restaurants had a 45 minute wait each night. The no reservation policy stinks. Id rather make a reser- vation and know what time I will be eating. Staff: There were those that loved their jobs, and those that seemed As though they couldnt wait to be going home. Service: Overall I would say the service was good, not excellent as Ive read in other reviews. Check-in was slow. The woman checking us in was not vey friendly. Not everyone walks around with a smile. We had to wait for drinks at the bar even with throwing a $10.00 bill up at each bar. There is definitely a language barrier. I had asked in World if they had salad dressing and two workers looked at me as though I had two heads. I pointed to my salad and hand-motioned dressing. The one worker went overSWEARand put his finger in the dressing, tasted it and pointed to it for me. Needless to say I ate my salad dry. Entertain The entertainment staff work extremely hard at their jobs. They Ment: are there in the morning hosting fun games around the pool and At the shows during the evening. In all the resorts weve stayed I would have to say this resort had the best entertainment. Our Favorite show was the Rock of Ages. I hope this review helps with anyone trying to make a decision. The resort is good, but not excellent. They do have premium alcohol but do not put it out, you need to ask. The sports bar does not carry any of this alcohol, just your basic. We did have access to the preferred lounge, which I dont think is worth the extra money.