My husband and I have just returned from Mexico and unfortunately I have to give Secrets Maroma Beach an average review. I like to think that we do our research quite carefully before going on a trip, however, I feel like this hotel is a bit misrepresented on-line and in the reviews. Having paid twice as much money as what we pay to stay at our usual resort - the Barcelo Maya Palace Deluxe - we were expecting a top notch hotel. Yes, the hotel is okay and the beach is nice, but definitely not worth the extra money we paid. We actually decided to leave after one day because we didn't want to waste our hard earned holidays somewhere that left more to be desired. Here is a quick breakdown on our observations based on the time we were there. Pros -We did have two meals at the resort - one at the Mexican restaurant as well as breakfast via room service. The food was tasty and well presented. However, we felt that the Mexican restaurant was dark and had a strong air-freshener smell which took away from our appetite. Also, while the resort has several a la carte restaurants, it kind of felt like they were one giant restaurant with separate entrances. -The staff was friendly. We were walked to our room which was nice and personalized. -The beach is beautiful - but I have seen equally as beautiful beaches. Not sure if it is worthy of it's "top ten beaches in the world" credential. -The bed, although not incredibly comfortable, was more comfortable than other beds we have slept on in Mexico. Cons -The grounds did not seem well attended to. While they may have been going for more of a natural foliage look, to us it looked like over grown grass and weeds. You never saw anybody working on the grounds or the maintenance of the buildings. -It has a very concrete feeling, which I think is supposed to feel modern, but instead it just feels unfinished. -The room was livable, but the shower smelled and the shower head wasn't working properly. Also, the toilet paper smelled like baby powder and the air-conditioning rattled. I wouldn't have used the tub, the jets looked rusty. -The swim-out idea is nice, however, it's not like you have your own private pool. It's more like a communal stretch of pool that the lower suites have access to. A lot of couples were partying in the pool, which would be fine if you were wanting that type of atmosphere but it's not very private. Also, I did encounter a couple in the middle of an "intimate" moment in the pool when I went out to read my book. -The whole honeymoon/anniversary package thing doesn't feel very special when every other room has a honeymooners or happy anniversary banner on the door. Again, maybe not the hotels fault, but it shouldn't be advertised as something special... everyone gets it!! (or so it seemed). -The preferred club did give you a prime location, but I am not sure if it was worth it. -The lobby also had a strong air-freshener scent. It seemed like the hotel was trying to cover up something with the smell. -While the service was good, it seemed like the staff was indoctrinated to say the same phrases "it's my pleasure" and "welcome home" over and over again. After awhile, it seemed ingeuine. All in all, I guess we went in with high expectations and left underwhelmed. We might have been okay with this hotel, had we not dished out thousands of dollars more then we usually do expecting perfection. This experience has made me re-evaluate the way I will use trip advisor in the future. My 5 star hotel will never be the same as someone else s 5 star hotel and so I will continue to trust my gut and stay with hotel groups that I know and have proven to be great in the past. I will not rely on trip advisor alone. This hotel might be the perfect getaway for a lot of people, unfortunately it missed the mark for us. We ended up going back to the Barcelo Maya Palace and had an excellent time. I will also write a review about our experience there.