After hearing feedback from friends and doing research on trip advisor, my wife, a couple friends and I decided to take 7 days at the "most beautiful beach in the Mayan." Here's our review... Resort Grounds: Impecable! They're extremely well kept. Super clean and nicely layed out. Picturesque and perfect for couples coming for an anniversary, honeymoon or romantic getaway. The pools were nicely situated close to the beach and center to the accomodations. Walking from one end of the resort to the other was a breeze. It would have been nice to have another pool bar since the one in the main pool was always packed and it took forever to get something to drink. Beach: They weren't lying! This is the 4th beach we've been to in the Mayan and easily tops the other 3 combined. The sand is silky and white. Waves varied from none to smallish and almost body-surf-ride-able. We caught a couple sunrises and came away with some amazing shots. The seaweed would gather after a storm but the resort crew was quick to dispatch and remove it. Food: Delicious! We enjoyed the French restaurant the most and ate there a few times. The house wine is good enough so there's no sense spending more when it's already pricey enough to attend the resort. The Italian and Oceanic restaurants were also stellar and there's nothing we can really complain about food-wise. If you go, you MUST go to the coffee shop and pick up an iced mocha - absolutely fabulous and a nice chill in the heat. Rooms: Clean. Convenient. Great service. Decent views, nice jacuzzi tubs in each. Entertainment: Fairly standard. We certainly enjoyed the shows, but nothing new. We sought out alternate entertainment and found the follownig... Couple Cons: While there was so much to brag about at this resort the feeling of being herded at specific times to specific venues always took away from the sense of relaxation and freedom. Now, my wife, friends and I aren't sheep in and were in direct conflict with the abundance of rules and resort amenity times. If you want to hang out at the beach during the evening you're going to be challenged to gain any service for, well... anything. After 10pm you can only get an alcoholic beverage from the disco as any bar along the beach or at any other location on the grounds closed - very restrictive. We attempted to order some wine through room service and it never came. This example kind of shows the nature of the resort: Our friends participated in a pool game that had number assignments for all participants. At one point someone asked the entertainment crew if they could have #69. Innocent, of course :) ... the entertainment crew said yes, actually everyone can have the same number if you want (note, I don't know the full context of the game). So my friend pipes up - "Great, 69 for everyone!!" He was promptly pulled aside by the entertainment crew and told he cannot make comments like that. Public scolding? Didn't know that was also all-included. Would we go back - No. Compared to some other resorts priced at the same, we've enjoyed more. Would we recommend for couples who'll enjoy a very streamlined approach to their vacation with everything included - Certainly.