Where do I start? I honestly don't know if I would return to this hotel. I would say that overall we had a great time. But I think I compared everything about SMB to Excellence Playa Mujeres, which might not be fair. SMB lacked the attention to detail that would make it a premiere luxury hotel. I will write my review based on the way I read reviews. I never look at the excellent ratings. I like to read the very good and lower. From there, I weed out the reviews from disgruntled travelers who rate a hotel poorly because of events that have nothing to do with the hotel itself, e.g. weather or being held up in customs. I also weed out the reviews from travelers who underrate "the average guys" hotel because they can't afford to vacation with their friend at Four seasons, Bora Bora. After that, I'm down to the nitty-gritty. My first observation after clearing the airport, which was a 30 minute hassle free experience was the trip to our hotel. It was a 45 minute trip filled with the comedic team of two apple representatives. From the start, I could tell they were fishing for tips. This was fine but I was surprised that they actually asked for tips. I can say that I understand this because a lot of people don't tip at all. At our arrival, we were greeted with cold towels and champagne. My first observation: I noticed some of the towels were dingy. This was really easy to notice because the other towels were very bright and clean. After we received our room assignment, we were given a buzzer and told to hangout and see the property and it would buzz when the room was ready. The hotel is beautiful. My second observation: The resort is 8-10 degrees warmer than I would prefer. One the second night, we requested a fan which helped, in the room at least. I really didn't find any mixed drink that I liked. I think it was the pineapple juice? It was different, almost like a crystal light packet which seems strange when mixed with vodka. Same with the margaritas. The steak house was by far our fav! The rest of the food was just ok. Honestly, part of my complaint could be related to the temp of the restaurants. However, we loved having the option of grabbing lunch from the out door grill. Our room was nice, excluding the need for the fan. The regular pillows were fine to us but you do have the option of requesting other pillows. My third observation: The robes were not complimentary, fine. BUT THEY WERE REMOVED FROM OUR ROOM BEFORE OUR LAST NIGHT! I thought this was tacky and in my opinion, which excluded Secrets Maroma Beach as an luxury hotel, IMO. Also, the iron in the room was laughable. I don't think you could get an iron that cheap from walmart! The beach is EXCELLENT! We have only traveled to Mexico and the Caribbean about 5 times but this beach was by far the best. I truly felt like a kid splashing around in the waves -Room Service: Excellent -Staff: Excellent -The apple rep didn't arrive until 11:30 am the day we went to confirm our departure time. -Hated the extra hassle of a timeshare sales pitch. If I could combine the attention to detail, food and hotel of Excellence Playa Mujeres with the beach of Secrets Maroma Beach, I would never have to search for a new vacation destination in Mexico!