My husband and I spent two weeks at the Maroma Beach in early May. The first problem we had is that we were given the incorrect room. The Concierge said if we paid $200.00 per night extra they could get us an Ocean View, we refused. We had booked an Ocean View but because the hotel was 100% full we couldn't have an Ocean View. and the room had 2 separate beds. This really was not acceptable as we paid a lot for the room upgrade. I complained a lot and the next day they moved us one block up, still no Ocean View. I am still battling with Caribbean Warehouse to get my money back as the Rep onsite was ignored by them in the UK. The beach at this resort is wonderful. The pool is not. It is jam packed with noisy groups of guests, drinking all day long. They take over the pool with their cocktails and the swim-up bar and shout all day long. No-one says a thing to them. In 2 weeks I never went into the pool as there was so many people. The sun loungers on the beach are not very comfortable and are packed tightly together. You can't really have any privacy at this resort or find a quiet area. The drinks service on the beach was very hit and miss. If you tipped the staff heavily you got served, if not they just walked past you. We had a lot of problems finding a quiet space, especially in our second week, there were groups of very drunk people walking about and in the sea, some swearing continually. The food was very good. However the Asian restaurant is very over-rated. We ate there once and would not go back. No better than a local Chinese. Our favourite restaurant was the Portofino and the Seafood restaurant. The Entertainment staff were also very good and they some very good evening entertainment. The Spa is also lovely but very over-priced. The Front Desk and Bell Boy service was atrocious. Any time we needed a Bell Boy, when we had to move room and were leaving, no-one came and we had to lug our luggage around in the intense heat ourselves. Also please note there is a noisy kids resort to the left of this hotel which is very different from the pictures shown on the website as it shows nothing there. You get a lot of noise from this resort especially in the evenings when you are trying to sleep. As this is a big resort there is always something going, lots of people and staff removing around. If you are looking for a quiet getaway this is not the place for you. You need to be also aware that there is a Preferred Club. My travel agent did not make away of this. This is where all the best rooms are and you have an upgraded service. Be careful the lovely suites they show on their website are these expensive sea front rooms. The normal rooms are not like this. The down turn service in the evenings is hit and miss but it is a clean resort. For UK Travellers, you are expected to tip for everything in this resort, otherwise you get limited service. I would not return to this resort as it is very over-rated and all they are interested in is getting more money from you when you have paid a lot of money already for a hard earned holiday. There were at least 2 or 3 Weddings every day when we were there. Almost like a Sandals resort. People on honeymoon were trated much better than normal guest and got all the best rooms and treatment. All in all very disppointing. I must add we have travelled a lot through the Caribbean and this has been our worst experience on our first trip to Mexico.