As a frequent visitor to the Mayan Riviera and having stayed at some truly remarkable 5*s, I was extremely disappointed in this hotel. The initial "time-share" offer is a pain - once advised that we were already members at another resort, she got quite snarky. Whatever! Other than that, the staff are first class, the concierges, pool staff and room attendants were amazing. Room was great, good furnishings, toiletries, mini-bar, etc. Food in this resort is bland, over-salted and invariably overcooked. Steak ordered medium/rare in the french restaurant arrived like a hockey puck. Funnily enough, my husband's arrived the same way - the only difference being that he ordered a veal chop! I've never walked out of so many restaurants or sent food back in any previous vacation. Probably the best food was at the World Cafe for lunch or room service which always came fast and exactly as ordered. Drinks were watered down, even when I ordered an Absolute and cranberry, the waiter poured the generic brand. When challenged, he shrugged and moved on to the next customer. As other posters have stated, the pool concierges did a good job in clearing beds which had been "claimed", however, they did not address the mob of loud, drunk 20 somethings who took over the swimup bar one afternoon and proceeded to get so drunk, one of them had to be carried out of the pool and put in a wheelchair! The "entertainment" staff seemed to encourage them to get louder with cat-calls and their totally annoying "whoop - whoop" chorus. Really, there are 3* hotels in Cancun for these types of booze-breaks - I suggest you go there if you want that level of vacation. A 5* hotel should know better - seasoned travellers will NOT return to this. Sun loungers are also crammed together around the pools - not spaced apart as in hotel or brochure photos. Very annoying when trying to relax while people are having loud conversations less than 3 feet away. Grounds are clean but not pretty - and what's with the weeds and the huge lumps in the grass??? Beach is amazing - unfortunately, that's the only thing 5* about this place. Definitely would not recommend this hotel.