First, let me say that my husband and I are not picky travelers expecting magical amenities. We don't need a fancy place to be happy. We're world travelers that have found youth hostels and beach huts romantic. For us, a beach hotel just needs to meet some basic needs : a hot shower, good food, and a place by the pool. Unfortunately, Secrets Maroma Beach met NONE of these requirements and even failed at a many others. From the first 5 minutes when we arrived, there were problems. The concierge took one look at the hotel confirmation email that I printed out and promptly asked us to pay MORE THAN DOUBLE the rate we had been quoted by our booking agency! They said our our booking agency had made a mistake in our price, quoting us a way too low price and now we had to pay $1,500 more! We wanted to speak to a sales manager, but it was Sunday that department was apparently closed. I was crying. They said, "Don't worry about this, we'll talk to them tomorrow and get it settled." Don't worry??? After that, we had no choice but to wander around our resort for hours until our room was ready. We went to find our luggage, which had been stored in a filthy garage near the main entrance. We changed into our bathing suits in that filthy garage because there wasn't any choice. Other people at the hotel also complained about this. When we got changed, we tried to find a beach chair, but all were taken. There are 800 rooms at this place, but only about 100 chairs. Makes no sense! So we just sat by the side of the pool in a foul mood. And the vacation never got any better. Do you like roaches and silverfish? We saw 3 and 1, respectively by the pool, in our room and at the sushi restaurant. Do you like having your drinks arrive the way you ordered them? The main bar in the lobby could NEVER get our drinks right - order a cosmo, get a martini! Do you like having a jacuzzi bath at night? Our jacuzzi was unusable - brownish yellow water coming from faucet. Other guests had the same problem. Think you might need a hot shower? No! The shower NEVER got hot enough and there was very little pressure. Do you like a leisurely breakfast followed by lounging at the pool? Well, get used to wolfing down your breakfast or skipping it altogether if you want that spot by the pool. There aren't enough lounge chairs - if you're not out there by 8:30 forget it. And if you do end up getting one, you will feel like you're sitting on the ground because they sag so much. Do you like poor food? The recipes are overly complicated and poorly executed. It was like I cooked it myself and I am definitely NOT a French cook. Would you like a good night's sleep? Forget it because you can hear every guest's door slam as they leave their room or go out on their balcony. For the price this place charges, it's a rip off. As we said before, we're not picky travelers, but this place was SOOOO overrated. They just could not get the basics right, or really anything else that mattered. Yes, the beach is beautiful, but so is it at other places. RIPOFF!