Our vacation to Secrets Maroma Beach Over all the vacation was just okay. To start, we had several problems with Continental airlines. The plane was late coming into Omaha, therefore it was late Getting out of Omaha to Houston. Once we arrived in Houston, our connecting flight was delayed due to flap issues. We eventialy arrived in Cancun 7 hours later only to find our Apple Vacations representative to transport us to the resort was not there. We over paid a transport company just to get to the resort. The minute we walked into the resort, the check in desk knew exactly who we where, due to us being the last couple to check in. They thought they where doing us a big favor by upgrading us to a swim out room. We told them we did not wish to up grade, we paid for an ocean view room and that was what we wanted. They did not have an ocean view room available, so we settled for a swim out room. The pool in the swim out room was too cold to use, so there was no real up grade and now we had no ocean view. We also noticed that in order to have a true ocean view room at this resort, one had to be located on the top floor, or the trees blocked your view. The restaurants have the same names as Secrets Silver Sands, but the food was half as good. The Mexican, Italian and French restaurant where just average. The sushi was very good. Silver Sands out does Maroma 3 to 1 in flavor, presentation and wait staff. One of the drinks we requested often was Kahlua & cream. They had Kahlua sitting on the bar but only a couple of times did they serve it. They would always use an off brand. That is not customer service. The majority of the lounge chairs by the pool where way past needing replaced. You felt like you where sitting on the ground due to sagging in the middle. Daily one should receive an activities sheet for the following day. Most of the time, we would have to ask for one. The entertainment staff was outstanding. Every performance was out of this world. It is the best thing going for the resort. The spa was also top notch. I could have spent every day at the Spa. We also asked Apple Vacations for a refund on our transportation cost since they failed to transport us to the resort and all they could say was We had been ripped off and no they would not refund our cost of transportation. After using Apple several times, needless to say, well no longer use Apple Vacations. And we will ask our friends not to use them either. A motivational speaker once said, Tell everyone you know when you have an issue or outstand review about a company and the company will feel your presents. Well, this is not a good review about Apple Vacations or Secrets Maroma Beach. We suggest anyone going to Mexico to stay at Secrets Silver Sands over Secrets Maroma Beach