My husband and I stayed Oct. 14-19, 2010. We have alot of travel experience in places from rustic to luxury, are flexible and easy going. Check-in was chaotic and took longer than it should have. With our booking came discounts for the spa and a bottle of wine. We were told to come back the next day to get those. The next day we were going on a tour so I told the man at the other set of desks that we would come back after the tour to pick up the coupons. He said no, come sit at my desk and do it now. I said our ride was coming shortly and we didn't have time and could he just give them to me. He said no. We never did get the discounts. It's obvious that they want to up sell whenever possible and we understand that however we didn't want or need any up sell. We also never saw the fruit that was supposed to come with our anniversary package. You can book tours at the hotel but I chose to book ours before we left. One tour was a private one I had booked through emails with the guide. I needed to call him to reconfirm pick up time and the front desk dialed him no problem. However, when the man at the front desk found out I had booked him prior to arriving I was rudely chastised in front of other guests for not booking with someone in the hotel. This is all under the guise of being concerned with guest safety. Thank you for that but I also know they want you book through their 'preferred suppliers'. I don't have a problem with people making money, it's the attitude that I object to. We had a swim-out, great in our opinion. The pools close early and with a swim-out this isn't an issue. I've read complaints about the water temp. being cold; we found it fine. I did hear you can ask that the temp. be turned up, don't know if this is true. Our room was very nice, king size bed, no problems with hot water, housekeeping, a/c, bugs, or anything else people seemed to have problems with. I do not like the bathroom design (no real privacy, just so you know). Overall, I found the resort to be lacking in personality, for lack of a better word. Lots of concrete. Plantings are nicely maintained but no flowers to speak of. I just had a feel of no real ambiance or charm of any type from the resort overall, not good, not bad, just blah. We're not big drinkers but my husband does enjoy Margaritas which he said were ok and I like the tropical ones. The pina coladas were ok, but the other 'slush' type drinks like Purple Rain were pretty much tasteless (unless you count the drink I had that contained a large bug midway through the drink so yes, the drink was made in a dirty glass). We did notice that all drinks we had in the restaurants were better than from the bars although the Sugar Reef bar was the better one of the outside bars. We enjoyed the food in Oceana the best, and the Seaside Grill. Himitsu was the worst meal we've had in a while and just so you know, they charge for Japanese beer. I didn't understand that one...we're in an Asian restaurant, why charge for an Asian drink? It's not like we ordered French wine there. Other people apparently didn't care for the food either. While we were eating, 4 couples left before finishing their meal. We asked about dinner on one of the 'finger' type islands of concrete that jut into the pool near Oceana. Those have to be reserved and will cost you $50. It's not secluded, you're sitting a mere 20 feet or so from the first set of tables in the restaurant so again what's the point of being charged for this in a supposedly all inclusive? The beach is beautiful. Sand is like flour, clean, and a wide expanse. Plenty of room so you never feel like you're one on top of each other. We had no problems getting a chair either on the beach or by the pool. You'll hear about the abandoned mansion down the beach where alot of photo shoots from the resort are booked for weddings and just regular photos. Not sure why anyone would have wedding photos there when there are so many beautiful spots around. It's a dirty, unfinished stone building. If it were in any other place, people wouldn't go near it. When we stopped in to see what it was all about, a photographer from the resort said he was doing a private photo shoot and told us to leave. I said that we wouldn't bother them. He said to leave. They were on the second floor, we were on the first, so no interference there and this place is open to the public so how could he just decide it was a private place and demand that other people leave...don't know. Again, it was the attitude. If you're planning a wedding I would suggest later in the day is better or on the beach if that's an option. The wedding gazebo is by the pool and people actually get drinks, move the loungers around to face the gazebo and settle in to watch. During the reception your guests will be doing the cocktail hour while swimsuit clad resort guests (some of whom will be drunk and loud) will be only a few feet away commenting on your dress, the flowers, and wondering if that fat woman in the blue dress is the groom's mother (yes, I actually heard that comment, their words not mine). A vacation is what you make it so we did have a good time but we also did spend alot of time away from the resort touring and sightseeing. Overall the resort staff were friendly and efficient and we had no complaints about room comfort. Any of the things we expected to get but didn't would not be a big deal if it weren't for the fact that the resort itself supposedly prides itself on their 'unlimited luxury' and how they deliver that to their guests. This Secrets comes out only as better than average in our opinion. Check out their page on Facebook. It's amazing to read how people analyze this place to death and then feed off their own hype. Any questions, feel free to email me!