Here's the deal. This is not a top notch, high end resort... Be advised. It's a mid tier place. Step above your chain restaurant, step below the high end place in town. But it is a new facility so that is a plus. Don't waste your time with the premier club. Swim up rooms are really nice if you like the idea of waking up opening the doors and having water in front of your room. But they are cold so unless it's 95 out you wont stay in long. The rooms are nice, but the tile floor is always damp (it is tropical so this was expected). Hot tub is fun but the water from the tap has high iron content so it gets a yellow orange tint. Make sure you fill it up and run the jets then drain again before you use it. If they offer you a 4 night package because your swim up room isn't ready. Take it, or ask to see the room first to make sure you are happy. This is not a 5 or 4 Star resort. If you compare it to Vegas it would be mid tier on the strip, nicer then the Luxor but worse then Mandalay Bay. It's just average. The staff is really nice but if there is a problem (room not ready when you arrive etc) they really can't do much. You also get the feeling that they are always trying to up sell you or pull something over on you, if you want to get what you want, expect to haggle and negotiate... The customer isn't always right here... And they are stubborn. If you get a good concierge in your building, tip them and get the hooks ups flowing. Ours handed Champagne daily and comped us some good stuff for our hassles. The 200.00 in coupons are like the ones you get in Vegas at some low end hotel. You have to spend x amount of dollars to get a discount. Don't waste your time with them. The food is American. French, Italian, Japanese all has an American twist. Don't worry about getting sick. Eat the vegetables they are fine. Sushi is good too. The food service is about as good as you get your average restaurant in Vegas. I think they actually hired a Vegas service to train them. World Cafe is really good for breakfast. But nothing is gourmet. It's a step above US chain restaurant. Seek out the special daily stands for tacos, and other fun snacks. Room service serves up your typical room service food. It takes 30 min or a bit longer during peak ours. Don't expect gourmet, this is your typical room service menu. Depending on where you are in the resort it may be a bit cold. But remember they have to walk it 10 min to your room... The beach is the best part of this hotel. To the north there are other resorts, but to the south there is nothing, an abandoned mansion that was seized by the government. Get out there early for the best spots, also depending on season, the afternoon can bring clouds, wind and rain. Be sure to take out a kayak or a Hobie Cat, they are free. Sit on the rope swing bar and get drinks all day. But don't expect to be served before 10 AM. You can get all the booze you want at the World Cafe for breakfast. Mimosa and a shot a Kahlua in your coffee is a good way to start the day. All in all it's a fun resort, but if you are expecting luxury like a 4 Seasons, this isn't the place. It's a 3 out 5 on the luxury scale. If you want to do day trips then don't stay here, you will be gone all day and be paying 450.00 a night for a overpriced room and no food. The Spa kind of sucks, the hot tubs aren't hot, the Sauna is very hot the steam shower is damp and not steamy. Jets are broken in the tubs. The message was okay. Relaxation rooms are nice, again it's a mid tier spa. If you get a free message take it but don't shell out 300 for a couple message, work your concierge for a discount. Again you get what you pay for, and if you want ultimate luxory expect to pay more at another resort. But for 400 - 500 a night, you get 3 really good meals, a free mini fridge with beer, all the booze you can handle and a really fun staff that wants you to have a good time. Go the Secrets expecting to have fun. But if you expect a posh high end Dubai experience or a private bungalow in Bali... Well, you are in Mexico and you get what you pay for. Open that wallet and pay for the 5 star. Secrets isn't it, but the beach is nice and the beers are cold.