Stayed at Secrets Maroma 2 weeks in August. We have visited Mexico on two other occasions and have stayed at Excellence Riviera Cancun in 2006 and Excellence Mujeres in 2008. Excellence Majures by far is the best hotel we have stayed at in Mexico. We were very disappointed at Secrets Maroma and will detail below some of the reasons we hope will help other travellers. Staying at a 5star plus hotel you expect service to be a little above the ordinary but ordinary service is what we received apart from one or two exceptions. The bar staff in the main bar were absolutely diabolical and would be out of place in an ordinary pub!! when you visit a bar every night and order drinks and ask for fresh peanuts you would expect the staff to then automatically on your arrival to the bar to be on the ball. Then when your drink is nearly empty fill mine but not fill my husbands which was only slightly less than mine and have to ask for it to be filled - I know this sounds picky but in a 5star plus it should be automatic and not looking put out by the staff because you were asking!!!! This happened every night we visited the bar- Restaurants - The best by far was the Mexican service was impeccable and food was good. if only the rest of the restaurants were half as good as this one they would have been ok not good but ok. It appeared on every restaurant you visited they were hell bent to try to get you to buy wine and when you refused they were most upset and service declined in line with the refusal. The Steak House and oceana food was good but service could have been better - at least you could see what you were eating as the Bordeux and Portofino were very dark(not romantically so) and waiters were holding torches to see the menu!!!! I have never known turndown service at 3 - 3.30 in the afternoon!! and despite having the red light on for do not disturb people still knocked on the door to fill up the fridge etc. I would suggest the management of the hotel to visit Excellence Mujeres to see how its done! Could go on for ever moaning but feel we should end now.