This was our first all-inclusive resort experience and in general we found Secrets Maroma to be very nice. Below are the highlights and lowlights: The beach is simply outstanding - it would be tough to find a better beach anywhere. Chairs were abundant and while the hotel was sold out it really felt very quiet and mellow compared to Playa or Cancun. The pools were great as well, but there were problems with chairs after about 9. The staff, I was happy to see, did not tolerate chair saving. The rooms are fine. We had a swim out suite in Building 16 and I personally wouldn't pay the extra for the swim out again. When you have such a great beach and a nice big pool area, we just never spent any time in the small room pool. Temperature in the water was fine, just not that special for us. Beds are very comfortable, and the wifi was free which was nice for staying connected to home. The food was somewhat hit or miss. We found the breakfast to be outstanding, and the italian and sushi restaurants to be good. Not great by any means, but good food for an all inclusive. The mexican restaurant was the only one we didn't like. Room service was not very good - very convenient and somewhat fast, but food quality was not very good. Lots of people complained about portion sizes but we had no problem with the smaller portions. Drinks were fine, maybe a little weak but we aren't big drinkers so no problems there. Service in the hotel was good but inconsistent. Our concierge added absolutely no value to our experience and was never even at his desk. We never used the preferred lounge except to check in, which took an hour even though there was no line and our room was ready. We also had some excellent service, particularly with the servers around the pool and in the restaurants. The spa was great - beautiful and nice service. We just did a sports massage but it was very nice. The exercise room is our biggest complaint. Small room, three ellipticals, three treadmills (one broken) and some miscellaneous weight equipment, but it was all laid out poorly and there was clearly no thought that went into getting enough equipment for a hotel that size. We went early every morning and were glad we did. People who showed up at 7 to exercise typically had to wait 30 minutes or more for equipment to open up. If you are a lap swimmer you can definitely improvise with the bigger pool. It is curved but probably about 50 meters long, so no kick turns but you can get some laps in. Overall it is a nice resort and we would potentially go back, though wiser and smarter on how we would do things (cab from the airport instead of prearranged shuttle for half the cost, no preferred, etc.)