My husband and I just returned from the Secrets Maroma. I thought that since I had read so many of your reviews before coming, I should write my own. We used Cancun Express as our private ground transportation. I booked it online before we left and they worked out perfectly. It cost us $75 round trip, which was cheaper then I had seen on other sites. When we got to Secrets we were greeted with towels and champagne. Our check in was fine and we were upgraded to a swim out because they did not have any king beds left in the regular suites. The swim out was fine, but my husband and I both agreed that we would go for the view next time and being on the first floor was noisy. We could hear everyone coming and going through out the night. After getting to our room, we waited and waited for our luggage to arrive. We were so ready to get out of our jeans and into our suits that I finally called the front desk after 30 min to remind them to bring our luggage. After the second call our luggage finally arrived! At first glance, our room looked very elegant. I loved the big-jetted tub and the bed was the most comfortable bed we have had in Mexico (we have been to Mexico 6 times). Later, we noticed that the radio/I-pod station was broken, our lock on the door was broken, and the TV did not work right. I hate to write this, but we also had coach roaches in our room. I must say that during all of our visits to Mexico, I have never experienced live coach roaches in our room! Maybe it was because we were on the first floor, I dont know. I did let the front desk know about the insects as we were checking out and she admitted that she had heard that complaint before. The pools were very nice, but I must say the beach is where it is at! This was hands down the nicest beach we have been on while in Mexico. You can walk for miles in either direction. The waves were huge while we were there and very fun to play in. As for the food, it was pretty good. The breakfast and lunch choices were excellent. We were a little disappointed with dinner. We have been to a Secrets resort before and their food was excellent. I am not sure if the chain changed its menu or if there is just a different selection at this resort. The Mexican restaurant was our least favorite and we love Mexican food. The other restaurants were just okay. The grounds at the resort were well kept and full of vegetation. The staff was friendly and very accommodating. I titled this review mixed feelings because I truly have mixed feeling about Secrets Maroma. Due to our room situation, the insects, and the food, I am not sure if we will be visiting this hotel again. We did have a great time and this vacation was just what we needed, but we will probably be trying somewhere else in the future:(