My wife and I celebrated our 20th wedding anniversary at "Secrets" from 8/30-9/6/09. We picked this resort because of reviews on trip advisor. This is our 10th time going to Cancun but our first in Riviera Maya. We have stayed at the "Ritz Carlton, Le Merdian, Fiesta Grand Corral etc". So I believe that there were positive as well as negatives that should be shared: Positive 1) Fantastic beach !! 2) Restaurants ( 1-5) 5 being great: Portafino=5, Bordeux=2, El Patio=3, World Cafe=5, Himitsu=4 (the others could not rate since they were open once throughout trip 3) Front desk: No cold towels or glass of champange was given (yet web site indicates they do) and no tour was given of grounds instead we were given a map to find out room!!. 4) Room was gorgeous (we were given a upgrade to full oceanfront from partial 5) Turn-down was terrible. We leave at 9am and return at 430pm and still not done. Had to call front desk several times. 6) There is supposed to be a conceige in all buildings from 9a-5pm, well you would see her "Volaria" at 9am but by 1130am she is gone. 6) Spa beautiful. 7) $200 vouchers hardly got to use them because there are limitations basically a waste. 8) Exchange service: Lets just say non-existant. One morning I went to conceige to change money, the conceige went outside to ask the porters if they had singles ?? since the front desk had no more money at 9am??? 9) There is an "AVIS" rent a car desk. Do not book a car at the desk the rates are overpriced. Book a rent a car through"AVIS" web site and type in address of hotel. Pick your car and get a rate thats at least 60% cheaper!! ex: hotel offered a compact for 2 days plus insurance for $220, web site I got a mid-size with insurance for $137!!! 10) Hotel grounds: are poorly landscaped dry plants and trees nothing to behold, hotel says lack of rain, funny how the other resorts next to them have grass and lush plats and trees. 11) Swim-out pool room I belive is a waste since its not intimate or private. Anyone walking around can see right at your room again no plants or trees since everything is dead. 12) Staff: waiters and beach service is great and they do go all out Would like to thank: Ruby at "World Cafe" hope she had a beautiful wedding, Gaspar: Beach waiter great, Areoli: World Cafe great and Hector at Portafino was great. The hotel has promise but it starts at the front desk/conceirge and the buildings need attention such as wiping the elevators, power washing floors and of course the entire grounds. Would I be back?? yes but not for awhile and PS the lobby when you check in is a steam bath!!! no a/c and the road leading to the hotel looks like a dirt road in the desert.