You really need to read the reviews, good and bad, about the A/C. This is the main reason I did not rate this resort a higher rating. The coolest our room got the first 3 nights was 77 degrees. This may not seem high to some but if you take into consideration the high humidity its pretty warm. They were responsive to my complaints and maintenance did their best but according to the Manager (Raffel) the A/C systems were designed to cool down to a maximum of 75 Degrees Fahrenheit. They did move me to another room which cooled to a whopping 76 degrees, Brrrrr cold : ). Had they said this on their website I would have gone to a different resort. I spoke with several guests and most of them did say their room was on the warm side. Very few said their room was cool or cold. The thermostat does go down to 65, however it will never reach that temperature because of the motion sensors, door sensors and various other sensors. I know this because I watched the repair man re-program our thermostat. Its a shame when you get a swim out room and really cant enjoy it for fear of opening the doors and letting what little cold air there is out of your room. One night I asked the receptionist if they could do anything with the temperature of the room. Nancy told me that they could call maintenance but it was probably as good as it was going to get, she offered a solution; go to the bar and drink more beer so that I could pass out. It took 3 days of asking for extra pillows (concierge, room service front desk) and a talk with the manager before I received these. There is a pillow menu but I never saw this. I wasnt particular, I just wanted extra pillows. The rooms are very nice; the beach is one of the best I have been too. The food is good; my favorite restaurant was the Himitsu, the only place you need a reservation is this restaurant if you sit at the grill. The lunch buffet by the pool was very good as well. Dont forget to check out the lunch on the beach. The worst service and food we received was in the World Caf. The drink choices were excellent  Crown, Jack Daniels, Absolute, Bacardi, Modello, Bud Lt., Corona (in cans). We were given 4 hydrotherapy visits at the Spa the night (6pm) before our last day for our temperature inconvenience (too little, too late) however we did not use these because we had all ready made plans for our last day. My understanding is the Spa opens at 8am and closes at 7pm. I would recommend a swim out room. The pools are private for the most part. The landscape is somewhat bare, however it is a new resort and given time I am sure this will change. I dont think I would invest the money for a preferred club room. I didnt see or notice any difference in the service and the room was the same. The preferred rooms are closer to the beach and pool. Background; I have been to Mexico every year for the past 13yrs. I am in my 40s. I have stayed at the Riu Palace (both new and old x3), El Presidente, Occidental Grand, El Dorado Royal, Barcel, Copa Cabana, Royal Solaris, Grand Palladium, Viva Maya, and Secrets Excellence. Bottom Line, we returned very tired from lack of sleep due to the temperature of the rooms, I would go back to this resort if they fixed the A/C and the price was right. By the way, I am a Texan and my experience with Texans if you ask nicely they will quiet down, turn off music, etc We are southern gentlemen.