After reading so many great positive reviews we arrived to Secrets Maroma at last . First thing I noticed when we walked in to the main reception area is a distinctive strong mixed smell of chlorine & some sort of sewerage. Walked a bit further & you can see half dead flowers in a big vase on a table.. ?! Not great first impression exactly .. but never mind  we are on holidays ! After quick check in  we were shown our room by pointing to the building from the main reception , something like  You see that building over there ? thats where you need to go to . Have anyone came across this 5 star service before? Well, we did not . Even that was fine with us  thats our holiday  nothing will ruin it! The size of the room was good and generous. The design was ok. The air con  was not, keeping temp. at 25.5C. The chlorine smell again, whats with that ?! This is not what you want in your bedroom. Swimming pool : where is the perfection people praise here so much ? Swimming pool is shallow and it gets really hot during the day. There is not much shade around it to provide relaxing day near swimming pool neither. The gardens and greenery in the hotel  not their best feature, which is a shame  as it could have contributed a bit more to general experience of the staying there. There are a few bars around swimming pool , and staff were always out serving drinks & snacks. Minor complaint  when they say  we provide freshly squeezed juices they mean orange juice only. Infinity pool  very poor version of it badly designed and maintained. Food & Restaurants : Breakfast  I guess the choice of breakfast was ok & acceptable for 5 stars  but the restaurant itself  which was World Caf I personally did not enjoy  the design  dark, lot of red colours , hot inside  a bit heavy to take on first thing in the morning, not pleasant experience. Lunch  choice of food was ok & basic nothing spectacular though. Dinner  All were ok, Asian Restaurant was really good & enjoyable: both food & service. Seafood restaurant did not have king prawns on their menu, why? All menus from all restaurants seemed a bit similar  the same meat with different flavours I would say. One thing to mention  none of restaurant staff did wear anything to on their heads to stop hair fall into the food, which was a common standard in other 5 star hotels. Evening Entertainment: a lot and varied. All were fun and good for hotel entertainment, one thing to avoid!_ - the band in the lobby. Overall  for the price they charge we expected more. I would not go back. Room  was ok but with the poor air con it was bad. Hotel Facilities  swimming pool is too hot. No showers around swimming pool  you would have to go to the beach for the shower.. or not - which probably most of people did. Not enough shade on the hotel area at all  which during the day seems a burning hell . No character to the hotel theme either  white concrete everywhere. Shame! Outside Jacuzzi  seemed a bit dirty at a time. Waiter Service  average waiting time 20 to 30 mins. We did not have a turn down service for at least 3 nights out of 7 nights we stayed there. Positives: Beach was good, room size was good, evening entertainment was fun.