We spent 2 weeks at SMB early April. We did a lot of research on TA before booking, and having gone to the Excellence RC 2 years ago, our expectations were high and wondered how SMB would compare. In my opinion, the Excellence wins for quality of service throughout and for food, which are the most important things for us. That's why I only rated it a 3/5 overall. The positive for SMB is undoubtedly the beach. The weather was great, we had 14 hot, sunny days although the wind was strong throughout and we found it too strong for the beach, but nice enough by the pool. This suited us as we are more pool people than beach anyway althogh probably led to the pool area being more crowded than it would otherwise be. As others have said, the beach is beautiful and we often started the day with a long walk along the beackfront before heading into breakfast. There were a few litter problems further up and down the coast, but you get that most places and it in no way spoiled our walks. The beach directly in front of the hotel was pristine and we regularly saw them clean the beach each morning. We arrived mid afternoon having booked an ocean view room and were upgraded (without asking) to one of the preferred club ocean view rooms on the top floor but without the preferred club facilities (no m&ms or wifi etc which was fine - I go on holiday to get away from work stresses and m&ms are not going to make or break my holiday either way). View was amazing and we couldn't have asked for more. First impressions were great. The resort itself is beautiful and the gardeners were planting every day to increase the foliage in the hotel grounds. Pool The pool is a little on the small side and feels crowded when the hotel is reaching full occupancy - we were there leading up to the Easter weekend and the hotel was 95% full. It certainly showed around the pool and people struggled to get seats after 9/9.30. The water temparature was fine - great for cooling off from the sun. The one negative I do have was the other guests which unfortunately the hotel can't do anything about. As others have said, there was a real lack of consideration when it came to towels by the pool which surprised us. We would regularly walk on the beach from 6-6.15 and there were already towels in prime spots by the pool but no-one around. We would go to breakfast for 7 and be by the pool for 8-8.30. Invariably, these people turned up mid-late afternoon or in some cases, after lunch. We actually wondered whether people put towels down on their way back to their rooms the previous night. Same story with umbrellas and pool floats. A few times we saw people take umbrellas from people whilst they had gone for lunch (and I'm talking 30-45 minutes, not 3 hour lunches) and people coming back to find their umbrella gone. Pool floats - the hotel policy is clear that these are to share by whoever wants to use them and its not a "first come first served for the rest of the day". Every day we saw people collect 3/4 floats and store them by their beds when they weren't using them and others put them under their towels to make their pool chair more comfortable. I accept that the pool chairs were not the most comfortable particularly when lying on your front, but we personally found it rude and lacking a bit of respect for the other guests. Of course, it isn't fair to generalise as it is only a small minority but even so, disappointing. The pool boys were reluctant to do anything about it...I guess they feared they wouldn't get their tips if they confronted anyone which was a shame. It did kind of make you worried about going in for lunch in case someone had taken your chair or umbrella when you came out. Food We found the food ok but not great. It kind of got a bit monotonous after a few days - bearing in mind we were there for 2 weeks. We enjoyed Bordeaux (french), Mexican (El Patio) and Oceana restaurants but also had food poisoning issues in Oceana one night. We didn't enjoy the Italian - the two pasta dishes we had weren't cooked properly - both the pasta itself and the filling in the ravioli and we had to send them back. We also found the service to be quite abrupt and unhelpful here. The menus are very fussy in both the Mexican and French restaurants and the descriptions don't really give you a clear idea of what you're going to get, but we actually found most of the food quite nice once it arrived. The flavours were very subtle and not overpowering. We also liked the seaside grill for lunch - Freddy in particular was great, always friendly and joking. We decided that we would tip for good service and not for bad...we tipped the maid and minibar boy each day and both did a good job throughout the 2 weeks. We actually found that those who consistently gave good service did not expect a tip and were grateful and thankful when it was given, and those who gave poor service expected a tip and were disappointed when they didnt get one so we made an effort to sit in the areas with the staff who gave good service. I echo the comments others have made about the desserts in all the restaurants - these were poor and many gave the impression that they weren't prepared on the premises and were taken from packets. Again, disappointing as I'm a big dessert person and part of the enjoyment on holiday is to eat what you like and not worry about it until you get home. I actually got home and hadn't put on a pound, which in 2 weeks is practically unheard of, but testimony to the lack of quality of the desserts. Invariably we would ask for a plate of fruit to finish the meal, or ordered one from room service. One thing I would say, is that during our stay, the hotel guests were probably 98% US and Canadian and the hotel is definitely tailored to their tastes rather than to Europeans. We personally found the pool area and swim up bar noisy - especially as a result of the various activities and music - pool volleyball, waterpolo, aerobics etc throughout the day - when we just wanted to sit, relax, read a book etc. There was definitely more of a party atmosphere and a younger vibe (lots of people in their early-mid 20s) rather than the chilled, relaxed vibe that we had been expecting and the noise gradually increased throughout the day, the more cocktails people drank...I think us Brits are generally more reserved and quieter than across the pond, and that was noticeable throughout our stay. We spoke to a few other couples while we were there and it was definitely the norm for the guys from the US whereas people from the UK found it a bit too much some days so we would try to find a quiet spot by the pool. From the other recent reviews by Brits compared to our US counterparts, there appears to be a clear difference in expectations, whether food, service or whatever. My advice to people from the UK who are looking for somewhere chilled to relax and switch off...this probably isn't the place for you. Maybe try smaller resorts like the Zoetry or Royal Hideaway which are more exclusive and service oriented.