I have been to Cancun/Mayan Riviera at least 10 times and have stayed everywhere from budget accomodations to high end luxury resorts. I've only had one other bad trip and unfortunately this one was not a good one. I visited from 04MAR09 - 10MAR09. The positives are the rooms and the service. The resort is imamculate...the bedding and bathrooms are quite nice. The food is pretty good. Negatives are the cold pools--one is supposedly heated but is not--and the lack of comfortable seating in the rooms. The couch in the room consists of a very attractive low cement bench type structure, with indoor/outdoor fabric covered mattress on it. It sits very low to the ground and is not meant for comfort. Please save your money on the swimout rooms except during the heart of summer. They are not heated and are ice cold. We have not seen a single person in any of them. Total waste. The main pool is crowded and there is an issue with lack of chairs. I have heard many comments about lack of seating. There were several large groups and when they cleared out closer to the end of our stay, the pool was less crowded. Maybe this all depends on occupany levels. There is a decorative water feature than runs the length of the resort. It takes up valuable usable pool space. They should have made the pool much larger. It was cooler than normal the time we were there--and rather breezy---and of course this is not the hotels fault. But because it was cool at night the water was cold. The pool was not heated until the 4th day we were there--we were not able to get in it until then. On the 4th day the jacuzzis got wamer as well (they were cool the first few days). I have read some awesome reviews of the property, so feel that perhaps my situations are isolated. But this is the truth of what we went through. Other fun things: air conditioning went out for several hours in our room and Preferred Club; there were company functions poolside--we were near pool--that went on until late night and were quite loud; our key cards were deactived 2 times during the trip--causing me to walk to the reception to get it activated. This was not close; a clerical issue posted all room night charges to my account 2 times..it required an act of God to get them corrected; and a promised 830am luggage pickup and request for golfcart pickup--something the Preferred Club set up for us (my partner is recouperating from chemo/cancer)...the pickup did not happen....we had a 9am transfer pickup and when bellboy did not arrive at 840am, several calls were made to front desk and concierge and at five minutes until 9 a luggage cart arrived. We walked to the lobby (him with a cane--it is a long way). Also, to top it off, both of us arrived back home with "stomach" issues (fever, sweats, aches, stomach distress). This was not a pleasant getaway..and I assure you I am not "hard to please". I've only had one other bad experience in Cancun/Riviera Maya.