The hotel has a nice opulent setting with a terrific beach and service to match. Food was great and drinks were never in shortage of. We are not hard people to please. Now the drawbacks. Rooms are very very noisy. A cement slab building with no insulation causes all noises to reverberate throughout is not an understatement. You will hear high heels clicking away next door at 1:00 in the morning garanteed. You have an opportunity to get intimate with your neighbors in conversation too. You'll pop out of bed if anything drops in any room near you above or below. Bathroom needs a frosted privacy glass between the bedroom as well. A drape does not cut it. The patio pool looks nice but no privacy. Room service sucks as the food is cold by the time it gets there, if it gets there. I'm lucky I had a hold of my wife's arm going to the French restaurant one eve as it was raining, she was skating, slipping and dangerously sliding around the caution cones that were put out. Now really, there's a lawsuit in the making there, put out a carpet for the evening folks when that marble floor is wet. One afternoon at 5:00 after retrieving a couple of drinks to take up to the rooms from the concierge lounge, I, as another gent witnessed a truck driving along the roadway slowly outside the entertainment room, the gent said boy, that truck has valve problems, the whole area was engulfed in smoke or fog. As I went outside the whole area was engulfed in a pesticide to kill mosquito's. Was I pi$$ed!!! Why were we not appraised of this activity???????????There in lies another lawsuit in the makings. I had to ditch my drinks that were obviously contaminated and warn other folks that were about to enter that area of the hotel about this insane activity. I've since taken this up with my travel agent that used American Express as my travel agent and have not heard back from them in my complaint. Now, I understand they are tearing up there rooms due to plumbing issues, it does not surprise me. Put some insulating barriers too boot if you want to improve these rooms filled with noise. Once these bugs are taken care off, I'm sure this place will live up to its billing.