Differences of opinion notwithstanding, this resort does not deserve a top rating for anything except for the wonderful beach. Where were the problems? Just about everywhere, except the people. Annoyingly waiting for the American Express van to arrive and then fill up before we could leave the airport. After 20 minutes, I got out of the van and complained. They told me just a couple more minutes. By this time there were 3 couples in the van. After another 10 minutes I complained again and insisted on speaking to a supervisor. Finally, they relented and we departed for Secrets. Checked-in and we were taken to our OCEAN VIEW room in building 15, third floor. The room was lovely and well furnished but we had no ocean view. In fact our view consisted of overgrown vegetation, looking directly at the back of a huge building that housed two restaurants and their trash containers, and the huge sun lit wall of building 16. We had paid for ocean view and refused to accept that room. After much diplomacy, they "upgraded" us to an ocean view room in building 16, third floor. This was a "club preferred" room so they felt they did us a favor. And what was unique or better about this room? The OCEAN VIEW was better!!! What was "unique"? A tiny bathtub on the balcony which offered no privacy and only had a cold water supply!! How romantic is that? Then there was the cheapest mini bar I have ever seen in an "all-inclusive" resort. Secrets definition of a "fully stocked" mini bar included the same cheap soft drinks, waters, and 4 mini bottles of Corona beer as the other room; but wait, how unfair of me, I missed the liquor on top of the bar, all three SHOT bottles of liquor: vodka, rum and scotch that you can buy anywhere for a buck! As for munchies, they offered a grand selection of the "club preferred" exclusive of one bag of chocolate m&m's and a small can of potato chips. This, my friends, is the ultimate definition of cheap; it's insulting and it's money grabbing at its best. I put the three little bottles of liquor in a drawer and opened the m&m's and the potato chips to see what Secrets would do. The next day, the bottles of water we consumed were replaced but no additional little bottles of liquor and the open m&m's and chips were left were I put them the previous night. Placed a call to Monica Olivas, manager, club preferred. She explained that although she accommodated us by switching us to a "better" room, the "club preferred amenities" would not be available. "You already have a room upgrade" she said. I was so incensed over this cheap move that I could hardly contain my anger when I said you think that 3 little bottles of liquor, m&m's and chips is that valuable to me? It's insulting!! You'd be better off to ommit this so that you didn't look so cheap". More apologies. The next day, she leaves a telephone message that she had approved two complimentary massages for me and my wife. I should drop by the club preferred office to pick the certificates up. She kept calling and finally I agreed to pick them up. She was not there and I requested that they deliver the certificates to our room. That day, another concierge showed up at my room with the certificates; an original and a duplicate that I had to sign. I was not happy that the certificate included a rather detailed legal disclaimer but I accepted. I thought that was the least they could do for all the inconveniences. After some further thought I decided that would not use the certificates because, once again, they were insulting by including the disclaimer. We were not planning to get into a legal contest, especially with a mexican business; we prefer to reward poor customer/guest care at resorts by "voting" with our feet. Restaurants: The food was average at best. Breakfast buffet at World Cafe was like anyother but the service was poor. It seemed that I always had to summon the hostess to get a waiter to bring us coffee. Seaside Grill, was awful: bad food, long wait, no service, flies everywhere. Had breakfast there once. None of the specialty restaurants were that special. The house wine selection (that means the "all inclusive" choices) was terrible and anything worth drinking otherwise cost extra. They certainly pushed their wine list which was well represented from all corners of the globe. We paid a premium for american wines that took the sting from the inferior fare. Portofino, the italian restaurant was terrible and the service was lacking. If you didn't order everything at once they would not leave you alone. Their red pasta sauce was so sweet I thought I was having desert. Bordeaux, the french restaurant was better but not much better. The first night the food and service were terrible; on the second visit, we were served by Edgar. One of the best waiters we have ever met. Top professional, respectful, friendly, and attentive. What a pleasure to be in his company. This was the only night when we did not pour our own wine. Pool BBQ: people seemed to enjoy it. Certainly was well attended by pool guests but were well outnumbered by flies. They were all over the food. No pool attendants to take food orders. It was clear that they wanted you inside some restaurant or you got it yourself. I really didn't totally mind getting my own food or drink. It's the idea that some of those folks don't want to work too hard. The women servers were outstanding. Room service: Secrets does not tell you anything about its poor-excuse for room service. No alcohol allowed and the food is nothing more than a "fast food" event. Club sandwiches with french fries, hamburgers, etc., etc. You get the idea. So, between the cold water tub on the balcony, no alcohol and the fast food it was impossible to have a nice, romantic dinner in your room. And Secrets has trademarked "Unlimited-Luxury"? Was I in the wrong resort? The lobby bar: After the pool, my wife and I sat by the bar. We chose the comfortable chairs by the end of the bar. A waitress approached and asked if we were there for the afternoon tea. I said no, we wanted a drink. She told us to move because that area was reserved for tea. I requested our drinks and did not move. Another night, after dinner, I asked for Porto wine. The waitress brought me a glass of very cold and very cloudy Porto wine. First, Porto wine is not to be refrigerated or consumed cold. I asked her to get me a room temp. Porto. After a while, I saw all the comotion between the bartender and the waitress and I thought that had something to do with my Porto wine. I approached the bar and tried to explain to the bartender that I wanted a room temp. Porto. He showed me the only bottle he had and I noticed that it was virtually empty. Basically, he had given me a glass of wine sediment. The waitress comes over and says that they need to go get a bottle but now she shows me a price list and points to Porto at $24 a glass. I couldn't understand. I said to her, you just brought me a glass of something was that Porto. She said no, that was Port. If you want Porto it's $24 a glass. My wife and I walked out. I chatted with many people and one of them was a manager of some sort. I asked him what they are going to do about the extreme vegetation in front of the buildings. I suggested they reduce the palm trees so that people could have an ocean view. He said that they know they have a problem with too many palm trees and lack of ocean view. But, he said, they will redefine the rooms so that people (like me, I suppose) will not insist on ocean view rooms unless we are willing to pay more for "club preferred" rooms. Nice move. All about the guest. I have no doubts that lots of guests enjoyed their stay but some would have the same complaints about what one gets for the money. I don't presume that this review will change people's mind about Secrets one way or the other. However, this is intended to raise awareness among those couples looking to get away that resorts only show you or write about generalities that they know you care about. As they say "the devil is in the details". Read carefully, call them, and ask questions. Don't rely on beautiful brochures or web sites. You'll be disappointed. Please take a look at the pictures that reflected our OCEAN VIEW room, the "well stocked" mini-bar and you decide. As I said before, I "vote" with my feet. Secrets resorts are not places that I will return to. Adios