Bottom Line for this review - Given the star level of the resort I was dissapointed overall. I have stayed at a nearby resort - El Dorado Royale and for less money I enjoyed it more. The good part about Secrets is it's a brand new property - the rooms really are gorgeous - one of the perks (for siesta time) is each room comes with awesome cable access (not always the case in a tropical place) as well as a DVD player (tip - bring some DVD's if you are going) The beach/pool area is also very beautiful - we stayed Dec 26-Jan 2 and the resort was I would say at around 25% occupancy - as such it was always easy to get a great place at the pool and the pool staff is super accomodating and will help you with umbrellas etc. if you ask. David the pool waiter even brought my mom her own bucket of ice full of corona's for the day and kept replenishing b/c she likes her beer extra cold - the staff is definitley top notch - bring some small bills for tips, they really do go a long way. The one complaint I have (and for me it's a deal breaker) is the food. I understand that resort food isn't what you are used to at home - and typically in the past have enjoyed all inclusive fare in Mexico - but for the price of this resort/star level and based on my personal experience here I didn't feel that the food measured up. The biggest issue I had is that I got food poisining my first day there - kind of put a damper on my experience as I spent one entire day of a vacation in my hotel room being violently ill only to have to eventually have a doctor come and give ma shot to stop the vomitting - I am not sure exactly what it was that I ate but think it may have been ceviche at lunch the day prior or grilled shrimp at dinner. After that point it was hard for me to enjoy the food but even if I hadn't of gotten sick I still would have said that the food was not great. One of the issues I think is that there were so few people so there was not a lot of turnover for the food (freshness) and another that I think has to do with the fact that the resort is so new and people are still getting used to things is that the food was not consistent - for example one night my husband had the creamed spinach as a side with his dinner at Oceana restaurant - he loved it and then when we went back later in the week he had it again and it was completley different. This is forgivable but just something to keep in mind if you are a picky eater. The breakfast was also not what I am used to at an all inclusive from a quality perspective - the home made pastries were good though. For lunch the best bet I found was the salad bar - it was one of the best I've seen at an all inclusive (at Seaside grill) - there was normally a BBQ poolside as well as the buffet (which we went to see once but didn't have - it was dead and they didn't really have anything good - had stirfrys etc but all the meat was out which grosses me out and I was a bit paranoid about their food safety after being sick). For dinner we tried every place except for French and Buffet - the asian restaurant stunk - I don't know what people are talking about on here when they say that it's good but to me it was like bad food court chinese food (and I love asian!) I did like the Italian place (lamb was great). If it's busy when you go they have a cool system where they give you a beeper and you can go have a drink until your table is ready (we didn't need this system b/c was dead everywhere but nice to know it's in place, I've been places before where every morning you have to call at 8am to fight for a dinner reso...doesn't really seem like a vaca when you have to do that :)) Outside of the food everything was great. The staff, drinks, venue, decor is all fabulous - I think it just depends on what you prioritize as important. I also wouldn't say I am a very picky eater - but I definitley do appreicate good quality food. The only other complaint I had is that every day this tractor would go around the outer track of the resort spraying pesticide - I know that this is to control the bug problem they had (had read it on here prior to going and also the concierge confirmed) but it really stunk and grossed me out and also who knows how safe this is to inhale? The best part of the pool in my opinion is the pool closest to the ocean - it has a great breeze, the water is a bit cooler (was very hot out the week we were there) and if you float around on one of the blue mats they give out you feel like you are in paradise. The middle pool (by swim up bar) is heated but honestly I feel like people just stay in there all day and pee the whole time so I preferred the less crowded pool - it was a bit cold at first but really refreshing! We were there for a week to max out from work and decompress out at the so we didn't make it to any of the shows so I can't comment on those but the activities staff seemed really super during the day (pool bingo, water aerobics etc) - I wasn't interested personally but they always came around and let us know what was going on (but didn't hound which was nice).