Okay guys, this is my review of Secrets Maroma. Duration of Stay: 9/6/08 to 9/11/08 Arrival and check in: 5/5 This was no problem at all, I booked my vacation package through cheapcarribean.com and selected the ground transport from there, went very smoothly even though we missed our connecting flight due to a change in air route caused my Hurricane Ike. The front road to the resort really is NOT THAT BAD. I was expecting something much worse from what people are describing it. Yeh the road's not paved but most of the country is like that, if you expected a road like in suburban US then yeah you'll be disappointed. Got the cold towel and champaign upon arrival and got upgraded from regular swim out to preferred swim out although I have to say there's not much difference unless you can get the front two buildings which are ocean front. Those look REAL NICE but it's not finished yet when we're there. The girl that checked us in "Catalina" was very friendly and helpful. Rooms and the Resort: 4/5 The resort and rooms are very nice in my opinion although my girlfriend thought it was a little plain. But I see it as they're going for a calm and tranquil atmosphere. Swim out is a nice "concept" but we had to downgrade to Oceanview because of the mosquito problem. Due to the fact that the water is right by your door, you will get a swarm of mosquitoes right outside your deck. No joke, i can easily count about 30 of them flying at the two corners of the ceiling. Not pleasant. You also don't get much of a view from the first floor though the Oceanview really is just a partial view anyway, not TRUE ocean view (80% of your view is water). Food: 3.5/5 Now I have to admit I'm being critical about the food since I'm from Manhattan, lived here for 8 years and got used to the great food we have here. I'm comparing the food here to some of the better (not best) restaurants here in the city since so many people have been claiming they have "friends on the trip from New York" or "live 20 minutes away from New York" that thought the food was just as good but I'm sorry it's not. If NY is a 5 then Secrets gets a 3.5 on average from me. Here's how I would rank the specialty restaurants from best to worst: El Patio (Spanish), Bordeaux (French), Oceanana (seafood), , Portofino (Italian). El Patio was very nice, not much to complain about. Bordeaux is the same, not amazing but decent food and atmosphere, try the Duck, I thought it was very flavorful. Oceana has a nice atmosphere when there are no mosquitoes and flies buzzing around your food. No lobster either but from what I hear lobster's not that good in Mexico anyway so no big deal. Steak's a little salty but it could be a Latin America thing. I will recommend the Surf and Turf if you eat there. Now the worst, Portofino. Nothing we got here was satisfactory. I read somewhere that someone thought the lobster agnolotti was delicious!? That's probably the worst dish I had there! Difference of opinion I guess. Same with the Sushi night at world cafe that sampled the upcoming Himitsu. I lived in Asia for 12 years and the sushi was mediocre at best. Not authentic at all and no chopsticks. How can you serve Asian food without chopsticks? A good piece of Sushi is suppose to maintain its form as you pick it up with chopsticks, dip it in the sauce and have a bite. If it falls apart then it was not made well. Again, I'm being critical, If your world of Chinese food consist of only "chicken broccoli", "general tso's chicken", and you love that orange duck sauce from Chinese takeout, then you'll be happy with the food here. Another thing, it takes quite a while for each course to be served and I have a feeling the management told them to wait 5-8 minutes between courses. This is fine if they prepare the food accordingly, but many times the food was prepared too early and by the time I got the course it was already cold. Bar: 4/5 Nothing bad except they hide the better liquor under the bar so you won't know it's there unless you ask. This is a bit of a turnoff as the way i see it, if you're gonna offer it don't hide it and if you're worried about losing a few bucks from your bottom line then don't offer it. Service: 5/5 (except housekeeping and concierge) Every waiter and bartender here did a great job and cater to whatever you wanted. I've never had to sit outside the lobby for more than 2 minutes before the waitress comes by to ask if I wanted something. The housekeeping really only do the bare minimum. They replenish your towels, shampoo, minibar etc., take away empty bottles and make your bed. Most of the 4-5 star hotels I stay at tidy up the room and fold up any clothes laying around for you. One of the nights they missed my room completely. I was leaving $2-$4 tip which i think is sufficient for housekeeping. Concierge really don't have much information besides pointing you in the right direction within the resort. If you want advice on local activities to do around the resort, most of them have no clue. Tours/Hospitality desk: Probably my least favorite section of the resort. The travel agent we dealt with "Joel" not sure the spelling, got dollar signs in his eyes. We booked a couple tours on the internet before we got there just so we have things planned in advance. By the time we met with him (our 3rd day there), he was giving us an attitude and asking us things like "Why didn't you check in with me before? Who did you book your tours with?" What a turnoff, I hate people like that. If I give him a 20 he'll probably be the nicest person in the world. No sincerity. Anyway, i will recommend the mayan adventure snorkeling tour and turn you away for Xel-Ha because there aren't many fishes there, and it's not that interesting, very commercialized. Conclusion: All in all, it depends on what your expectations are. For less than $400 a night including food and beverage it's not a bad deal. But if you want to compare it to some of the top notch resorts/hotels then it's not in the same league. My criticisms merely serve as a reference. I'm neutral on this resort, not recommending it but not bashing it either. Your vacation is what you make of it. Cheers.