Since we read so many reviews before we left we wanted to return the favor to those who have not ventured to SMB yet...here is our honest review. This is long only I thought I owed it to those who are still eagerly awaiting their trips! Check In 1/10 Check in was by far the worst part of our trip. After waking up at 3:00 A.M. to drive to the airport that morning...by the time we arrived at 4:00 P.M. to the resort we were ready to be pampered and relax. The drive out to the resort is, as many have reported, totally freaking scary...the road is a one-lane dirt road with potholes and huge construction trucks driving fast straight at you...I didn't know whether to close my eyes or scream. Once you survive the near head on collisions with trucks you realize you are completely alone on a road surrounded by mangrove jungle and someone could jump out in front of your car and rob you blind at any second...the only thing I can say in Secret MB's favor is that almost every other resort in Riviera Maya seems to have similar driveway conditions since the resorts are built far away from the main road and you have to go through the jungle to get to them...we survived. The front of the resort is unimpressive and looks like a compound...who cares really though since we spent no time out front...we walked in and sat at the check in desk with a rather unfriendly man who shall remain nameless to protect his identity...he seemed annoyed when a waitress interrupted the check in process to bring us some bubbly...no cool towels were ever dispensed in our direction. We presented our reservation (for ocean view room), preferred card and a note from our travel agent which requested the "Berman Travel Upgrade" we were handed a key for a room on the third floor in building 14. I inquired about the tub on the balcony to which I was brutally rebuffed and told to buzz off basically. I then presented a print out of the original SMB website which clearly states EVERY ROOM (not just preferred) have tubs, again I was rebuffed. We decided to slink off with our room and just deal with it. The Room Building 16 6/10 Our room was exactly as it appeared online. Fresh and new and really cute. The only issue was our view was awful. It overlooked the sparsely planted grounds and the activity hut which was blasting the Sunday football game...we were annoyed. I went immediately back to our not so pleasant friend at check in and politely inquired about a room change. He checked the computer for what seemed like 20 minutes...finally he found a room for us in building 25 for the following day and expounded on the fabulous "three tier" upgrade we were getting to this second floor preferred suite. He promised the room would be ready the following day at 4:00 P.M. and our bags would be automatically transferred and our key would automatically work in the new room. I was skeptical only I believed him. Dinner 9/10 Dinner at SMB is as many have commented, fabulous. The food is great and we enjoyed our first meal. We both had the fillet and loved it. The crepes were also great. Our favorite restaurant was Bordeaux and our favorite waiter was Edgar (shout out to Edgar) he could be a waiter at any top restaurant in any major city. He generously pours the (rather good) house Merlot/Cabernet Sauvignon blend and takes genuine interest in his guests. The Italian restaurant is good, not as good as Bordeaux and the Buffet at night is a joke. Himitsu was not open which was annoying. The Mexican restaurant was...odd. That is really all we can say about that...grasshopper dressing just not our thing...I must say we are adventurous only...we never went to Oceana or Seaside because we were already eaten alive by mosquitos on our walk to the restaurant so I could not even imagine sitting in the bug infested air for longer than we had to. It seemed the mosquitos were especially terrible during our stay due to Hurricane Ike so most others might not have to deal with the bugs. The Room Building 25 9/10 On day two we went to building 26 as advised and surprise our key did not work. After inquiring with the building "concierge" we were told to come back in 1/2 an hour...we did...room still not ready. Then we were told to come back an hour later...still not ready. At this point I dragged myself to the check in desk and demanded they take pity on us. We were exhausted and in need of showers and had been told to leave our original room that morning at 11:00 A.M. so we had been homeless for a good portion of the day (I know I know poor us right) so another Edgar (shout out to Edgar #2) and his coworker Carolina (shout out to Carolina) did take pity on us and offered us a room on the third floor in building 25. Success! Our new room was fantastic. Great view of the pool and ocean. The only caviat is that truthfully there is not much difference between "Preferred Suites" and "Regular Suites" yet. Same amenities, same room and same everything. The only difference is the improved view. One day a maid did leave a half open bottle of Bulgari lotion on our bathroom sink so I am assuming maybe the Preferred Suites eventually will have those ameneties?! We also had the Preferred Lounge in our building which looks done only not open so I don't really understand that... Breakfast 10/10 We did the buffet for breakfast each day...why switch up a good thing? It was perfect. Omelets made to order, breakfast meats, potatoes, Mexican dishes, oatmilk (funny translation), cold cereals of your choice, bagels, freshly baked breakfast pastries (including my personal friend the chocolate croissant), fresh squeezed juices of every color and more. I did order room service one day...fine you caught me it was the morning after the Raiders debacle...it was great. Breakfast came hot and perfect. The only funny thing was I asked for the "oatmilk" with milk on the side. I got dry oatmeal with a pitcher of milk. Not their fault though they didn't understand my crazy request. They bring coffee to your table at the buffet and you can request tea or mimosas or anything else you can dream up for your beverage of choice. Lunch 5/10 Lunch is pretty blah. We ate each day at Seaside. The burgers are pretty awesome and the nachos are good too. The chicken at SMB is just wrong. It is the pre-cooked boneless/skinless patties that are sort of rubbery. They are used in ALL the restaurants not just Seaside...I must admit I did like the Chicken Parmesan at the Italian restaurant only it was the same weird pre-cooked rubbery variety. The ceviche is fishy and plain. Overall lunch was disappointing considering how great the dinners are at SMB. Oh and don't bother with the buffet. It looks like leftovers from the night before. The only good part is the grill where you can do any "you call it" meat/fish/sausage and that looked decent. We should have just stayed put under out palapa and had burgers brought to us like the lazy sloths we were. Beach 7/10 We live in CA and I spent a good portion of my college years ocean front in a sorority house on Mission Beach in San Diego so we are probably beach snobs...the thing is that Maroma Beach is pretty...only truthfully it does not seem like one of the "most beautiful beaches in the world" in our opinion. The water is an amazing blue/green color and the sand is white. There is a good swimming area roped off. Our view is probably somewhat skewed since we visited during Hurricane Ike and the beach was a little stirred up and rough...I got up early each day and got our beach chairs staked out with towels. There was never not enough palapa chairs and there were always extra chairs. Only...not sure if I already mentioned this the resort seemed totally empty the whole time we were there...maybye 100 guests... Pool 7/10 The pools at SMB are really cool and lively. We really didn't spend much time there...how can I explain...hmmm...here goes. The crowd at SMB is divided into two groups...the "pool crowd" and the "beach crowd." The beach crowd quietly sits with books, sleeps, swims, chats, goes for walks and overall is just looking for a quiet relaxing trip. The pool crowd puts on crazy frog caps and plays rowdy games. The pool is quite noisy and was sort of a "spring break" for the older set. We didn't quite get it since the marketing for SMB seems a little different than this only there was probably 1/2 the guests that seemed ready to pound some shots and whoop it up each day. It didn't really bother us and it was fun to see people enjoying themselves. We just needed to decompress from a year of crazy career madness so the beach was more our pace. To each his own. The good thing was the pool crowd seemed to disappear by late afternoon at which time we could go grab a float and relax at the pool. Pools close at 6:00 P.M. which seems early to us... SMB Entertainment Staff ?/10 We didn't really understand these guys. They cruise around the pool and get the guests fired up for rowdy activities like pool volley ball and bingo. Again I guess the resort just seems to be marketed in a different way than this...only as I said before about 1/2 the guests seemed to absolutely love and adore the SMB Entertainment crew. They were really chipper and friendly only as other posters have noted...they straight up ignore some people and then fawn all over others. Mabye I am just bitter because we fall into the first group or I never gave them a chance since we retreated each day to the beach. Either way they were a little out of place. Also on rainy days they bounced around the lobby eagerly getting their chosen guests to slam back shots by pounding on the bar, "SHOT SHOT SHOT SHOT." This would have been cool 10 years ago only it was sort of annoying during our romantic retreat...only we just sort of laughed it off. Bellman 10/10 These guys are so friendly and go out of their way for their guests. They make sure cabs won't rip you off and they are funny and adorable. Concierge 2/10 One thing I learned at SMB is that "concierge" has a different meaning here. The concierge at SMB really don't do much for you. They will point you in the direction of the rental car desk if you want a rental car, a tour guide desk if you want a tour or the computer room if you need anything else. Basically you have to talk to the source to plan activities or adventures. I am used to concierges in the US who pretty much give you the "here is what I recommend" and basically book something for you rather than sending you on a wild goose chase...just my opinion. The building concierges only seemed interested in honeymooners or people celebrating something. These people got banners on their door, flower arrangements, fruit, bubble baths and more. They seemed sort of annoyed by us regular folk. Tricks of the Trade -Leave thermostat under 70 degrees if mosquitos are present and turn on fan...they will leave you alone. -Invest in mosquito repellant/sunscreen...call your local Avon lady stat and order some Skin So Soft...my skin is still angry at me for not obeying this order. -If you like certain beverages leave a polite note and some cash on top of the mini bar each day...ours were always a version of, "Buenos Dias. Mucho agua y Coke Light por favor. Gracias!" We got exactly that. -Our favorite beach snack. Order the nachos with just cheese. Then ask for a small bowl of guacamole and the salsa fresca. Salty and refreshing. Not on the menu so you have to ask. Beach servers are so amazing and great. -Top shelf liquor is under the bar and never displayed. For me this meant inquiring about my Grey Goose and I was so pleased to learn it was there...just hidden. -Movies are on an online list with your concierge. Your room has a DVD player. -The tub in your room does have hot water. The hot knob is cold and cold is hot. I have no idea why. The cold comes out lukewarm and the hot comes out cold and changes to hot after about five minutes...don't freak out if you don't have hot water right away. The water in our room was clean and clear! Also remember to bring your own bath salts or bubble bath...the resort does not provide and the store does not sell... -Ocean front preferred suites...not open yet only when they are TOTALLY WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY. These are the ONLY suites with real "full" ocean views. The other preferred suites and regular suites are all on an angle so none of those rooms have "full" views and you have to walk over to your window to see the ocean. Also...the Ocean Front Preferred Suite Swim Outs are NOT the same as the other buildings...the pool does not come right up to your steps like the other ones and you sort of share a "mock" cement beach with the other suites...I would avoid these if you cherish your privacy. -The nightclub is completely underused. No one goes. If you like nightlife go to nearby Playa del Carmen ($20 cab ride each way) or find friends to share a cab with. -Himitsu, the cigar lounge and spa are all closed. Not open yet. Things We Loved that No One Else Seemed To...Only You Might... -Monday Night Football by the pool. The staff goes above and beyond for MNF. There is a spread of beverages and fun football snacks. We were the ONLY ones there for most of the night so we were swimming in jalapeno poppers and Corona for him and Merlot for me. The Raiders were playing so I was extra excited. The only thing we can think is the "pool crowd" was sleeping it off and missing the fun of MNF at SMB. There is nothing like watching your favorite team get crushed by the Denver Broncos...I mean...enjoying a night by the pool with your loved one watching some good old American football. -Tea Time in the lobby. Tea time is each evening from 4:00-6:00 P.M. I know this probably makes us sound British or 100 years old only seriously tea at SMB was probably our favorite thing. Carolina #2 (shout out to Carolina #2) is most definitely the most hard-working and amazing employee at SMB. She goes out of her way to create high tea each day. Little mini sandwiches, cookies, pastries, chocolate-dipped strawberries and more await you at tea. We always started out with some tea and then moved on to the coffee drinks. Carolina #2 skillfully prepares any coffee drink of your choosing, Mexican Coffee, Irish Coffee or some of her favorite spins on these traditional favorites. She melts sugar on the rim of the glass, heats each shot individually, carefully scoops whipped cream and places a cherry on top. Then fills a spoon with liquor and lights it on fire while carrying it to your table. Carolina #2 is the nicest woman I have met in years and she makes the SMB an upscale/unforgettable experience. Our last day I cried saying good bye to her. I hope management reads this and promotes her because she was literally the cherry on top of our trip!