Just returned. Let me start by saying SMB will probably be wonderful in a few months but not now. Their catch phrase is "no problem, it's a pleasure" but they lack follow through. We booked a swim out room. When we arrived we were told none were available, but would be the next day. The room we were in that night only had two waters in the mini bar when we arrived, we asked to have it filled, we were told "no problem, it's a pleasure", but no one came and filled it. The next morning we talked to the building's concierge and asked him to check on our swim out. He was confused because he said there were swim outs available so he called the front desk. The front desk advised him which room we would receive but told him we wouldn't be moved until after 3pm. We got the swim out at 4:00. The first night in the swim out room, our drunk neighbors decided to have a 2am party with some other guest. I think they were having a cannon ball contest. Anyway, we called the front desk who said they would send security. Security came by about 20 minutes later and shut down the party. I know it's not the resorts fault that the neighbor's were noisy, but it shouldn't have taken 20 minutes for security to arrive. I'm also surprised that there aren't "rules" on the time the swim outs can be used. Day 3, house cleaning takes our robes and doesn't leave any coffee for the coffee maker. We called the front desk at 4pm for replacements "no problem, it's a pleasure". Called again at 9pm, "no problem, it's a pleasure". Nothing. Talked to the front desk at 7am on our way to an excursion, again, "no problem. Got back at 4pm, still no robes or coffee. Finally talked to Jonathan (thank you Jonathan) told him about our attempts and he better not dare say "it's a pleasure' he promised it would be taken care of. 20 min later, we had robes. Never did get coffee so we called room service every morning. Seemed a waste to have the guy bring us just coffee when we could have made it ourselves, but oh well. Most of the wait staff, bartenders, servers and entertainment employees were wonderful and friendly. For the most part the food was good with the exception of over cooked steak (three times!!) and fish (once). We were not impressed with Bordeaux at all, that was our worst meal there. Didn't experience any "watered down" drinks and their house wine is very good. There are still a lot of construction workers there. The ratio of construction workers and employees to guest was easily 3 - 1. We picked SMB for the beach and were not disappointed. Maroma beach is fabulous, clear and the most beautiful color. They could use more palapas, there is a lot of open beach with a total of about 20 palapas. We went to the main pool once. It was scary and sad, adults fighting over floaties, even when they weren't being used, people were guarding them with their lives! The resort either needs to buy more or take them all away. It was a pathetic display of "it's mine and you can't use it". We may go back to SMB because the beach was so amazing, but right now SMB is 3 stars at best.