We have always stayed in the UWS whenever visiting NY and this time around we thought we'd stay in the East Village/SoHo. After looking for hotels left and right, we settled for HEH because of the reviews its gotten, and the price (of course) couldn't be beat! It was easy to expect what was already mentioned in the reviews - smaller rooms, loud street noise, excellent customer service, etc. - but our experience, unfortunately, was not expected. We booked a King room and noted in the "Preference" area in the booking screen that we would like a high floor and away from the "noisy" East Houston St. (requests that were made based on the reviews I read here.) We arrived in the early morning and left our bags at the hotel before coming back that afternoon to check in. When we returned about 6 hours later, we were given a high floor room (603) and realized as soon as we walked in, that the bed was a Queen (or was it a full?) Either way, it wasn't the room we had paid for and we quickly called the front desk. We were told that because I had stated "high floor" in the preference section, they thought that we had preferred that over the King bed - which, by the way, they only have on the first 3 floors. But we *paid* for a King size room! How is that even logical!? If there's a price difference between the 2, I would think that they would ask before giving us a room we didn't book. And we were there early in the morning before we can go to the room...they could have asked us then! Bottom line, they weren't able to move us as no other King rooms were available. They refunded us the difference and a bottle of champagne was sent to our room with apologies. The noise level did very little to help the situation....and on the day of check-out, I did not appreciate the call at 10:30 (as we were walking out) to remind us that check-out was at 11:00. Of all the hotels I've stayed at, I have never been reminded to leave... Though the price was right at this hotel, it's not a place we will return to. We'll gladly spend more money to stay elsewhere...