I am not sure about this hotel. We wanted to stay in the Lower East side so our pool of hotels to choose from I guess was limited. We decided to book this hotel for 5 nights based on reviews, the hotel website and location. We stayed for 2 nights and ended up moving to Hotel Rivington around the corner. I guess the main problem was that we were into the last week of a 3 week trip around Canada and had stayed in some lovely hotels and maybe were quite spoilt. The main issue is the size of the rooms. We booked a room with 2 single beds and I believe these rooms are slightly bigger then the double rooms however they are still really, really small. Also, the rooms are quite dark and lack any real style. I had looked at the hotel website and was aware that the twin rooms had a brown/cream decor but they really are quite dull. I noticed that all rooms on this particular floor were the same regardless of bedding type. I looked at a room with a double bed that was being cleaned and it was similar but even smaller. I assume other floors have rooms with brighter decors per the hotel website. The room was very clean as was the bathroom so if you just want a bed to sleep in and don't care about decor then it is more than adequate. I was not desperate to leave but just knew that The Hotel Rivington was in a similar position, had offered me a slightly cheaper rate, rooms would be bigger and decor more stylish. The major plus of Hotel East Houston is the location if you are interested in the lower east side and the rooftop. We really enjoyed taking our breakfast up to the rooftop on trays provided and eating in front of the New York skyline. It is also within walking distance of NoLita (loved Elizabeth Street) and Soho etc... When we moved to Hotel Rivington, we were a lot happier. The room was almost twice the size, very funky in decor, had a small lounge area with couch and coffee table, a whole wall of wardrobes, automated blinds that you opened from your bed which provided a nice view of the New York skyline, a great bathroom which was grey and silver with double shower and japanese tub and every night there was a turndown service with a different type of sweet example brownies. Although the room rate did not include breakfast like Hotel East Houston, it was $10 cheaper. Hotel East Houston was just not right for us. It is not a bad hotel by any means and I probably would have stayed the whole 5 nights if I was not aware of The Rivington.