We will never return because of the manager BUT the location is great and there are food places galore everywhere so if there is nowhere else nearby to stay and you can get a deal and do not mind very small rooms I would say stay here. The staff were nice except the manager (explained below). My husband and I stayed here for 7 nights for business and a bit of a holiday. The location is great, Soho is a few minutes walk away and the lower east side (even though very trendy) still holds onto a bit of the old school diamond in the rough New York. Pre-warning, this bit maybe a bit boring but I like to note any relevant experiences but if you want the quick breakdown, skip this and see the list below. - The manager that we met on our last day unfortunately soured our stay. He was annoyed that one of the receptionists had allowed us to store our luggage (I admit that we had quite a bit of luggage but who doesn't when you go shopping in New York!) without notifying us of charges. The storage area was practically empty but he did not care, he was a "by the book" kind of guy, which is fair enough but we were not told of any charges for storing our luggage. In fact, it was offered to us as the receptionist saw that we had a few bags and knew that our room was small. Anyway, long story short we did tell the manager this when he slightly aggressively told us that we had to pay for the storage. We said that had we been told of the charges, we would have paid them and maybe crammed some of the luggage in our room but as such we had not been notified. He then became a tad annoyed and asked us who the member of staff was that had not informed us of the charges. We were not going to get into naming people as he seemed like a bit of an idiot, repeatedly saying how it was common sense that we would pay. I informed him that we had been traveling to New York for the last 10+ years and had never been charged a storage fee. This is obviously not a reason not to stay here but I just wanted to include it just so that you know that storage charges are in place and on this occasion the manager was a bit of a tool. This unfortunately tainted the stay as the manager's attitude was rude and New York has so many more hotels to offer. Positives Great location Lots of good restaurants nearby Reception and cleaning staff friendly Basic offering of morning bagels and coffee etc., in the basement saves on money on days you do not want to splurge on breakfast Pulino's restaurant a few steps away - their breakfast pizza is great Nice roof terrace with views Negatives (only 2 but enough for us not to return) -Manager got a bit nasty (see paragraph above) -Teeny tiny rooms (corner rooms may be bigger so ask for these) we comfortably fit 1 piece of luggage at the end of the bed and slid another between the side of the bed and wall. WIFI was annoying and dropped quite a bit Misc bits but someone might be interested: -Bvlgari shampoo/gel etc., is not as impressive as it sounds - it seemed like standard hotel chemical smelling stuff with a fancy name so you may want to bring your own shampoo etc -Bathroom was decent, it did not have the cringe factor -Hair dryer - good