I was on business in this area for the month of January, which unfortunately coincided with the Presidential Inauguration. Hotels were charging a premium and after struggling to find a room for the 19th and 20th found this hotel for $500 per night (a rip off, I might add). Photos of the hotel and most of the existing reviews, led me to believe that this was a great new hotel. Although the stay was for the 19th and 20th, the hotel charged my credit card on the 5th of Jan, which really messes up my company's re-imbursement for the trip. I called the hotel to find out why and was met with rudeness about the subject, the manager did not even bother to call me back about the incident. None the less, I arrived on the evening of the 19th and although reception was not busy, was met with total indifference, NO - "welcome statement or smiles", just, whats you name, here is your key. Self parking, I found out is $22 per night if you leave the car the whole night or $25 if you go in and out. The hotel is 12 floors and I was on the 12th. The room was a little small and it did not have a bath tub. Just a very small shower stall. (If you are a big person, you are going to struggle in this small shower). On the flip side, the king size bed was fantastic and you are able to adjust the stiffness or softness of the mattress. There is a widescreen flat panel High Def TV in the room, and most of the local channels and ESPN are shown in High Definition. There is a small refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker. Also complimentary Wireless Internet. If you are a light sleeper, the noise of the city can be heard, even on the 12th floor. Breakfast is around $10 for a full buffet with a chef available for variances on your eggs. If you are a HHonors member (not sure from which level), the breakfast is complimentary. The restaurant is also used for Dinner. There is also a fitness center, although I don't think it is actually part of the hotel. For you health nuts, there is a Whole Foods store, one block away. There is also a Starbucks right outside. The hotel also shares their reception with a conjoined Homewood Suites. The inner Harbor of Baltimore restaurants are within walking distance.(About 1 mile)