I've just stayed 4 nights at this hotel, but will not choose it again. I'm a very seasoned traveler; I love the niceties but don't have to have them. But I payed $190-$308/night (almost $900 total for my 4 nights) and expected more for the money. THE PRO's first: - Terrific location, lovely upscale neighborhood, a block from Casa Batlio, a couple blocks from Le Pedrera. Three short blocks north of Placa de Catalunya, and walking distance to the Gothic Quarter, La Boqueria market, La Rambla, Palau de la Musica...Loved the location and neighborhood - Phillipe, at the front desk, was most helpful. He had all the answers to our questions, was happy to help us with directions and daily walking agendas, spoke perfect English and had a good sense of humor - The decor of the main (1st) floor was very cool, very "mod", very red - Our room had a nice little balcony overlooking the street, and very good windows, so no street noise when they were closed - The bed was comfortable - Jacuzzi deck on Floor 5 was nice The CONS: - The other front desk people were hardly helpful. When Phillipe was not around, they barely could give directions, advice, information - The SINKS in the room were ridiculous. There were two round sinks, each about 12" in diameter (photo below), with a faucet dropping down in the middle. You couldn't wash your face WITHOUT GETTING WATER ALL OVER THE FLOOR. And my husband had the most difficult time shaving. They were just so impractical to use. They give you a tiny bar of soap (1" square) but there was no where to put it except leave it tossed in the sink. And a very small shelf near the sink to place your toiletries etc, was very inconvenient - The lighting near the sink was poor. I appreciated the makeup mirror but there was no light shining on it, so it was really useless - Shower was OK, however they gave you ONLY a tube of shower gel. NO BATH SOAP, NO SHAMPOO OR CONDITIONER, NO LOTION. I can't recall EVER staying in a $200/night hotel without those simple amenities. - They were really stingy with towels. For the two of us, they gave us 2 bath towels and 1 hand towel daily (and no washcloths). And they were rough and old, far from fluffy or luxurious. - The toilet was basically free standing (frosted glass walls) and tiny. If you're at all large, it's a stretch to get in and out of the bathroom stall, as the door swings in and nearly touches the toilet. And don't think of getting up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom without waking your spouse. Or feeling like you have much privacy at all to use the loo. - The free internet connection was not secure (no password needed) and the connection was so slow, it was so frustrating. The best connection I could get on my laptop in my room in my 4 days there was "48 MBPS, very slow". - The room lighting was bizarre. There were small tube lights next to the bed, and no matter what we tried, they remained on on one side, tho very dim, though the night - The room was hot. We set it on 19C (and it would set no lower), but we never heard the A/C kick on, no matter what it was set on - There was no clock in the room - There was a desk chair in the room, but that was the only chair The design was too cool to be practical. Maybe if I was just there for one night, it would have been palatable, but not for 4 nights. Clearly, the negatives outweighed the positives, so we'll be staying elsewhere when we return next to Barcelona.