If you like what you read from other travellers experiences, be absolutely sure you want to stay here. This is definitely not a place for singles, persons with disabilities or seniors who may have to climb several stairs to get to their room. The resort is very isolated and small. The meals are repetitive and very short on choice. The beach is beautiful and clean and the staff are superb. There are always enough deck chairs available at the beach and small pool. The bar staff is very friendly and want to please you by making your favourite drink. The shop is very expensive, so are the water activities and the spa. There are free daily activities, but they are not well attended nor interesting plus, they are the same every day. The nightly show, in the very small bar, is loud and one hour long, with most of it being a recorded tape playing on a white screen. I would recommend the Michael Jackson show, but the others are sub-standard with the cast wearing torn and mis-fitting costumes. The resort seems to roll up its walkways at about sunset which, when I was there, was 4:30 pm. Really, the only thing to do there is sleep, eat at restaurant designated times, and sunbathe in the 30+C sun (which I could only stand for a maximum 20 minutes per day). There are books available for you to read and I noticed a good variation of titles and authors. I booked a trip to the Mayan ruins, but it was cancelled just 30 minutes before I was to meet the bus. I had some trouble at check-out having the cost reversed. There is a free trip to the shops every Wednesday & Sunday which is 5 hours in length. The stores are open air, so be careful of sunburn and heat stroke. My facial at the spa was a rip off and, in my opinion, not a real facial. The staff member got lotion in my eyes and it took quite a long time for her to reduce the burn affect. She had no eye wash available. Upon checkout, there was a 10% service fee added without my knowledge. My initial room was beach front. In the past, any beach front room I have reserved has been literally beach front. This room was fronted by the evening bar and walkways, and backed onto the pool bar, seating area and very small pool. The beach was visible if I squinted through all that and the trees. I had to upgrade for a bigger and quieter room, which cost me an additional $400 US. I had to climb 52 steps to get to my new room. I was offered for $10 to apply to my upgrade and one spa treatment. Neither were applied to my total bill. I took part in para-sailing. I had to wait half an hour, at the beach bar, for others being bused in from other hotels. Even though the bar is on the hotel property, it was a cash bar. The description stated a maximum of 8 per boat, ours was 9. You get approx. 12 minutes in the air and then watch the others take their turn. I enjoyed the activity, but feel it was too expensive and I didn't like the crew asking for tips as we left the boat. I always tip while away from home but noticed that no-one tipped the staff while I was at this resort. The cost of an internet connection is extortionate, but when there is nothing to do, you are forced to pay it. You have to supply your own computer. Next time I return to Mexico and the Riviera Maya, I will stay at the Iberostar Grand and pay less and get a lot, lot more for my money.