My husband and I stayed at EDM for a short vacation November 12-16th. The all-inclusives we have stayed at prior are Sun Palace, Excellence Riveria Cancun, Couples Swept Away and The Caves. We always like to try new places and we chose EDM based on its location and it's small size ( in comparison to other Riveria Maya all-inclusives) I'd like to preface this review by saying we had a great vacation and if someone had told me they'd already booked at this resort I would in no way try to dissuade them from going there but we felt other resorts we've visited just do it better. THE POSITIVES: - Service at restaurants and by the pool and beach was stellar. Every person had a smile and wanted to know if we needed anything. We have nothing but wonderful things to say about the bartenders, wait staff, etc. -Bed was very comfortable, room was very clean. We loved sitting on the patio and being able to get right into the pool and swim around to the main pool and get a cocktail. -The beach was gorgeous. My husband isn't a strong swimmer but loves being out in the water and the waves and tides are often too strong at other places in Mexico for him to venture out very far. Because of the sandbags or "whales", the water at Maroma Beach is clear, calm and the deepest it got was to our hips. I understand this could be a negative for some but for us it was perfect. We'd often wade out, sit in the sand and just talk about life! -Breakfast and lunch at Sabores and Pepitas were very good. Nice variety of options. THE NOT SO PERFECT: -While the room was perfectly comfortable, it was rather dark. I didn't really understand what other reviewers meant when they mentioned that. It wont ruin your vacation but I often felt like I was getting ready in a cave. -The air conditioner in our room never seemed to be at full power. It was muggier in our room than we have every experienced on any of our tropical vacations. To be fair- it was tolerable so we didn't bring it up to management or attempt to change rooms. -I had a difficult time at the workout facility. The hours posted outside say 8 am to 11 pm but I get up earlier than 8 am and the room is never locked so I was in there every morning around 7 am. Unfortunately, I always had to go get someone to turn on the treadmills and the air conditioning. HINT- if you want to use the treadmills, there's a switch at the very bottom in the front. And they keep the remote a/c control somewhere the guests can't get to it cause the staff always brought it in, turned on the a/c and then left with the control. Again- this isn't a big deal but one of the reason I chose this resort was for the gym and it seemed silly to me that I couldn't just walk in and use it. -We had some minor mishaps with the front desk/conceriege staff saying they would take of something and then having to follow up on it ourselves. -The food was defintely average for dinner and for room service. Sabores was a our favorite dinner but they paired my delicious mahi mahi with an odd banana puree. My husband liked the Japanese well enough but I wasn't fond of most of the items I tried. Overall, there was a lot to like about EDM but when comparing it to Sun Palace and ERC, it just fell a little short for us.