My husband and I stayed at El Dorado Maroma the second week of May, 2011. For six years we have been very satisfied "repeaters" at the Karisma properties. We normally stay at El Dorado Royale Casitas. This year we wanted a change and decided to make plans at the El Dorado Maroma resort. We were sorely disappointed. Upon check-in they tried to put us in a room for which was not even in the same category. We booked an infinity pool room with ocean front view. They were going to put us in a section called Mi Hotelito which is not even close to the same category. After telling them that this was not acceptable and reminding them as to what we booked they showed us a room with an infinity that was ocean front, but you could not see the ocean at all due to the overgrown palm trees. You couldn't even see a sliver of the ocean from the ground floor or second story. All the palm trees on the property were grossly overgrown. Finally, after four hours of waiting and calmly explaining that we have no problem going on down the road to El Dorado Royale, they accomodated us with an infinity pool room on the third floor ocean front. Once in the room we loved it. It was clean, decorated nicely and well stocked. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the outdoor shower was cool. However, I would imagine that in a couple of months or so even from the third floor you will not be able to see the ocean for the palm frawns. We must give a shout out to Pilar who was extremely friendly and professional in helping get the matter resolved. Also, Luis with Funjet was extremely helpful. While this resort has its perks it just never felt right. We never felt like we decompressed. The overall placement and layout of the property was just all wrong. You literally could not see the ocean from the main pool or Sabores restaurant due to the overgrown palms. However, the beach is absolutely gorgeous and should be showcased as such. But again, everything is so overgrown that you couldn't see it unless you were standing on it or eating at Pepitos. The sand was fine and powdery and the water crystal clear. The one thing for us that was missing was the sound of the waves. We love to hear the sound of the waves crashing and there was none of that. Also missing from this property were the vast amount of birds and iguanas. They did have a resort tabby cat named Pancho who looked like he was very well taken care of. I loved giving kisses and scratches to Pancho everyday! The food and service was outstanding. We have come to expect that from Karisma. They definately know what they're doing when it comes to food and presentation. Our favorite restaurant was Kiyoko. We have absolutely no complaints with any of the meals or drinks we had during our stay. The sushi was incredible. Another pro we will mention about Maroma was that Maroma Paradise was just next door, which is where you and all the other resorts come to do there excursions. I thought it would be a burden having it next door but not really. We took advantage of that fact and booked two trips with them. One was a tour of riding the SeaDoo to two locations to snorkel and the other was just to ride the SeaDoo with no snorkeling. Both were a lot of fun and the guides were knowledgeable and funny! My husband and I are very much into spa treatments and spending the bulk of our vacation getting spa services. The Maroma spa was horrendous! I scheduled a facial and my husband scheduled a massage. Normally, we get three to four services a piece. First of all, the spa was little and hot! At least at Royale you can communicate with the staff whereas at Maroma it was very difficult. I had to ask the lady who did my facial for some soothing music to which she proceeded out the door to turn a boom box on in the other room! We must also mention that in general the feel and vibe of Maroma was off. I'm not sure how to explain it but the other guests were quite snobby. We did meet one or two nice couples, but in general most of the other guests were not nice people. Maybe it had to do with the two large bridal parties that were there. The majority of the other guests at the resort were in one of these two bridal parties. I mean, I get it, you're getting married, but it's no excuse to be nasty to people. Overall, we will not be staying at El Dorado Maroma again. We will miss Pilar, but hope to see her again as she was one of only a mere few of the perks of our stay.