My husband and I stayed at the El Dorado Maroma from May 9 - 13. Upon arrival, we were very impressed. Check-in process was smooth, our room was not quite ready yet (no big deal) so we took a tour of the property and went to have lunch. As everyone else has stated, the beach is nothing short of amazing. The grounds are all very nice and the layout of the property is genius. We appreciated the smaller size of the resort and from what I can tell, every room has an ocean view. When we finished lunch someone came and found us and took us to our room which was then ready. We stayed in a honeymoon suite and it was gorgeous. We loved the balcony with the large bed outside as well as the fabulous bathroom. We could not have been more pleased with the reception staff, the concierge and the bell boy. The cleanliness of the room was good, not great. There were black dirty scuffs on the bottom of the jacuzzi tub and the tile around the jacuzzi tub looked like it had never been cleaned. Dead bugs, dirt, lint etc. The cleanliness of the shower was questionable as well, with black moldy looking stuff in some of the grout lines. I tend to be over the top with my expectations for that so take it for what its worth. We found that there were always plenty of chairs out by the pool as well as the beach no matter what time we went out there so that was nice. The beach beds were always occupied with peoples belongings with very few actually in use which is annoying, but whatever. Food at breakfast was great and the lunches were the highlight as previously stated. Dinner was so-so. Definitely not "gourmet" as advertised. What became a huge disappointment for us as our trip wore on was the service we received from the waitstaff at all the restaurants and the waiters out on the beach. This our 8th trip to the Riveria Maya area and we have frequented resorts such as the Palace Resorts, the Bahia, and the Valentin Imperial. Service at the El Dorado Maroma just simply was not up to par with the service we have received at any other resort in the region. We would order a couple of drinks from one the beach waiters, never receive it and that same beach waiter would come ask us a half hour later if we wanted anything. Things like this are not going to ruin our vacation, we had no problem just getting up and making our way to the pool bar to grab a drink, but it was certainly annoying. At lunch drinks were rarely refilled, we order dessert a few times at lunch and ended up leaving after 15 minutes with no dessert and no waiter ever coming back to see if we needed anything. Dinner was the worst, service-wise as well. One night at the Italian restaurant we were seated an no one approached out table for 15 minutes. On our last night at Sabores, it was the one of the special dinners that you have to make a reservation for, we ordered our appetizer, salads, anti-pasta, and our entrees (there was a first and second course entree). They brought out our first entree, and then the soup, then the second entree and acted like we were crazy when we asked about our salad and anti-pasta. By the end of the week we had grown weary of the poor service. We are pretty laid back people and have had no complaints about any prior resort, and I do feel like we have visited the region enough and visited plenty of other resorts that are not even as nice as the El Dorado Maroma so that our expectations were correctly set. The thing that really blew my mind regarding the service was this: there were never that many people (guests) anywhere. The average number of people out on the beach on any given day was probably seven couples so I could not understand why 3 beach waiters couldn't keep up with the service. Likewise, any restaurant we were in on average only had two other couples besides us dining at the same time. Why the bad service when there are so few people to wait on? We had requested a late check-out as our flight was not leaving until the evening on our departure date. They were not able to accommodate our request, which is fine. We understand that they had more people arriving.. no big deal. They advised us that we could get a locker for our belongings in the spa and shower in the spa before we departed at 3pm. So we packed up our things, got a locker in the spa, and told them we would be coming to shower at 2pm. No problem. When we went to shower.. no hot water. They could not get the situation fixed and we did not have the time to wait so we finished up our vacation with cold showers. All in all, we accomplished what we wanted out of our vacation which was to hang out and relax on a beautiful beach. We are not the type of people to let horrible service ruin our good time. That being said, we personally will never return to an El Dorado or Karisma resort due to our experience.