For a little perspective my wife and I have been traveling to Mexico 2 times or so a year for the past 15 years. We have tried many resorts over the years on both the Pacific side and the Caribbean side. This trip was divided between El Dorado Maroma and The Grand Velas (Grand Class section of the resort). To be fair to El Dorado this review will not comment on Grand Velas and focus solely on our experience at El Dorado Maroma. I will also post a review and photos on Grand Velas in case you might be interested. We have all seen the scenic photos posted within Trip Advisors and rightfully so. I will post a few more of those along with some photos of what you might run into on a daily basis. Check-In/Rooms - Resort Grounds - They are what you would expect and see at most middle of the road and lower upper end resorts along Rivera Maya. What is meant by this is they are well kept and tropical in nature. I would not however say that they rise to the level of some of the other higher end resorts nearby. Included in that for comparison might include the Mandarin Oriental , Secrets Tulum, Mayakoba and the Grand Velas. There is also a series of new Presidential suites being built with ocean views. With that comes the typical construction noise during the day we have all heard at different resorts in the past. No clue on a completion date but a guess would be at least another month before they are completed. In reality the noise is not all that bad. Rooms  We stayed in the newer section of the hotel where the blocks of rooms run from the 300s to the 800s with the 300s being closer to the ocean and moving back away from the ocean from there. We were given room 741 originally when we checked in on a Friday at around 4:15 pm or so. We were taken to our room by someone who was on their first day on the job. She was a little unfamiliar with the property and took us to the wrong room. After getting somewhat lost she asked us to wait on the walkway while she went to get some help. 5 minutes or so later she came back with someone who was more familiar with the property. The entrance to the 700 block of rooms is located fairly close to a large maintenance building that has a loud a/c unit running what seemed at all times. This noise certainly took away from the hoped sereneness. We were then escorted to room 741. The interior of the room itself was fine, nicely appointed and as advertised for a honeymoon suite. The problem arose when you walked out onto the deck area. The deck did provide a view of the ocean but it also provided an outstanding view of the roof of the Saboras restaurant. On this roof was a very loud a/c unit that again took away from a relaxing and restful feel. You will run into this issue with any 3rd or 4th floor room in the 700s or 800s. The lower 1st and 2nd floor suites had the noise from the roof top a/c unit masked by a water feature located on the side of the Saboras restaurant. In order to avoid the overbearing noise try to make sure you get a room in the 300s-600s. All up we wish we would have saved the money on the room upgrade to the honeymoon suite and stayed in the Mi-Hotelito suites. It seemed to us that those had a much cooler vibe to them. We asked to be moved but were told everyone had already checked in and the hotel was 100% booked with not ONE open or empty room. We were then told and we could move but not until Monday (3 days later). What we found interesting is that over the next 3 days we saw numerous guests checking in and out. Logically we felt if the resort really wanted to move us they would have prior to having to wait 3 days. However that being said, we were moved on Monday to suite 522 which was nice in the sense that it provided a better view of the ocean, pool and without the incessant a/c noise. Thanks (I guess) goes to the resort management team for at least making some of our time them and the deck portion of our suite useable. Internet  $10 for 1 hour, $15 a day or $70 for the week. Tried to buy 1hour but could not get it to work. Had to call the concierge for assistance. At first we received some pushback stating $10 for 1 hour was not one of the options available for internet purchase even though we were describing exactly what was showing up as options as you tried to purchase access. After 10 minutes or so of the concierge attempting technical support with no success, we just gave up trying to gain access. No reason a resort that advertises itself as an upscale resort should not provide free internet access. Pools  As many others have mentioned there are 2 pools located within the resort. Main pool  The main pool was fine and provide a cool but not overly cool retreat from the sun. There is somewhat limited lounge chair and bed seating at the main pool with the only area really open to this coming on one side of the pool. If you study the various photos of the main pool you will find this to bear itself out. We found on most of the mornings that the lounge beds were all taken/reserved with towels, books, bags etc. fairly early by folks in an effort to mark their territory. Smaller pool (by the 24 bar)  This smaller pool was nice but a little chilly for our tastes. Plenty of shade with ample seating as far as we could tell when we walked from beach to a drink. Pool/Beach service  Service was provided for drinks only and what would be expected in terms of speed and frequency. It should be noted that there is NO food service of any kind at the pools or beach. We have never stayed at an advertised 5 star resort that did not provide some fashion of food service at the pool/beach ranging from a full menu to a snack menu. Note to the resort managementfix this! Pool towels  The pool towels for the most part have seen their better days. Several were fading and frayed. Not just 1 or 2 but just about every time you grabbed some towels you would get at least 1 that was badly frayed. Additionally, there were several times during our stay that the resort seemed to run out of pool towels. I witnessed 1 instance where a couple voiced a complaint about there being no pool towels and they were given bath towels to use instead. Really unacceptable for a resort that represents itself as a truly top notch resort. Beach - The beach was indeed very nice! Fine sugary sand and warm turquoise waters. One can wade at least 100 yards out to the large sandbags with the water not getting more than waist deep. It appears this is accomplished by an everyday dredging operation by a resort staff member trying to move sand around in swimming area located directly in front of the resort. All up one of the nicer beach areas we have been to. Beach seating  Always ample beach chairs and umbrellas. Not so can be said with the beach beds. I am an early riser (6am) and found that most, if not all, of these beds were reserved by that time. I would suggest that if you plan on wanting to enjoy this seating option on the beach you get up early. Maroma Marina  This activity area is located directly next to the hotel. Around mid morning the train of tours start to come through from other resorts to enjoy what the marina has to offer. Included, but not limited to this was snorkeling, diving, fishing, sailing, horseback riding, waverunners and small 2 person speed boats. So around mid morning you will get to enjoy the drone of engine noise for the rest of the day as the waverunners and speed boats ramble in and out of the marina and back and forth in front of the resort. Gym  Small but with decent equipment where if you try hard enough you can get a adequate workout. Worked out most mornings and rarely ever saw another person. For any runners out there that prefer the road to the sand, it is approximately 2.5 kms (one way) from the entrance of the resort to the lobby entrance. Good road with little traffic. Food  Overall the food served in the restaurant was some of the best we have experienced at an AI/GI resort. None of the restaurants required reservations. Really the only downside in our minds was the room service menu for dinner. For dinner it was very limited with only 4 real options to choose from. Breakfast options were plentiful and fine. Overall  The resort certainly had its positives and a few areas of needed improvement. We would consider returning for another stay at some point in the future but would certainly try the Mi-Hotelito suites.