We (my husband and I) spent 6 days at the Grand Mayan with my parents and then moved to EDM for 3 nights with friends. All along, I was thinking that EDM was going to be an upgrade from the GM and was looking forward to it. In summary, I was disappointed. Part of my disappointment was the weather (rained and was cold the entire time), which is obviously not EDM's fault. When we checked in, we waited 3 hours for our rooms to be ready (which was fine, because we were there before check-in). Our travel agent had previously confirmed upgrades for us (this is one of the main reasons we even picked this hotel in the first place instead of Secrets) and had requested rooms next to each other for us. When we got our rooms, one of us were not the room type that we had been confirmed in and we were not in rooms next to each other. This was really disappointing and we were told that they could not accomodate the requests because they were full (being next to each other, I can understand). I would have liked a little more sympathy for our situation, but did not receive any. The restaurant at the beach and the one at the pool had great food for breakfast and lunch. The food and service were both as good as I could have imagined. I was not at all happy with the dinner restaurants - there was one asian option and one italitan option. They were what I would expect of a typical all-inclusive and not on par with the breakfast and lunch food quality. Since EDM advertises themselves as a gourmet all-inclusive, I had expectations, and apparently that's where I went wrong. The shows were ok - the MJ show was entertaining, the others were really cheesy and amateur. I felt bad for the performers.... one dancer got dropped by her partner on the floor twice. Service at the beach was spotty but good enough and the servers were really nice and friendly. The rooms were very nice - I was favorbly impressed with them. I thought the cleanliness, furniture, size, decks, bath products, bathroom were all very nice. The pools were freezing, so no one was in them the entire time. The beach though was unbelievable! This was the highlight of my trip. The sand was so soft, the beach was expansive and you could swin/snorkel right in front of the hotel. I usually prefer to sit at the pool, but I was at the beach every day - I couldn't stay away - it was so beautiful. Despite the room snafu, I would still recommend this hotel but I would manage people's expectations appropriately (room snafu, food quality for dinner).