Having booked this place based upon other TA reviews, I agree with almost all the reviews. Maroma is a quiet paradise. My husband and I have been to Riviera Maya numerous times. This time all we wanted to do was relax by the beach with a good book and take it easy from the hustle of NYC living. We love staying in smaller boutique style hotels. We stayed in the Mi Hotleito section. We wanted to be closer to the beach. Room was great with a comfortable king bed. They are smaller than the other rooms at the hotel. We hardly stayed in it, but to sleep at night. So, in my opinion save your money for other things instead of upgrading room type. Here is why I only gave it 3 stars: The first room they put us in was on the first floor. The walk-out balcony was facing the pool bar. Hated that--no privacy. Everybody at the pool could see into your room. However this could be a bonus room feature for some who like to just walk out and get a drink from the pool bar. Take a look at karismahotels.com--go to the virtual tours and select Mi Hotelito Beachfront Suit--- that is the 1st room they tried to put us in. You can see the pool bar directly off the walk-out balcony. They were able to give us another room on the second floor of the Mi Hotelito section. We were told that a lot of people ask to be switched to another room after seeing it. I just dislike the process of them trying to put you in that room if so many people decide to switch out of it. Especially since the occupancy was so low. That process did take a couple of hours---not sure as to why they were only at 40% occupancy. Even Perla was surprised it took so long. Lomas travel guy was annoying. Nice guy, but when we arrived we mentioned to him that we have been to Riviera Maya numerous times and we already went on all the excursions that interested us. Well he kept coming up to us while we were relaxing by the beach and inviting us to talk to him for 20 min to book an excursion. Each time we told no. Finally by the 4th day he left us alone. You have to book all your activities with the concierge. This was fine. We knew we wanted to do the candlelight dinner at the beach (celebrating anniversary), mayan dinner ,Italian dinner and kayak tour (all which I recommend). This part is NOT o.k.-- After booking all the hotel activities they try to talk you into attending this lunch seminar for the Exotic Travel Club. Which is another stupid time share thing. Even after we said no several times she reserved a spot. Well we just never showed up we didn't care if she booked a spot. On the 2nd day the canopy over our bed fell off the ceiling. We were on the 2nd floor so the ceiling was high. We left it on the bed thinking housekeeping will be able to put it back up with a ladder. Well 2 days later the canopy was still not put back up. After housekeeping made the bed they just set the huge canopy on top of the bed . Finally, my husband, who is tall stood on top of a table and was able to hang it back up using the umbrella from our room for extra height. We eat dinner late usually 8 or 9 p.m. So, we were always getting ready when they came to do the turn-down service. We did get it once. But, we don't really care for that stuff. It is a beautiful quiet setting. Food and drinks were great and waitstaff was awesome. They would give you a fresh beer if they noticed yours was getting too warm. Perla did check on us throughout the week. But having stayed at similar adults only boutique hotels and comparing it to them El Dorado Maroma falls short in keeping with what the customers are looking for in their vacation. This goes beyond the food and service. People don't go on vacation to spend time listening to a sales rant about a time share ( Exotic Travel Club).