Let me start by saying everyone has their own expectations of a great vacation, and alot depends on what you've experienced before at other resorts, That being said, we were disappointed with El Dorado Maroma. We chose this place because of it's size and adults only and i researched for months before actually booking. We had previously stayed at Excellence Riviera Cancun and admit we based alot of this trip compared to that resort, which totally spoiled us. I'll start with check-in. We did arrive early and i knew check-in was 3pm, but with 50% occupancy a 4 hr. wait to get to the room was very aggravating. And we were not the only people unhappy with the long check-ins. Also, we requested a ground floor which we didn't get. So, first impressions, not so good. Food was our biggest disappointment, and again that's very subjective, but we honestly were hungry all week. Breakfast was our best meal of the day and we pigged out every morning because we knew it was downhill for the rest of the day. We thought the dinners were terrible. Not much to choose from and a major lack of seafood which we enjoy on vacation. No lobster, no shrimp cocktails etc. They did serve a few dishes that we thought were ok, but most were unedible because of the taste and we actually walked out and ordered room service, which is extremely limited. Think sandwiches, no meals or appetizers, and no cocktails delivered to the room. We didn't feel that this was a gourmet resort at all but that's just our opinion. We met people that thought the food was great. No snacks or appetizers to grab for late afternoon, and they don't serve any food around the pool areas. The only outside dining was at the Mexican restaurant for breakfast and lunch. It would have been nice to have that for dinner. The Big Disappointment!! My husband has skin cancer and can't spend much time outside in the sun. We always take a small collapsable cooler with us and fill it with a 6pk of beer and he takes it to the room and sit's on the balcony and reads while i'm at the pool. Keep in mind, the beer in the mini bar was usually drank the night before. The first couple of days the bartender at the pool bar would fill it and he was generously tipped all day long. On day 4, he told my husband he couldn't do that anymore.(Unlimited All-Inclusive?) We found out that he was just too lazy to restock his coolers after giving my husband a 6pk. And to make matters worse we saw him give others 6pks for coolers. When the tips stopped his attitude changed, but too late. And we saw very few people tipping. Evening entertainment was a joke. No place outside for people to meet up and have cocktails. The only bar open in the evenings was Rick's Bar and it was in an enclosed upstairs area that wasn't very inviting and no-smoking and lots of stairs to climb. An outside bar for evenings would be great. Many of us would meet up in the evenings and just sit at the pool and talk. (Hi Kelly and Scott) I would like to thank Francisco, Super Mario and Luis, 3 of best staff they have. You went above and beyond and helped make this stay more tolerable. The weather was perfect, no towel games at the pool, the rooms were clean and nice comfy beds. but i don't think we would return to this resort. If you are a honeymooner or it's your first all-inclusive resort you would very likey love the place. We know now that we prefer Excellence resorts, for the things that are important to us, they deliver. Sandy and Ed