This was a business trip for my husband, but myself and my 6 year old daughter joined him. We had a bedroom connected to a hospitality suite. PRO Great location. The hotel is near the gaslight district (walking distance), so plenty of places to go eat for lunch or dinner. If you plan to walk at nighttime I would check with concierge what is the safest way to go, as a friend from San Diego told me downtown can be "spotty" when it comes to safetymeaning that one block could be perfectly OK, then next block is not that safe. If you get a room with a view on Coronado island, bring binoculars. You will see plenty of actions during the day and perhaps catch a glimpse of the Navy Seals returning from their daily practice and of course all sort of military and civilian vessels. The hospitality suite was very nice and very very large. The views were breathtaking, if it wasn't for a large framed print that detached from the wall and almost hit my daughter on the head I will have no complains. If you like jogging or walking you can take a nice stroll all the way down to the shops at the end of the Bayfront (past the convention center). You will walk by the marina and there are a couple of really lovely parks on the water. Beds were comfortable. Loved the Peter Thomas Roth products in the bathrooms! Had a lovely massage at the SPA. They will add 20% gratuity by default, but at least you will be notified prior to receiving the service and you can always adjust the gratuity accordingly. CONS I am going to talk about the "package highjack fee" because it was the first I ever encountered such a thing, and we travel a lot. We had a package shipped to our room. Apparently concierge or the front desk will not hold the package and will send it to the business center instead (which seems to be run by UPS.) You can get your package ONLY if you pay a fee. Of course no one will tell you about that and if you call concierge they may not know about it either. Here's the best partyou would expect a small consistent fee, right? No! the fee is calculated based on the size and weight of the package, so unless you know how much your package weights you'll have no clue until you are trying to redeem it. We had to pay $6.99 for one small package that was probably less than a 1/4 pound. The fee was twice the cost of shippingthe irony! At the business center we were "greeted" by a very rude young woman which had no interest in helping us (Note for management: this person was working on Friday, March 2nd at 6:25PM) . She was slamming envelops on the desk, being very unfriendly and completely annoyed by our presence. When we asked if she could please open the package, she ran the xacto knife so close to my husband hands we thought she was going to cut him! Service at the business center was despicableand I am still wondering what that fee covers and what if I do not want to pay the fee?...I don't get my package? Some of the cleaning ladies, were sort of...obnoxious and not very discreet. For example they would enter the room without too much notice or without announcing themselves and one in particular, if she saw us in the hallway, she would ask "Does your room need cleaning today?". I think that was the first time ever I was asked that question in a hotel! There are two restaurants in the hotel, but the menus are very limited and fairly boring. They also seem to have problems understanding the difference between "rare" and "medium rare". Children six and under seems to eat free at the breakfast buffet, but some waiters will omit the information... The bedroom itself was very small and average. Inquire about the cost of WIFI as they seem to charge per device and at $13 per day, with multiple laptops, ipads, iphones etc it can get pricey. SPA: it would be a good idea if the cleaning crew does not have to walk through the relaxation area with dirty towels etcperhaps an alternate route that does not involve passing through the relaxation area? They should also avoid cleaning (dusting in my case) the relaxation area while guests are in there. TIPS The San Diego Zoo is a must-see, but take a trip to La Jolla (bring plenty of quarters for parking). Our daughter enjoyed exploring the tidal pools and probably had more fun there she had at the Zoo. Check online for the best time of the day to go explore the pools. For lunch go to Georges. Great food and location. It can get a bit crazy there, so expect to wait one hour for a table. Additionally check out La Valencia hotelA little gem, in Hispanic style! and if you like Dr. Seuss stop by Legends Gallery, Fine Art of La Jolla. Great cupcakes at Sprinkles in La Jolla Village (there's also a Whole Foods there).