me and my wife stayed here jan 27th-30th on a quick trip. it is a really nice, clean, big upscale hotel. they couldn't have built it any better except putting access to the starbucks and fox sports grill from inside the hotel. the rooms were extremely clean and nice and comfortable. the problem was that this hotel even though located right across the street from petco park and the gaslamp district, you have to walk back down to 5th street to cross the train tracks to get over there. you just feel a bit cut off from downtown. but the views are great. they are building a walk over bridge but it is not yet open. also, there were no place to purchase alcohol to bring up to your room. there are no close by stores or anything. the retail shop does not sell alcohol and the restaurants and bars don't sell alcohol to bring up to your room. it would take about 30 minutes time to walk to your car in the garage, drive somewhere and come back. the other bad thing is they hold a lot of conferences and "balls" there so the lobby and parking garage is always busy. the last night of our stay my wife was sick and we had to get up at 6:00 to catch our flight and they were holding a "ball" there and the people there were up and in the halls all night long yelling and laughing. we first complained at 11:30. it went on until 4:30. we didn't get to sleep more than 30 minutes straight all night long. they kicked over glasses outside our door and when i opened the door and asked them to be quiet they asked me if i wanted to fight. there was nothing done about this that night by the staff to quiet them. why can't they put all the guests of a ball on the same floor? not to mention we were close to the elevators and they dinged all night long too. i did call a few days later to complain and they took my parking charges ($75) off. but that doesn't make it better. when you pay the money to stay in a hotel like this you don't expect these problems. nice clean hotel, weirdly isolated, no help to quiet loud guests, expensive parking. i will definitely stay on the other side of the train tracks next stay in san diego.