The hotel has an expensive look, but is built on the cheap and everything is extra. The main drawback is that the internet is not fee, in fact it costs quite a bit. Definitely a nuisance in this day and age. All that is available in the Hilton, I found in smaller hotels, which also usually had free internet and a fridge to keep your drinks cold. The Hilton has many meeting rooms, but that is the only difference. To top it off, when I checked in, the hotel charged the entire cost of the room for both me and my colleague, who was supposed to pay separately and happened to check-in second, to my credit card, even though I made them aware of the situation. This meant that a couple of thousand dollars were charged to my CC, the first day of the stay. I was told they will just authorize the charges, but the next day I was told that they actually charged it. In any case, this has brought my CC to the maximum and I couldn't rent a car, canceling my trip to Joshua Tree Park, which I was really looking froward to. (It takes a number of days for the charges to be reversed, so there was no use doing that). Also, if you book through an agent, you won't get your Hilton Honors points, the usual feel of being nickle and dimed by Hilton. The pool is waist high, with no deep area for swimming. When I first arrived, I came in late at night and was desperately looking for a bag of chips or any kind of a snack, but the vending machines had only pop. If you are coming for the conference, note that this hotel is not attached to the Convention Center, it is some distance at the southern end of it. I was disappointed how far it was, I would have much preferred the Omni, which is right across. Any hotel near the conference center-end of the Gas Lamp District would have been more convenient, or the Marriott (The Hyatt is too far as well). Also, the hotel doesn't have a free airport shuttle, unlike many of the other hotels in the Gas Lamp District. When I checked in I was asked if I would like to pay extra for a view of the city and I didn't, so my view was to the ship yards, with the pleasure of listening to the containers being loaded, irrespective of the time of day or night, but the noise wasn't too bad. That being said, any of the other hotels, especially the Omni, only have a city view, without having to pay extra. I found the room a little dusty, but not sure where that was coming from, the surfaces looked fine, perhaps the carpet. Over all, nothing special, except the price, which was exceptionally high.