The Hyatt Regency is a beautiful property. The views from the ocean front rooms are amazing. The rooms are adequate in size and nicely furnished...mind you nothing fancy. The beds are platform beds and not very comfortable unless you like a VERY firm mattress for sleeping . The rooms are layed out well, and you are able to move about easily......BUT the biggest drawback, especially of the ocean fron rooms...no matter what floor you are on..We were on the 20th) are extremely noisy. I truly enjoy sitting on the balcony and watching the whales and the beautiful sunsets, but each afternoon-evening until at least 9:00PM sometimes later, there was loud live music being played at both of the outdoor venues, and somestimes three. Each resturant...Japango, and Umulu had their own performer with different types of music...so the noise that one heard in the middle was not really pleasant. Out of the 7 nights that we were there, 4 of the nights they had outside parties on the lawns below. One night it was a birthday party of about 100 people with a live band that was great, but went until 11:00 or so, mixed in with the other venues music was not very peaceful. The other large parties were obviously companies who were using the hyatt for their meetings. Great idea, but Hyatt should have alternate area for these types of events so that the guests not involved with the business can have some peace and quiet that one pays for when on a "relaxing" vacation. Our room was a nice prime room,and certainly was not inexpensive. We should not have been subjected to the cacophony of noise and lack of privacy . The resturants Japangeo,and Swan court serve very good food...again not inexpensive...but good. The service in japango is slow and disappointing. The settings are beautiful. The main pool is nice but crowded with the usual people who awake at 6:am to through their towels on a chair, and don't show up till noon.. They have a seperate smaller area especially for kids which includes a water slide etc. and is nice. We have stayed at this hyatt in the past, but this time the experience was somewhat more challenging. We won't be returning to this property. If you don't mind the noise on a continual basis, this could be a hotel for you. It has the location and the setting, but you pay dearly for both. (including 25.00 resort fee which gives you "free internet" not high speed, and 18.00 valet parking fee. ( We did get a lei upon arrival from very pleasant and efficient staff members.) Free