Let me first start by saying that this was our second stay at the HRM. We stayed for a couple of nights in early September as we were breaking up our time between Wailea and K'pali. The Hyatt is a wonderful property and one of the first on K'pali. Unfortunately it's at the more rocky end and the immediate beach access is not good. But with a little walking you have the entire sandy Kaanapali Beach at your feet. The one thing people are not posting in their review...and I am not sure why is the "Kaanapali Perfume" and how it is so awful at this end near the Hyatt. We deem the smell "stink fish" cause its just that bad. If you can get past that then you are good...mind you it's not just this hotel, but many areas of Kaanapali...so I recommend staying up at Kapalua or head down to Wailea. Yes the hotel was under construction even back in early September. We were NOT advised of this (we booked direct with the hotel and used my Hyatt points). However since it was the beginning stages and the tarp had just gone up we were not too disturbed...however, it was rather unfortunate that the great view of the ocean from the lobby was hindered but I do understand that they need to do their rennovations during the low season. AND that this property is in dire neeed of updating...it will be worth it in the end. We were on the concierge level in the Atrium tower. It is worth getting a room that gives you access to their club lounge as the breakfast there alone is well worth it..plus you get killer views from the lounge. (See pics) Parking at the hotel has always been a problem; the spaces are small and with the luau it's nearly impossible to find a space between 4:30-9pm-HOWEVER the hotel is accomodating and often open "overflow" parking but you have to trek to the hotel from it-not a big deal. Folks...if you are staying at this property for longer than a couple of days, do yourselves a favor and LEAVE and go out FOR BREAKFAST...don't waste your time in line waiting for a table at Swan Court...hop in your car and head to Lahaina to Aloha Mixed Plate or up to Kapalua's Plantation Course Restaurant...