We were originally booked at the Hyatt after reading reviews of the resort for years and looking forward to our stay. Days before our departure, which was Oct. 28th, I read on this forum that there were major rennovations being done to the hotel. This did not sit well with us, as we were anticipating a week of relaxation. We called our travel consultant, Maui Kay (mauikay.com) and she was able to relocate us at the Westin. During our stay we walked down to the Hyatt to see if we made the right decision in relocating. We agreed that we did. The main lobby is full of plastic tarps and construction workers. The animals were non-existant. There were two flights of make shift stairs leading down to the pool area (although I'm sure they had elevator access somewhere). There was constuction noise and the pools seems crowded and noisy. The decor inside the Atrium where the shops were was elegant looking. Lots of wood. Fancy shops and expensive stores. The Swan Court looked out to a lagoon that seemed dirty. It was far from being ocean front. The word "stuffy" came to mind while touring the inside of the hotel. We are in our mid 50's and thought the place was outdated and boring. I can't speak of the rooms, as we did not view them. We did attend the luau there and were pleasantly surprised. The show was teriffic and the food was good. Be advised that the drinks offerred by the servers on a tray were watered down, but you can ask the server for something else, seemingly free of charge. Several people at our table had wine and other mixed drinks and I don't recall seeing them paying for them. The picture they take of you upon arrival cost $20 and you get a shell lei. The flower leis are a good deal at $5. Several people we spoke to during our week on Maui who were staying at the Hyatt were very disappointed with the construction and said they would not have stayed there had they known about it. But, in fairness, there were others who said the construction did not affect their stay. Perhaps they were staying in a tower other than the Atrium, where most of the work was being done.