Stayed here 8/28-9/4. We were given a room in the main tower. There was a partial ocean view if you sat on the far side of the balcony. As other reviewers pointed out, the bed is extremely low to the floor. The pillows were hard. We had the a.c. on all the time, but at night it never seemed cool in there. It didn't help that there was a sheet-comforter-sheet layout to the bed. The room was always cleaned extremely late in the day. I noticed a previous guests lip gloss under the bed. Also, there was can of a previous guests beverage under the tv. These things were there for the entire 6 nights we were there. The bathroom looked like it had been partially remodeled. They seemed to have stopped with the bathroom door and bath tub. The pool was nice, but is probably a little too deep for most people. Half of the pool is 8 or 9 feet deep. It didn't bother me, since we had brought our own tubes, but there was hardly ever anyone in that part of the pool. You need a towel card to get towels for the pool and have to turn them in to get new towel cards after you use them. It was a pain. We stayed at Hyatts in Waikiki and Kauai and neither of them had this annoyance. The room was quiet; we couldn't hear our neighbors. Lots of people put towels on the pool chairs and I never saw them. Maybe they only enforce the 1 hour removal rule during the high season. There were some nice shops in the hotel: Maui Hands, Macys, a sundry. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Whaler's Village and a few restaurants. We at at Umalu once. It was ok. The prices were pretty steep at for the food; there was no kids menu here. They have a happy hour at Umalu and Japengo. There were plenty of other restaurants outside of the hotel that were cheaper. Front Street in Lahaina has a ton of restaurants and shopping, which is a short drive away. We called the guest request number to ask about a later checkout after having been told by the front desk to call in the morning. The woman on the phone immediately said no; she never asked what room we were in or anything. We later walking down to the front desk and a very nice front desk man said it depended what room we were in; we were in a room that allowed for the late checkout (1pm), which was very helpful. The real low point of the stay was the parking/valet situation. Upon our arrival we stated that we wanted to check in quickly and then we would park our car ourselves. We clearly stated we did not want our luggage removed from the car. One valet guy said no problem and he'd just move our car over to the side. After we checked in, I noticed our bags were on a cart with a bellhop standing by. I was very annoyed by this, but I was annoyed even further after we returned from getting our bags dropped off by the bellhop to find that our car was nowhere in sight. It was not parked on the side as we were told. And that valet person was nowhere in sight. It took another 15 minutes for the other valet person to find out where our car was and bring it back. There is also a luau at the hotel every night. It is very difficult to find a parking spot at night because of this. We continuously drove from one parking lot to another and did not find a spot. Then, we were back in the valet situation again. You also don't need any kind of parking pass to park in the hotel lots so anyone could park here at anytime. They really need to focus on making parking easier for their guests. I'd definitely stay elsewhere next time.