I usually love the Hyatt Regency properties but unfortunately was disappointed in our stay here, resulting in our switching our stay to the Grand Wailea. I may be a bit spoiled as my family and I are used to staying in 5 star (or like) hotels, and this one was definitely not. I will give the pluses and minuses in trying to remain as fair balanced as possible. + Front desk and Jennifer with Camp Hyatt was very helpful and accommodating. + Reasonably priced and right on the beach, so the view from our room was excellent + Although didn't take advantage of it, appeared to have good entertainment nightly outside. + Loved the other wildlife on the property - penguins, birds, and swans. + Although a little bit of a walk, within walking distance to the shops in the area. + Has a luau on property every night - make sure you get VIP or priority or you will stand in line for A LONG TIME waiting to get in! - Regardless of some of these other reviews, they are VERY STRICT on their water slide rules. I believe it's due to their liability insurance, but my daughter was remeasured every morning when we got our towels and told each morning she was too short for the water slide that all of her new friends were going on (so every morning we both started off upset and frustrated - not the way to you want to start your day). Very disheartening and the major reason why we left as we chose the hotel for our child's entertainment moreso than our own. The 2nd hotel we stayed at had the same measurement restrictions but were flexible and we enjoyed our stay much more - we weren't constantly reminded what activities we "couldn't" do! - Pool, although heated, still was cold and wasn't as pleasant as our other hotel stay's pool. - One of the "parking lot attendants" was quite rude to my husband when he attempted to park the car based on the valet's specific direction. He was told by another it was the 2nd time that day that this same individual received a guest complaint. - Really no beach. - Although this hotel was supposedly recently renovated, it didn't appear so. The front lobby and chandelier appeared "dark" and the rooms still outdated. One helpful hint if you're going there - they advertise "lei making" on certain days of the week but don't tell you at check in that you have to call around 6:00 a.m. in order to book your reservation. Space books quickly and when we tried to set this up for my daughter's birthday that morning they were already "sold out". They really need to educate all guests at check in on some of these particulars in order not to disappoint their guests interested in these types of daily activities.