Our room was right out of 1980 when the hotel was built. They clearly did some updating but the overall effect was still 1980. For years I have wanted to stay at this hotel and we got it for $150 per night through Priceline! So, that was good. The hotel gardens are very nice now BUT the two waterslides were closed for repairs. There are NO steps into the adult main pool. One woman got herself down the ladder but was very concerned about hauling herself up as she had just had shoulder surgery. The only steps were in the bar area where you had to swim around the waterfall. Here's the big disappointment: Swan Court. We loved Swan Court and have had brunch there for years even if we did not stay at the hotel. The railings leading from the entrance to the lower seating are cheap painted metal and are extremely chipped. Good grief! That is a star in this hotel. Furniture is sun bleached, breakfast marginal. $28.95! Even the swans stayed away. So, for dinner, we went elsewhere. By and large, the lobby area looks pretty good though some of the statues have been damaged. You can tell it is a Hemmeter project with architectural similarities to the Hilton Waikoloa. We stayed two nights, separated by another stay at Wailea. The first check-in person was very enthusiastic and cheerful but the second, not so much. We were given a certificate for champagne for our anniversary, a nice touch, but were in a Priceline room. View of two parking lots from the two windows. (Did I mention the baby balconies?) Second time, we had a partial ocean view which was nice. Overlooked the luau! Free show from the baby balcony. First check-in resulted in Hyatt Gold Passport points for our meal charges and stay credit. Second time, no. Beds were just OK, nothing like a Westin Heavenly Bed. Rooms still decorated in browns of yore. Average size, new faucets, old furniture. Business center charged a mighty 65 cents per minute to use a computer. For the Priceline price, it was a deal. Maui is very expensive compared to the other islands. For retail of $350, it was a rip. So, I recommend it conditionally.