We stayed here the week before Christmas, which is not a busy time, so it was low key and relaxing--as it got busier, the pool area looked like it would be challenging to find a chair, and agree with other reviewers, there are not many shady spots. This is a hard review to write, because it is so mixed. I love hotels, and I am pretty picky about rooms and service. My Hawaii favorites are the Mauna Lani (big island) and Halekulani (Oahu)--this hotel is not in that category. Though we have stayed at Hyatt Regency Kauai many times, Kea Lani, and Sheraton Maui. Don't come here expecting service of a Kimpton or Four Seasons--and it's not the Mauna Lani or Halekulani. It's just not at that level. I read the TripAdvisor reviews very carefully before booking, so my expectations were set in the right place (not too high). Some other reviewers mentioned that the staff seems unhappy. I'd say maybe burnt out. A few little tweaks that would not cost the hotel money would make this a much better hotel and a much better review. The front desk was not enthusiastic; the towel cards are silly and the staff telling me I can only have one towel (when I pay $400/night and a "resort" fee) is a turn-off, insulting and sets a negative tone for me--of course, I made them give me more, but why do I have to negotiate on vacation? The breakfast wait staff for the buffet was mostly terrible (a few exceptions, of course)--when I did not want the buffet (ordered off the menu), but my son ordered it, they would not let me drink his coffee--it was ridiculous, since coffee was included. The exception to the apathetic service was the housekeeping staff--they were awesome--rooms were clean, refreshed, and they were always upbeat and friendly (I do tip the housekeepers); the bell desk was fine, too. We had a room in the Napili Wing, which I think is the best location at this property--it's quieter--the main building (Atrium) is right in the thick of things, and the ocean front views there are pretty, but look over the grounds--depends what you like. If you want ocean front at this property, you will have to book it--they are unlikely to upgrade you, and, the ocean view rooms I could see were very varied in what view you would have. We sat on our balcony quite a bit, watched the whales, and listened to the ocean all night. The renovated rooms are understated and very tasteful, but not luxurious, which was fine. I thought the food was too expensive. Yes, I get it, I'm at a hotel, but a few bucks cheaper and we would have eaten there much more, so I think the hotel loses money by way overpricing the food (when we stay at the Mauna Lani, for example, we eat there quite a bit). We ordered ice cream from room service one night. Three scoops of vanilla, sauce and nuts (they did not make it look nice, no whipped cream or cherry, no water on the tray) cost $20. Seriously. I could see $12 or even $15. So we learned our lesson-no eating at the hotel. We also ate lunch at the Umalu. Again, too expensive for what it was and how it was presented, and the mahi-mahi was not fresh. We just walked down the lovely boardwalk to Leilani's and Hula Grill many nights; also ate at Star Noodle, which was wonderful. There is no swimming beach, so I think next time we'd stay at the Sheraton. However, having said all of the above, this is a beautiful property. I love the old style of the buildings, the beautiful woodwork, the decor of the common areas, and the gardens, ponds, and birds are a nice touch. The pool staff come around occasionally with frozen otter pops (complimentary) and cold towels. Those were very nice touches, which I appreciated. So, overall, it's not a bad hotel. Very relaxing atmosphere, pretty grounds and pool, decent rooms. I think if the staff were more welcoming, and were trained to be more service-oriented (Kimpton or Four Seasons style) this place has the potential to be near-perfect. Shopping in the hotel (Macys) was kind of nice! So, I'm saying "I'd recommend to a friend," but with some reservations.