I've travelled all over - I'm a 1K flyer each year and have stayed is some swanky places. I'm 32 and been to Hawaii 8 times. I'm trying to demonstrate that I'm not a novice. This trip was my first to Maui though and I booked late - we ended up at the Hyatt for the day after Christmas - Jan 3, 2011. First thing, yes it is a hectic week. Regardless, the first day that we went to the pool it was chaotic. The hot tub had about 15 children in it...more like a toilet bowl. There weren't ANY chairs and there weren't attempts being made to assist the clearing of towels 'holding chairs'. My boyfriend got the 'all you can golf' package at the golf course across the way. It's not too long of a walk (10-15 minutes), but with clubs? There wasn't a shuttle or transportation offered. I ordered an omelet one morning - 40 minutes wait in the restaurant! For an omelet? It just seemed like we were lost in the shuffle without any attempt to provide those 'things' that make spending $3500 (plus the 2k for food/golf/etc.) worth it. Oh, the the cost of food is silly, but I'll forgive that because it is typical in Hawaii/resorts. But HERE IS THE WORST PART: we paid $300 for the New Year's Luau. I've been to 2 great luaus before in Kona...this was a JOKE> it started at 9PM (VIP was sold out so we were general admission) so we got there at 8:30. We couldn't even find the end of the line...HUNDREDS of people in it. We stood (me in heels) waiting until 9:30 without the line moving. We then decided to abort and went to the onsite restaurant and ate, had a drink THEN walked back to the Luau. We walked in, sat at a table (no decorations, nothing to make it nice) and our table STILL hadn't been called for the trough...I mean buffet! It was 10:30! We went over to look at the food - cheap slop. We were so far away from the stage (nice tree in part of my view) that it was worthless. We simply left. So, after the $100 at the restaurant and this $300...awesome night. I have to say, this resort simply goes through the motions and hopes you remain happy because of the view and the fact that you are in Hawaii. It's a pretty dated hotel though our room had been remodeled. Oh, and though the ocean is in front of the hotel, you have to walk down a ways to access sand/beach. If you can get a cheap deal and lower your expectations then stay here. But if a week trip for $5500 (hotel bill total) comes with expectations of luxury - go to the Ritz or Four Seasons or a boutique hotel.