We planned this trip through the AAA travel agent appointed for Hawaii trips (She's got a whole mess of complaints coming toward her but that's another story) However, I have to say the hotel was very nice when all was said and done, the grounds are beautiful, the pool is immaculate and the food at Umalu was delicious. Along with beautiful views all around, it was very lovely...now for my personal experience.... We went for our honeymoon and stayed at the Hyatt for 6 days. Having never been to Maui I was excited, though I do not like to submerge myself in the whole "tourist" attitude and attire. Kaanapali Beach is the ultimate tourist place and the Hyatt looked like most of the other hotels on the beach resort path. The birds in the lobby are beautiful. I thought they'd be noisy but they take them in at night so you don't have to worry about that. Our first night we got stuck in room 501, right next to the ice machine, with a very narrow door opening that was hard to squeeze us and our luggage through (we are not large people). The problem was that we could hear the ice machine right through the walls in our room. Constant noise like squeaky, running water pipes kept us up at odd intevals throughout the night. It got so bad we went to the lobby at 3:30am and pleaded that they let us change rooms. We were told by a very unhelpful desk worker that the hotel was completely full and the only room we could have was room 101....4 floors down next to that level's ice machine. I find it hard to believe that EVERY single room was filled, as it did not look that crowded the whole time we were there. We weren't looking for an upgrade, we just wanted a nights sleep after a very long flight. We were forced to go back to our room for the remainder of the night until 7am when another desk worker (Jennifer from Pennsylvania) was more helpful towards our problem and moved us to room 1629....a much quieter room with a better layout plan. The rooms in general seem very clean and comfortable. The cleaning crew does a great job and always leaves enough towels and other amenities. Our next surprise was when we were told to go to the Swan Court for our "free" breakfast that was included in our package. That was very nice, I enjoyed watching the little birds that flew in and out of the open air seating area. The service and food was good, but when we got a bill at the end we were shocked. It was over $60 for some fruit and a few strips of bacon and pancakes. We were told that all we had to do was sign it to verify that we got the breakfast. We both found this practice a bit peculiar though and had to question several staff members as well as the front desk management to make sure we wouldn't be recieving a charge at the end of our stay. We still felt obligated to tip our wait staff the usual 15% though, so inflating the charge to $60 made that higher too. Also...the snack bar in the rooms are on a weight sensor. I have never seen this either. My husband put our bag on top of the table next to it and one of the straps knocked off a Starburst package. We had to call the desk (again!) to make sure they knew we hadn't eaten it....no Starburst is worth $3 unless you're having a low blood sugar emergency. The parking in the hotel lot is so compact that you can barely maneuver in and out of the spaces even with small economy vehicles...and opening the car door is a difficult task as well. With most of the cars there probably being rental cars, I bet this is great for the rental companies to inspect to see how many door scratches and dings they can get you for when you return it. There's also limited spaces so if you do go out exploring anywhere on the island you have to come back at a reasonable hour otherwise you may not get a parking space. We had a late dinner one night and came back about 9pm and had to circle the lot for nearly 20 minutes until someone left. Upon checking out we were given a summary of charges and our "resort fee" was listed as $25/day. We were told by our not-so-competent travel agent that the fee was $15/day. Jennifer at the front desk again was very helpful and told us that was the old resort fee, but changed it for us without a fuss. Basically, I loved our trip, glad I got to see Maui, but I think I may try another hotel next time.