This was the third and last leg of an island hopping trip, our first trip to Hawaii. Our travel agent had booked this trip for us. We were looking forward to spending our final 5 nights on the Kaanapali Beach at the Hyatt. We expected this location to be the quiet and relaxing/mellow part of the trip. Wrong. We did not realize that this hotel was so large (800 plus rooms); we also did not realize that there were at least 6 other large resorts sitting side by side on this beach, along with a large number of condominiums. We soon learned that Kaanapali is a mile long stretch of beach packed with tourists. It reminded me of a luxury Myrtle Beach. Many of the tourists were very rude; people were even blowing their horns in the parking lots! This was not at all what I expected to find in Maui. The Hyatt resort itself was very beautiful but the size was overwhelming, and in some ways it was a bit over the top with the whole fantasy experience (e.g., penguins, in Hawaii?). The pool was great but the chairs filled up early in the morning. We reserved a beachfront cabana one day, and staff brought us drinks from the bar, along with complimentary ice water and fruit. The beach was pretty but quite narrow in front of the Hyatt. Our ocean front room was well appointed and large enough. We had excellent service throughout the resort. We had a lovely dinner in Son'z Maui at Swan Court. The Swan Court breakfast buffet was tasty but very pricey and very crowded; we preferred the Halona Kai coffee bar. The rest of our meals were at the nearby Whalers Village (walking distance) or in Lahaina. The free self-parking lot was always full, so we had to pay for valet parking every day. We used the travel services to book tours to Hana and Haleakala; we also booked 2 snorkeling excursions(Molokini and Honolua Bay). I am so glad we had to chance to experience Maui beyond Kaanapali Beach. Those off site excursions left us with the aloha spirit that we had hoped to find at the resort(but didn't). The Hyatt was beautiful, but if I were to return to Maui, I would prefer to stay at a smaller hotel in a less crowded part of the island.