My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the last part of our honeymoon for 6 nights. When we arrived we were overcome by the beautiful sites/landscape of the property, however we found it so big, we got lost trying to find our room, and the fitness area (which was at least a 10 minute walk for us). The room itself was nothing special and sort of outdated. The view outside the room was good (mostly trees were blocking our ocean view though) but there is really no beachfront so it was hard for us to enjoy the days at the beach, worrying if the water would wash our stuff into the ocean. The pool is big and nice though, however, people seem to leave their towels on the chairs early in the morning to "reserve" them. We got the free breakfast buffet included, otherwise we would have not eaten at the hotel for breakfast as they charge $30 pp for breakfast. We ate at the swan court one day and never went back as it took our waitress 20 minutes to get to our table to leave us coffee. Then we ate at umalu which was more of a self serve buffet which we preferred. It had a little bit less than Swan court but still enough to be satisfied. The only thing is that birds will swarm your breakfast so I had to make sure to swat the birds away as my husband went up for more food, vice versa. Also, We were promised as honeymooners, a lei upon check in which i had to request since they did not provide one for us, and we thought they would give us a free bottle of champagne but it turns out all they give is a coupon to their restaurant which you had to ask for it there. if you didn't want to eat at the restaurant at the hotel (which we did not) then you pretty much did not get the champagne. They also tried to charge us a $25 resort fee per day, when we booked we were told it was $15 so i got the front desk to change this. I just think its ridiculous that they charge this amount per day for the use of the gym and the morning newspaper. The location itself though was good as it was close to Lahaina which is where all the shopping/restaurants are. If i ever go back to maui i would probably stay at another hotel. Note to honeymooners- there are a lot of families and kids so if you are looking to be catered w/ couples only i would suggest going to a Sandals instead.