Overall, the hotel, location, and service were good. Now, for specifics: Hotel - The grounds are beautiful! The open-air lobby, landscaping and exotic animals are such a nice touch. Staff - Very friendly and accomodating. We were celebrating our birthdays and received a bottle of champagne on the second night of our stay. Room - Average. I've seen several other reviews saying the rooms were outdated and dirty. We had no major problems with our room. It was clean, we had a partial ocean view (room 608) which had a beautiful view of the grounds, ocean, and palm trees. Two minor complaints with the room, the bed is very soft so it may not be uncomfortable for those with back problems and housekeeping was generally late in cleaning the rooms. Others have commented on the size of the bathroom as well. The toilet/shower area is combined and a little small, but no big deal (although I would expect more from a 4-star resort). The dressing/vanity area is much larger but don't touch the snack tray Location - Very good location. Walking distance to Whaler's Village and just a short drive to Lahaina. The walk to Whaler's Village is very nice, down a lighted path that passes several major hotels and/timeshares. Food - We had the breakfast buffet (included with our room) daily and it was very nice and the location, Swan Court was just beautiful. A very calm and relaxing setting. We also had appetizers poolside at Umalu', also very nice. One complaint, the drinks were a little weak. Beach - As others have commented, the beach front is narrow/erroding but still beautiful and you're still able to take a nice stroll along the water. Gym - Well equipped and you can't beat the ocean view. Biggest complaint - no WiFi in the rooms (without surcharge). Should be included in the $15.00 daily resort fee. Also, the business center is run by a vendor seperate from the hotel and there is a .65 per minute internet usage charge. The hotel has one computer (in the lobby) dedicated for guests to print boarding passes and the like but it was not working for the duration of our stay and the hotel made no other arrangements for the guests. We had a very pleasant, hassle-free stay and would return.