I had previously stayed at this hotel in the late 1990's and decided to do so again from 9-17 January 2010. The lush tropical setting and the (mostly Chinese) artwork are undiminished, but the interior of the hotel is badly faded and sorely in need of renovation. The "deluxe oceanfront" room in which we stayed had dirty carpeting; scuffed wooden and dirty upholstered furnishings; an outdated bathroom with a white enameled tub, white plastic shower curtain, and single-sink vanity. Basic amenities, such as cotton buds and shower caps, were initially absent, and we had to ask for them as well as for sufficient bath soap for two adults spending 8 nights in the room. Only one single bar of bath soap and one bar of hand soap had been provided. Further, the cleanliness of the bathroom floor was anything but spotless. Meal and beverage prices, and especially the cost of special events sponsored by, or sold through the hotel's tour/concierge desk, such as a luau and a Molokai ferry-rental car package, were nothing short of outrageous. As a result, aside from daily breakfast and the luau, we had all meals outside the hotel, and we explored the island in our rental car. We had no difficulty finding excellent, reasonably-priced restaurants on the island, and needed no overpriced, escorted land or air tours to explore almost everything on Maui that was worth exploring (other than areas that are inaccessible by car). We were especially disappointed by the cavalier, unhelpful attitude of the front desk staff. In spite of the fact that I am a Hyatt Gold Passport holder, the front desk staff refused to arrange for a box breakfast, even a continental one, to replace the included buffet breakfast we had to miss on the day of out trip to Molokai (booked through the hotel)! Nor would the front desk staff accommodate my request for a 1 PM (instead of 12 PM) checkout on the day of departure, which would have been much appreciated because of our 6 PM flight time. I will definitely think twice before staying at another Hyatt hotel, and use my Hilton or Starwood Hotels membership card next time.