I'm a loyal tripadvisor reader and reviewer and I've just returned from my annual two week golf vacatin/stay in Hawai'i. This year I was at the Hyatt Regency Ka'anapali. Last year I was at the Westin Ka'anapali. Thought it might be helpful if I compare the two resorts since they have essentially the same price point and location and clientele. Feel free to send me any questions that you may have about the Ka'anapali area as I kinda' know the area pretty well now. I've also stayed in Wailea and on Lana'i if you have questions. Aloha. Lobby: The Hyatts lobby is superior to the Westins. No doubt about that. They have Penguins, Fish, Birds, Flamingos and it's a grand atrium style with the walkways for some of the rooms looking down into it. The Hyatt also has a mini mall with a Macys, Convenience Store, Sunglass Hut etc. The Westin is more of a traditional lobby with a pond and birds and such. Don't get me wrong, the Westin is fine but the Hyatt is bigger and better. (PICK: HYATT) Pool: The Hyatts pool setup to me wasn't nearly as nice as the Westin. It was really two pool areas. The main adult pool with a swim thru grotto into the kids pool. The Westin is really a series of different smaller pools with two of them being connected. I never had a problem finding a chair at the Westin but the Hyatt definately had people coming down at 7am and getting a towel and putting it on a chair and leaving it. I would come down at 8am and couldn't get a chair. Never had this problem at the Westin (PICK WESTIN) Rooms: Both gave me an upgrade from the minimum that I purchased to what could be called Partial Ocean View. I did like the beds at the Westin better and yes the bathrooms are smaller at the Hyatt but I think its because of the layout. The mirror/sinks are not INSIDE the bathrooms at the Hyatt. They are outside so only the toilet and shower are inside the bathroom so its small. The Westin is nice because everything is inside the bathroom area and the toilet had a seperate door to boot. (PICK: WESTIN) Housekeeping: Both cleaned my room daily and replenished my lotions/soaps and such as needed. No bugs in either room (PICK: EVEN) Location: To me this one is a no-brainer. The Hyatt is located at one end of the Ka'anapali resort. The Sheraton is at the other. The Westin is in the middle "closer to Sheraton actually". The entire stretch is a mile in length and has a nice paved beachwalk to jog/walk etc. The area is fronted by the famous Ka'anapali beach. However, the beach area in front of the Hyatt has been washed away but years of errosion and therefore there is no sandy beach by the Hyatt. On the other hand, the beach area that fronts the Westin is absolutely fantastic. Now, you can walk from all the resorts and use any stretch of beach that you want as all beaches are public in hawaii. But for convenience, I prefered the Westin. Also, the Westin is right next to Whalers Village for all your shopping/drinking/dining needs. (PICK: WESTIN) Fees: Both have a MANDATORY daily resort fee which really bothers me. The Hyatt was $15 per day for essentially a copy of the Maui Times newspaper. Supposedly it covers free use of the gym (if I want to use the gym then charge me for it. Don't charge me for not using it which I didn't). Coffee in my room was undrinkable. I went to the lobby to the Starbucks and paid $4 for a medium black each day. My room had basic cable in it. I use an IPhone and it worked great anywhere on Maui so no idea about paying for high speed Inet. Bottom line is, they both charge you $15/day. (PICK: EVEN) Other: The Hyatt has an open lobby/atrium as I mentioned above. Therefore, if it rains or whatever, it comes inside the lobby area where there is foliage etc. Now, it didn't rain while I was there but the entire atrium and lobby smelled like oil/diesel for the entire two weeks that I was there. The moment that I left my room and was walking to the elevators, I would smell oil. I would walk to the lobby to get coffee and come back smelling like diesel. One day, there was dark black smoke billowing from the roof top. I turned to one of the employees in the lobby and pointed up thru the atrium and said, should we be worried? Is there a fire. He said, no its just the air conditioning unit or something. All I know is, the entire lobby smelt horrible during my stay. Like being on an oil platform for two weeks. (PICK: WESTIN)