Just like the Hyatt in Kauai, we were disappointed with the Hyatt in Maui. The location was reminiscent of a strip of hotels on Myrtle Beach or Miami. The beach at the hotel is nice but you can't really walk in it bc of sharp rocks. There isn't much sand to sit on either. Pool is neat but there are children everywhere. Even in late September, we were inundated with families and small children. This hotel had only one hot tub and no "adults only" section. There were kids in the hot tub along with other honeymooners who looked so annoyed and most got out after a couple minutes of small kids with their clueless parents splashing about. Not very honeymoon-esque. The only place to have adults-only kind of romance and relaxation is the room, so why spend $500 per night?? The hotel reception area and lobby feel like a time warp. It's just a little strange and hard to describe, but I did enjoy the parrots, penguins and flamingos walking about on the grounds. Parking is a pain, too. The lot is close enough to the reception area so we opted to self-park and save ourselves $10/night, but the spaces are so narrow and there are so many cars taking up 2 spots so one night we had no choice but to valet. We had a pretty good room on the 19th floor overlooking the beach. On a nightly and sometimes daily basis, we had hte displeasure of having our room fill up wiht cigar smoke from a nearby room, so we had to close our 2 patio doors. Not cool. When we called the front desk to complain, they said they'd "look into it" since it's a non-smoking hotel, but the cigar smoke was there every day and night. Thanks to our rude neighbor for ruining our delightful Hawaiian air! The restaurant, Sonz at Swan Court was REALLY good. Delicious, quiet dinner and good service. They have the breakfast buffet in that same restaurant in the morning, and it's pretty good, but they need to offer more variety day-to-day for the folks who are there for more than a night or two. Get your snorkel gear off the resort property. We were fools and paid $20/day EACH for snorkle gear -- the same stuff that local places charge $5/day for. You have to go up to Black Rock Beach at the Sheraton to get good snorkeling near the Hyatt.