WHen you pull up to the hotel it is BEAUTIFUL. Everything about the grounds is amazing and it is well taken care of. There are store that are open late so if you forget anything you can always walk around in the lobby and buy stuff. There is also a MACY's in the lobby. If you are interested laying on the beach... NOT POSSIBLE here with a beach chair. the water is so rough and the waves hit almost right where the tiny sand beach is. YOu can put a towel down but no beach chairs. The water is NOT calm nor is it a place where you can take a dip- pool only at this hotel. Our room was just okay..... It was our honeymoon so I would have liked something a little better. We also stayed in Kauai at the HYatt which was about 100% better than this hotel. I"m not really all that picky when it comes to hotel rooms since we really don't spend all that much time in the room but I was very disappointed for the $. It definitely needs a renovation. The bathroom (toilet and shower) were literally on top of each other which was awkward trying to get out of the shower and getting out of the bathroom you had to squeeze to open the door past the toilet. There were ants in our room- a lot of them. We didn't complain so I'm not sure what they would have done about it. I jsut didn't really care all that much but if I saw them near the bed I woudl have. Not sure how you get aunts on the 11th floor? The bar next to the pool is really cool and they have live music playing during the week. We sat at the bar a lot. they make the best Lava Flows ever. Also, the location of this hotel was good. We rented a car which is greatly recommend to everyone and the town of Laheina (sp?) is only about a 3 min drive. It's adorable and so much to do including food, drinks, clothes, etc. For the money, the Sheraton which we walked past looked much nicer but I didn't see the rooms. They have a much nicer beach where they sell snorkeling gear at black rock. If we ever make it back we will go to the sheraton or stay in the town on Laheina. THe spa is VERY ncie here but it's on the other side of the resort.