Like many others have mentioned here, after reading many of the reviews, I was nervous about my decision to choose this hotel. It is rated a four-star hotel, but I don't know that I could say that in good faith after my stay. Upon arrival we received leis and upon learning it was our honeymoon were given a free photo album. They also sent a bottle of champagne up to the room which was much appreciated. Unfortunately our room was directly (and I cannot emphasize enough how directly) above the luau stage, and so we were "treated" to the very very very loud luau from 5-8 pm for seven consecutive nights. Luckily we were usually out to dinner during that time so we could escape. We also found some crushed up Dorito's and a spider web on the floor, which reminded me of some other reviews here, but I didn't even care to ask for a new room since I had already unpacked. I was also a bit upset because we valeted the car for $20 the first night after being told that there was "very limited parking", but once we discovered the virtually abandoned free self-parking lot, we never valeted the car again. You can tell that this hotel, like all of them right now in Maui, are being hit hard by this economy. Restaurants that normally require reservations sat virtually empty and allowed walk-ins. We arranged for a romantic dinner at the hotel's fine dining restaurant, Son'z, and I was disappointed to find that there were only 2 servers for about 15 tables. Service was devastatingly slow, and the food only so/so. We found much better restaurants off-site. I wanted to drink and enjoy my honeymoon but all three of the hotel's restaurants had such slow service that I was never even asked if I wanted a second drink until we were ready for the check. This was actually true of most the restaurants we visited...I think the pace in Maui is just much much slower than ours. The only other disappointment was that the pool had insufficient seating. All of the seats were taken by 8:30 am, so we only visited the pool once during our week-long stay. The pool policy was that you only leave a towel unattended for 60 minutes to reserve a seat, which I think was ridiculous because that's what happened to all of the seats...someone scouted before breakfast and then left the seat "saved", for much longer than an hour I might add. I didn't appreciate that at all. For what we paid, about $500/$600 for the cheapest room during peak season, I would have expected so much more. The location was good, as it was close to all the restaurants, but if you want a better caliber of hotel, I'd suggest the Wailea 5-stars instead.