Arrived and informed about valet/self parking. We chose self and never had a problem finding parking( stay was only 3 nights). Checked in and paid an unbelievable low price for an upgrade to ocean front regency club suite.Elevators worked fine( they have a bowl of candy there everyday?!)( we used the stairs for exercise), room was 21st floor atrium tower, corner suite with 2 balconies, sitting area , king bed, frig, robes, twin sinks, evening turn-down service. Toilet and shower together in a VERY small space. Mauna Loa candy and photo album arrived compliments of management.Regency club includes evening snacks and cocktails, morning continental breakfast, afternoon cookies and drinks. It was perfect! The hotel is wonderful to walk around in with all the birds, plants, bridges, pool is fantastic with waterfalls,swim up bar in grotto, a sand beach ,swinging bridge, kiddy area, deepest area of pool is 9 feet, juccuzi near pool. Had lunch at only restaurant opened besides pool area, both had chicken salads that were ok, that was our only meal at the Hyatt.The construction everyone is talking about is at the pool, they are building another restaurant, it does not impact the hotel stay at all in my opinion. After walking the path towards Whalers Village, realized Hyatt has no beach, just a small area to the left of the resort, that is where the fitness center is( huge, modern), and also where to go for jet-skis.Hammocks on the grounds, cabanas for rent, both are great for watching the sunset. Only one day the pool police were in force. They first place a note on your chaise of the time and state that your belongings will be removed in one hour, it took about two hours for this to happen as the couple next to us came back just in time as they came around. We agreed with them to watch each other for the day.Heard construction noise but with the pool music, waterfalls, etc it drowned it out, plus we were sitting right next to it, very few shaded areas.Arm bands are given to you when you get pool towels Cold towels and ice pops passed around the pool. The hotel has a Macys which has tons of bathing suits, + mens and women resort wear.Viewed a wedding near the flamingo area one day, they beat drums, blow conch shell, looked very nice. We did laundry one day, $2 wash,$2 dry, soap for purchase.Lobby level. A very pleasant experience.