The property is really big with a nice jungle like lobby. It had live talking parrots everywhere, some penguins, flamingos and African cranes, which was really cool to watch. The hotel for a honeymoon isn't the greatest place. The rooms are small and we didn't have a great view from our balcony. We asked to upgrade but the staff wasn't to accomodating, unlike the Hyatt in Oahu, whose staff was great. On the otherhand the pool is really nice and huge w/ a slide. In spite of all the reviews talking about how there were never any lounge chairs, we never had a problem finding chairs. In fact, we'd have breakfast at around 10 or 10:30 and we'd go to the pool right after and right away find a place to lounge. Food: The Sonz inside the hotel is really good for dinner. The breakfast buffet is just okay and it costs about $60 for 2 ppl- totally NOT worth it for an omelet and some orange juice. The location of the hotel is not bad however. It's in the city of Ka'anapali and there really isn't one central location in Maui, so anyplace you stay will have something for you. In Ka'anapali, we had Whalers Village for shopping which is right by the Hyatt, so that was convenient. Whalers is just an outdoor shopping mall- but kinda small and no big deal itself, but nice for walking. Now if you are looking for a great beach, the Hyatt is not your place. The beach by the Hyatt only good for walking along the shore but you can't really swim as the waves are pretty intense and the waters are rocky. For Maui in general, it's really boring, especially if you just come from Waikiki in Oahu. If you are into quietness, outdoor activities such as hiking, etc and being lazy by the beach all day, then you'll like Maui (remember it's very quiet here- we were in bed by 10/11pm everynight). All activities are far away from each other. If you want to drive to Wailea (for the 4 Seasons & upscale shopping) or Hana (for outdoor sightseeing) , it's b/w an hour or 3 hours drive no matter where u stay in Maui. If I ever come back to Maui, I would not stay at the Hyatt again. However, the only thing that would bring me back would be the pool.