I stayed at the Hyatt for a friend's wedding so got a great group rate. Had it not been for that fact, I would have been disappointed. The rooms are fine, and the common areas are beautiful. But there are more negatives than positives about this resort. As a previous poster noted, the maid service leaves much to be desired. I too think all they do is make the beds. There were empty cocktail glasses (complete with leftover garnish of orange and maraschino cherry speared on a plastic palm tree) that were not removed from our room for two days. Sometimes they brought toiletries; sometimes they did not. Service in general was lax. You rarely saw a Hyatt employee outside of the pool area and the Regency Club. The lanais are tiny. Barely enough room for a small table and two chairs, but we had a great view of the ocean and pool from ours. The pool area is nice enough, but too small for the resort apparently. The Hyatt has jammed in the maximum number of deck chairs possible to accommodate guests, but it makes for a crowded feel. Like a NYC subway crowded feel. Same with the pool itself. There were so many people oddly just standing around in the pool, trying to swim in it was like navigating a mine field. Food and drinks at the pool and at the various restaurants at the Hyatt were prohibitively expensive. Last complaint was the beach. There are tons of beautiful beaches on Maui. I think my husband and I saw all of them. The beach outside the Hyatt is likely the least attractive beach on Maui. Not much the Hyatt can do about it, but don't go here expecting a picture postcard perfect beach. Looks more like the beaches along the coasts of Florida. Water is ugly and cloudy and there is mysterious debris all over the beach - black nut shells or something. Anyway, walk down maybe 10 minutes north to the main part of Kaanapali beach and you'll get your picture perfect beach. Or do as we did and explore the island to find your own relatively secluded beach with crystal clear turquoise waters, gentle surf and great snorkeling. Unless I got the deep discount rate again, I would definitely not be back to the Hyatt again. Its not that we had a bad experience, far from it, but for what people pay as the rack rate at this hotel, they deserve top notch everything and this was not top notch anything.