To start, have visited the island of Maui, twice. The first time stayed 10 days at the Fairmont Kea Lani. This time stayed 7 days at the Hyatt in Kannapali (Deluxe Ocean View) and then stayed 4 days at the Grand Wailea ( Delxue Ocean View) and then 4 days at the Four Seasons. ( Partial Ocean View). All 4 four hotels have there pros and cons. My favourite spot is still Wailea... more laid back, more high end shopping. Kaanapali is more resort town for me, more your every day shopping. Anyways, All room rates are approx the same $ 500- $600 US dollars I definately would rate the Four Seasons as the first choice, followed by a close second Kea Lani or the Grand Wailea( more for the families) and finally the Hyatt in Kaanapali. I will write about each hotel in the individual site. So check those out if you like. Service: Service was average. Got to the front desk. Bell man was helpful and friendly taking up bags and showing room features. Room: Not Clean, dusty Disappointing for the price you pay. we got the Deluxe ocean view room excellent ocean view. but room was poor especially bathroom. I was expecting his her sinks and separate tub and shower.... but It was tub/shower combo and on arrival there was mold on the shower curtain. Called front desk they came to change it right away but for the room rate you pay room cleanliness is poor,poor.poor So I guess you are paying for the view. hallways don't seem clean. Old decor in hallways. You can call for a mini fridge for N/C or at least when we stayed at the hotel so you can store your water/snacks you buy at the village or safeway. Good way to save $$$. Pool: Still feel the Grand Wailea has the best pool but Kids seem to love this pool there is an cave and kids play area. Not alot of privacy as around 4:00 alot of traffic as people are heading to the Luau so you get alot of stares as people walk to the Luau. Nice pool area. pool service was visible I can tell you now the type of crowd in Kaanapali is different than Wailea. There were people trying to bring there own liquor on the pool area and the waitress would prevent them if they caught them. Some nice spots along the grounds great views of sunset. It is on the quieter end of the kaanapali beach. Not much people seem to spend time on beach as you need to pay for the cabanas? ( why? since you don't as the four seasons for the same room rate? you go figure ?) Beach: Nice sandy beach, rocky beach bottom. We saw lots of action on this beach. parasailing, jet skis beach is more active than in Wailea but that is because the beach is shared by a whole chain of hotels. Nice walking distance to whalers village for shopping and snacks. Honest truth. The price you pay for this hotel. Service was averge but the rooms need to be upgraded. Hotel decor is outdated. Grounds are nice. If you like lots of people watching and entertainment and good food, you will like the resort feeling Kaanapali. Would recommend for families. honeymooners but for travellers looking for some quiet time and VIP service look towards Wailea....