After much research on this board and others, choose the Hyatt to stay at for 7 day spring break in April for the 4 of us -- 2 kids ages 5 and 10. Took Speedishuttle from airport, great service and cheap. Checkin at 8pm on a Saturday night after 5 hr direct flight from Phx. We booked room for cheap price through costco -- we not expecting much, so no surprise when arrived in room. Very dated, musty, old fixtures, virtually no "lania". We asked to me moved on second night to room across the hall, which was on the ground floor, over looking gardens. The front desk clerk offered to do it for an upgrade, but I pointed out that the reason we wanted to move was because the noise from the events outside our window going on until late at night and the kids could not sleep. She moved us, the room was still old and musty, but the kids could walk out the sliding glass doors to play in the grass. So to us, the room was fabulous! We had the breakfast deal, so ate every morning at the swan court. They charged us $12 each for the kids. Food ok. Palm Court kind of gross with the birds flying around. The pools were a total miss. The sandy beach area was too babyish for my 5 year old, and the other side of the pool was 9 feet deep - so too deep for the 10 year old. So they had to play in the 3ft water - which was underneath the artificial "cave" structure. We spent 2 days sneaking into the Marriott pool, which in my opinion was much more family friendly. The kids enjoyed the beach down in front of Whalers Village as well. There really is no beach in front of the Hyatt, and what is there has rocks. We also walked down to Whalers Village for most of our other meals. There is a McDonalds there with limited menu. My kids liked "Hula Grill" and we ate there about every day. Then went to Haagen Daz for dessert. We attended the Luau at the Hyatt, and since my kids are used to Disney Cruise entertainment, they thought it incredibly boring. I thought it was ok, nothing great. We did purchase the pics they took. My husband and I both play tennis, so we went to the tennis clinic a few times. The pro was very nice, didn't really provide useful game improvement suggestions. Tennis Facilities very nice. There was no attempt to set up any matches though. The racquets available were very old and worn, so if you are a serious player, bring your own. I agree the workout room at the Hyatt was VERY nice. Too bad it did not carry over into the hotel rooms. Took the shuttle several times into Lahina, it was hit or miss whether it showed up. It stops outside all the hotels once per hour, and if you catch it, it's just $1 to get to Lahina. We did the Sugar Cane train. That was a waste. The only sugar cane was a 6 foot patch in the middle of the road. The kids didn't even like it. Took speedishuttle back to airport, again they were on time and service was good. Overall, a relaxing vacation. Would probably look at the Westin or Marriott if we went back.