The Good: your room will be large, nicely furnished with a walk in closet and a really great layout. If you choose to try it, your spa experience will be nicer (and more expensive) than expected. ditto for your shopping experience. The decor and landscaping are truly beautiful. I could stand and watch the koi ponds in that beautiful open air setting forever! the kaanapalli trolley is free and fun and stops at all (and they do mean all!) the hotels and whalers village. The people who work at aloha services are awesome for booking tours. The beauty of Swan Court will take your breath away. If you have kids who like to swim, you have found your shangri-la. They even have camp hyatt and a large arcade room. The Bad: despite a generous tipping regimine, the housekeeping was dismal, no turndown, no horizontal surface wiped, but I was only there for a week. If you do not have kids you have found your nightmare. You will be kicked and cannonballed by approximately 1,000 unsupervised 8 year olds if you attempt to enjoy the pool. Beware grown-ups, those 12 and under rule here, adults are the minority, the interlopers. Need for adults only pool, more towel stations, waitresses, bathrooms, is blatantly obvious. Highly disorganized room charging/identification method. Do I carry the paper passport, room key, wristband...would someone tell me what the heck is going on here?The concierge is weak(see aloha services above). daily resort fee 15 bucks, cocktails 10 bucks, workout class 10 bucks, complimentary bottle of water upon arrival 5 bucks (get the picture?). Your food, aside from swan court, will be horrid. The charming sounding 5 minute beach stroll you hear of is a 20-30 minute treck (if you are not a marathoner or want to wear high heels check out the afformentioned trolley.) The Ugly: formerly free to roam, exotic birds are now sadly caged and harrassed by afformentioned 8 year olds. The beach is unusable and for the sliver they do have the Hyatt chooses to charge it's guests $30 per day to have a chaise on it. The public transportation is very unreliable (not the hotels fault, just a problem) taxi to lahaina 12 bucks, public bus 1 buck, if it comes, which it often doesn't. You will see other bus routes advertised. they do not exist. believe me, i waited. Only lahaina and back. Major theivery exists around the pool area. None of the employees will mention they have free lockers there, maybe because it is the only uncharged extra! Ask at the towel desk. The facts: I was here the end of August, misguidedly thinking schools were back in session. I am in my mid thirties and enjoy staying at finer hotels and travel on a fairly regular basis, sometimes for biz, but mostly for pleasure. i stayed in the napilli tower 7th floor. While I liked my room, this is not a luxury hotel. This is a great hotel if you have kids and don't want luxury. I still think the price is way to high for what they offer. I paid 385-335 depending on the night. do go to see the show ula lena, wherever you stay. the show is playing at the maui theatre in lahaina and it is really, really good. The treck for a decent meal became irritating.The Hyatt closes all but one restaurant every evening... in high season. i could not believe it. one is open tuesday and thursday, another open only mon, wed, fri, a bizzare situation i have never encountered elsewhere. If I stay on kaanapalli again i'll probably try the westin, but I'm thinking of Kihei or Wailea next time. If I want the noise and crowds of this place I'll go to Vegas where I can get twice the hotel room for half the price and maybe win some $$$ too!