We stayed at the Ka'anapali Beach Hotel for 5 nights in February 2012. Our family of 4 booked one room with 2 beds. We have good friends who've been coming here with their families for many, many years because it's a great value and the hospitality is absolutely amazing. We first checked in and received a room in the oldest (read: original) wing of the hotel. Yikes. We were on a first floor, partial ocean view room. The room was dark, the paint peeling, The bathroom tiny with no tub, just a shower stall. Not what we expected or wanted with 2 young kids. We politely asked for a different room (we don't like 1st floor for security/safety reasons and we wanted a tub to bathe our 2 young kids). After the second request, they found a way to move us. The second room was great. It was in the newest wing. The lighting, paint, furniture, bathroom, were all very good. It was on the 4th floor so the view and light were great. If you stay here -- PLEASE ask for the new wing! The main restaurant was good for the breakfast buffet. Nothing outstanding, but reasonably god food at a reasonable price. Even better if you book a package rate with vouchers included. The Tiki Grill offers fine pub food and reasonably priced and potent drinks. The staff is truly amazing. As I said, they are polite, knowledgable, and genuine. They are open about sharing their culture and offer many ways for adults and kids alike to learn about it. They claim recognition for being the "Most Hawaiian Hotel" and from my dozen trips to Hawaii in 20 years, I would agree. Our kids loved the passport program where they got to collect stamps for learning and doing different things around the hotel. The pool is tiny but is fine for young kids' entertainment for an hour a day, but it's definitely not a fancy resort pool. I'll be honest that with kids 6 and 8, I kind of missed that. The beach is steps away and an activities shack for snokeling & scuba trips sits on-property. Convenient! Overall, I would recommend this hotel for couples and older (middle aged to senior singles) and young families on a budget. Also for anyone who values hospitality and value over fancy rooms and amenities. It might be just what you are looking for.