We just stayed here 4 nights from 1/28 through 2/1/2012. We came here from the Four Seasons on Lanai which was beautiful and wonderful, so we had been spoiled. When we walked into the lobby of the Kannapali Beach Hotel, we were very disappointed. It is small, boring, and dated. They gave us a room in the Molokai wing even though I had requested one in the newly renovated Kauai wing, but they had upgraded us to a partial ocean view room. It was very dreary and depressing. The hallways were narrow with low ceilings, and the best word to describe it was dreary. The rooms were decorated in brown and beige with dark blue and white bedspread. Why in the world wouldn't you use "pretty colors" in Hawaii? We went over to the Kauai wing and the hallways were taller and wider and it looked alot better, alothough still not "pretty". When we checked in, they said that we could be moved to Kauai wing in 2 days. However, we decided to go back and press the issue. We told them we would like to be moved or we wanted to leave the next morning. They then found us a room in the Kauai room which was much better. They bill themselves as "the most Hawaiian Hotel on Maui", however, in reality, I think that is just trying to put a nice spin on the fact that the hotel needs a serious redo. In their defense, the rates were probably significantly cheaper than the other hotels on the Kannapali Beach strip, but after you spend all the money and time and effort to get there, you want a nice place to stay. The hotel we came from on Lanai was about $15.00 more per night and 20 times nicer. They charge for beach chairs, etc not so in Lanai. We ate 3 meals there and all 3 were average or below. My husband said he liked his meal okay the first night, however. And the prices were not cheap. We did the Sunday buffet brunch which was $39.00 each, and it was quanity over quality in my opinion. It was the most expensive meal we had on our trip but nowhere near the best. Plus, the service was terrible. I was having to get my own drinks, no one was checking on us to see if we needed refills, they were not clearing our used plates, etc. Yet, when the bill came, they were suggesting your tip which was over 20%. It was a buffet for pete's sake and the service was terrible. The people are nice but they don't know good service. On the pro side, the hotel is well located and our room ended up being convenient. The people at the concerige desk were nice. We had not been to Maui in 27 years and I could not believe how much more "crowded" it was and over built. They are turning paradise into a concrete jungle. I prefer less crowded beach areas. Lanai was alot nicer for about the same price, although Maui is still beautiful. Can't beat the sunsets on Kaanapali Beach. We did not have a car there, they were sold out, so we had to use the bus. Another good thing about this hotel is it is near Whaler's Village which has a bus stop. For 2 bucks, you can hop on and off all day and it worked okay. If we went back, I might just get a car for part of the days when we wanted to drive far away. This was a significant savings. We went on a whale watch with Pacific Whale Foundation. A piece of advice. Go early and join the foundation. You get a free admission and a free tee shirt plus priorirty boarding, etc., and it all totals about what you would pay for one admission. I didn't realize this until after we were already on the boat. If I went back to Kannapali Beach, I would try to stay at the Sheraton, the Hyatt or the Westin. They all were very nice in terms of their grounds and lobby, but I did not see the rooms. I probably would not go back to this hotel unless I knew they had had a serious redo.