If you are looking for the full resort experience with all the shops, spas, restaurants and amenities, then this hotel is not for you. But if you have plans to actually DO things during your Maui stay, then this may be the right choice. Average is the best I can say about the experience. The rooms are average - there was an average king bed, a "couch" that could double as a twin bed if needed, a balcony facing a condo building with an average partial eastern ocean view, and an abysmal bathroom that suggested memories of my Motel 6 experiences of the past. They chintzed on the shampoo, no cream rinse and only one pack of coffee per day. As we stayed during Christmas break due to a family function, it was high season, and there are many babies, kids and early teeners along with your slew of oldsters camped outside the pool area. The only in house restaurant is the open air Tiki Terrace, where they serve average quality menu meals and a really bad overpriced breakfast buffet. Skip it and go to LuLu's 5 miles down the road - excellent and half the price. The other aggravation was the never-ending Hawaiian "entertainment" - bad singers wailing Hawaiian songs and pre-pubescent dance troupes gyrating traditional dances badly. It gave us the impetus to leave and seek dinner elsewhere as fast as we could get out. But this place markets themselves as "Hawaii's most Hawaiian Hotel" so I guess you asked for it. It just really gets old after day 2. That said, we came to Maui for the diving, whales and other activities. We would leave as early as 5:00 AM and return late with no hassles. The paved beach walk gave us access to many of the other hotels' eateries and a rental car gets you into Lahaina. The parking garage was a good addition and easy access from our room. So we never stayed in the hotel or beach very long unless we were cleaning up or sleeping. Take that in mind, and the hotel is a better bargain than the other resorts. As lots of the dives leave from Kihei, if we ever come back this way we will check out that area for hotels and save ourselves a 50 mile commute each time.