My husband and I stayed here for the first three nights of our visit to Maui in March 2011 and I had chosen to stay based on the tripadvisor reviews and the affordability - the later part of our trip was to be at the Ritz Carlton Kapalua so we wanted to save a bit on the front end. Overall we enjoyed our time there and you honestly cannot beat the price or the location, so I would recommend it for those reasons. However, if you are used to newer accommodations or higher-end items, this is not the place for you and you may be disappointed. The hotel prides itself on being Maui's most Hawaiian hotel, but I didn't feel that. It may be the most simple and down to earth one, but we met plenty of lovely folks from Maui at our other accommodation too. What we loved - the view and location!! We booked a pool view and had a gorgeous pool and ocean view to watch sunsets from - though every night standing by the pool or beach was typically where you'd want to be. Gorgeous sunsets. Easy walk to Whalers Wharf with restaurants and shops was a great plus - and they have a shuttle bus there for $1 that takes you into Lahaina - awesome deal! Cab fares are very expensive on the island. What we didn't like - I like newer feeling hotels. Everything was clean - it just felt very dated. Again, if you don't mind that, this is a great reasonable option. Also, I left a drawer full of clothes in our room. Totally my fault - when we moved to the next hotel later in the week I realized it immediately and called the KBH to have them check and just felt like it was more difficult than normal to do. I called Housekeeping - they said they hadn't found anything so I had to ask them to please go to the room and look in the drawer. Then I had to call back. Again, I would think they'd call me to say they found it. Again, my fault but higher end places would be going above and beyond to assist in my opinion. Sure enough they had it and put it in a bag for me which was nice (again, it was MY fault) - but then you compare that to excellent service (Ritz Kapalua) - who sent a driver at no cost down to the hotel to pick up my stuff for me and bring it back to my room. Again, grounds, location, price are unbeatable - just don't expect new and shiny. And I didn't feel any over the top service. Just regular.