We enjoyed 12 days at Kaanapali Beach Hotel. Is it the Ritz? Not by a long shot. Does it have the the high end pools and landscaping such as the Shariton, Weston, Marriot, or Hyatt. No it does not. But it does have half the price per night. Which bought us Helicopter Tours, Dive Trip's, Plantaition Tour, Aquarium Tour, Magic Show, Rental Car, Road to Hana, Crater Tour, Etc. Our room was very clean and the staff was very friendly. The bathroom was a bit smaller than I am use to, but all in all it worked out. The bed was fine. At home I sleep on a $3,000 bed and I was perfectly happy with the bed in our room. The grounds of the property were very clean and well cared for. I do not think I was ever on property without seeing a caretaker cleaning and or maintaining the landscaping. If I had to find something to be negative about was the elevators. They seemed a bit worn out. Looks wise not the operation of the elevator. This hotel must be 30 plus years old. When we first arived I must admit this is no Maui Westin. And I was second guessing my hotel pick. But after a 15 hour travel day I could have picked the Westin apart. After a day or two we settled in and all was just fine. I came to like the fact that I could move around a lounge chairs on the lawn any where I wanted to sun, shade, or pool. Try that at the major brand hotels. That lounge chair is not being moved. It was like my own back yard. The staff alway's made us feel welcome. The pool well, yes it is a pool. Nothing fancy, just a little better than basic. I must admit all the other major brand hotels have awsome looking pools. Again we paid half the price. And did activities we did not do on a prior trip because we paid $450.00 per night. The location is great with snorkeling at Black Rock a couple of time a day. It is just a short walk and like wise for the Whaler's Village. Our room was on the 5th floor so we could see Black Rock and the diver every evening at sunset. The hotel is quiet at 10:00 and they enforce it. If you want to spend $400.00 plus a night just go next door to the Shariton. I have paid that price in the past and did a whole lot less in activites. So ask your self. How much are you in the room any way? Would I stay at Kaanapali Beach Hotel again? In a heart beat I would. It is the same beach. Oh, by the way we purchased the breakfast package and we were pleased with the food. The wait staff is a bit confused it seamed. I think some of them need a bit more training. However the food was fine. And you could have as much of what ever you would like for breakfast. There are pleanty of breakfast foods to choose from. You will not go hungry.