My new husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We also stayed at Kona Village on the big island for a few days (you can see my raving review of that place too). If I had it to do over, we would have spent all of our time there, and none of it at the Kaanapali. This place was packed. The service was mediocre at best. Complimentry is an unheard of word at this place. We got the "romance package" which among other things included bottled water, a picnic lunch, and a rental car for the duration of our stay. Parking was not included (free car, and $9 per day parking?) You had to go down to their convenince shop to get your bottled water, because I guess it's too inconvenient for them to bring it to your room? They had two ancient computers for general use that charged by the minute for use, seriously tacky. The place was kind of run down, and our room smelled funny. I'm not a snobby a person, but I don't know how to put this without sounding snobby; the bar...was kind of low class. The people all seemed really trashy. It made me think I was at a local dive bar, except there was a pool and we were a few hundred feet away from the beach. It was amost disturbing how trashy some of the people were, considering how much it costs to go on a Hawaiian vacation. The beach was beautiful, but packed. The snorkelling was good, but you would physically run into people because there were so many people snorkelling. The food was ok. Breakfast was a huge buffet. They offered you a menu as well, but if you had a 'free breakfast' package, the vouchers were only good for a certain dollar amount. Almost everything on the menu was more than the vouchers amount. They had no fine dinning option, so you had to go elseware if you wanted a decent meal. I highly suggest Sonz at Swan Court in the Hyatt Regency; considered one of the most romantic restaurants in the world. Don't walk though - it's about 25 minutes up the beach. All and all, if you want a quiet, relaxing vacation, I don't know if this is the spot for you. If you're looking for something fairly cheap and don't mind a lot of people around you, then give this place a try.