The Good the Bad and the Ugly of our stay at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel (KBH) We stayed here on our honeymoon (April/May 2007). It had good reviews so we spent 5 nights here. It was ok, but it was not worth the price in our view. We stayed on the ground floor in a one bed room (Lana'i Wing). Here are our thoughts: The Good -Big room (it was a bit musty and old - but ok - i'd consider it 3 stars though for appearance). -Friendly staff. The cleaners would always say smile and say hello, and the staff at the desk were very nice. -Helpful tour desk (helped book us a car and cruise - very efficient). -Very Nice Breakfasts (the actual food) - not the rooms (see below)! -The Beach - so close and so beautiful (one of the best beaches in Maui / Hawaii). The Sheraton is next door (where Black rock is) and yes you can access black rock and snorkle (recommend!). Walk through the Sheraton and look at the big gold fish! They are amazing. -Close to Whalers Village (2 minute walk - and catch $1 bus to Lahaina). Plan your trip. -Ice Machines available at every wing. Convenient -The Grounds are Maintained Beautifully (Very green, and healthy gardens). -When we left, the bag guy offered to drive us to our next hotel (Royal Lahaina). Of course you feel obliged to tip, i just gave him $5 as thats probably what the Taxi would have cost. -Housekeeping came in every day to tidy up as expected. -Bottle of wine on arrival and occassional biscuits left on our bed for being honeymooners. -Bar at the pool is good. But would be better if it was a swim up bar.(you have to get out of the water for this one). The Bad -Fuzzy TV reception. -Shower Curtains (never like these as they can touch you when you shower). -Bathroom was very old, bathtub didn't look very good, water pressure was hopeless (although think thats a hawaiian drought thing). -Musty feel. Room was dated felt 1980's. Needs some paint and freshening up. Furniture dates also. -The ground floor room we had opened up to the common area facing the pool. Wasn't very private (everyone sees you if your curtains are open on the ground floor). -Very old construction maybe 60's? - could here neighbours on either side and above us (footsteps!!). Soundproofing was not good maybe not there. -Pool was ok, but something that should be improved. The whale shape did not excite me, i thought the pool was a bit too small for the number of rooms at the site. Beach is better than the pool anyway. -Air conditioning system was not very good. Probably as old as the building. The Ugly -The Diner & Breakfast venue - very crusty and creates a cheap feel. I think they need to renovate and buy new chairs and tables (felt like a staff room at a constuction site). -Exteremely noisy plumbing from surrounding rooms. This was annoying in the middle of the night if another toilet was used or someone was having a middle of the night shower. -We left a heap of alcohol in the fridge also (forgot about it) and I think a courtesy call would have been appropriate. Apart from Breakfast (buffet) we did not eat at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel. So we cannot comment on the restaurant or food (apart from Breakfast which was yummy - a decent selection). I guess it was a very nice place at the end of the day, nothing really special though and not what we expected for the price paid (I should have demanded a renovated room!). When we checked in we were excited and that quickly turned to slightly dissapointing. But then we just got used to it - we've stayed in worse places. We didn't develop an emotional connection to the place - we were glad to leave. I can't say the selling point "the most Hawaiian Hotel" really did it for us as well. In our view it wasn't that much different to any other hotel we stayed at in hawaii (2 others). Perhaps on our part we should have done more research and expected that it was going to be $$$ being Maui. But We stayed at the Royal Lahaina (in the tower) which was cheaper and for us much better value. Kaanapali Beach Hotel might suit families more. Honeymooners, maybe not. Having said that it appears that many American's come back here regulary as staff seemed to keep saying "see you next year" and knew their names. So some people must love it - maybe they get it much cheaper because they are regulars (or timeshare?). Book this one only once you do your homework, perhaps book if they guarantee you a renovated room and as others suggest, get a good deal because we found this overpriced. The Price was probably the biggest let down for us. Price sets the expectations, and when expectations are not met, naturally one will focus on the negatives. Our rating: 5 / 10