My husband and I just spent 5 days at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel for our honeymoon. While I do think its a descent deal for the price, for our honeymoon I guess I was hoping for a better hotel. I had booked this place on the recommendation of my cousin, but it turns out she was in a renovated building- I was not!! As honeymooners, I was hoping for a room upgrade, which we did not get.....so I was glad that I at least had reserved a ocean view room. Well I don't know how they can consider that ocean view!! We were on the top floor (6th) in the Kuaui building, the only way to see the ocean was if you went to the far right side of the lanai (balcony), and we weren't too comfortable doing that since the balcony railing seemed loose! If we do go back to Maui, we'd probably try to stay at the Sheraton next door. We snuck over there on our last day to check out Black Rock- we went to the top floor and it was just amazing over there!! I guess it made it worse for us b/c we had just stayed at the Westin Moana Surfrider in Oahu which was an amazingly beautiful hotel!! So the only positive things about KBH were the free breakfast at the Mixed Plate (was actually pretty good) and its on the best stretch of the beach. Some of the other resorts further down pretty much have zero beachfront (they're on the beach, but there's no room to even put a towel down on the sand, the water is right there by the boardwalk area- I'm referring to the Hyatt, and I think the Marriott was the same way). The Whaler also seemed like a good option as its all condo units, perhaps the next time we'll go to Hawaii will be with our future kids, I'm sure the kitchen in the condo's would come in handy! As for friendly service, I had very little interaction with the staff other than check in/out......there was only one night that the music by the bar seemed to be good and it was the night we went to the luau, so we only caught the end of it (all entertainment is over by 9PM). Oh and I read some reviews of honeymooners getting champagne & chocolate, we only received champagne....oh well!! Also- our room (#660) was right next to the elevator- which was super loud!!! they don't even have elevators in all their buildings, so we thought we were lucky.....uh no, because we got to hear everyone coming & going w/ that elevator running all the time. Bottom line: if you're on a budget and don't mind the old decor, then this place isn't so bad.....just be sure to write down the name of the renovated wings (which I forgot to do before we left!!)- which I believe are the Maui and Lanai wings. Happy traveling!! -HJ New York