My family and I stayed at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel in June 2007. We chose this hotel primarily due to the Hawaiian cultural activities offered, but for the beach front property as well. This was our first trip to Hawaii, and expectations were high. My first experience was making the reservation on the phone. The lady who answered was very friendly. I really appreciated that. But I was not thrilled that I had to make a 2-nights deposit on the hotel room to reserve it. This was a bit unusual for me. I also found out that parking was additional, as well as the breakfast. We did book the adult breakfasts with the package. We later found that this was a mistake. Upon arriving at the Kaanapali Beach hotel, we were immediately descended upon by valet parking people. Valet parking is optional, and thus costs more, so I opted out. That did not make them happy, which also meant that we could not use the luggage carriers, which are normally available to guests at no charge at other hotels that we have stayed at. So we had to haul our luggage from our rental car in the parking deck to our hotel room. This was a bit of a hassle, but we have managed before. Our biggest surprise came when we found that our 3-story building had no elevator! We had a 2nd floor room, and it was a hassle hauling that luggage up the stair case. It would have been much worse for the 3rd floor guests. I still cannot believe that they did not have an elevator. Here, I really feel sorry for those with physical disabilities. They have a free music show at the hotel, in the courtyard, which was touted in their ads. But when we sat down at a table to watch the show, we were descended upon by a cocktail waitress, who asked what we were ordering. We said that we did not drink [alcohol], and were just there to watch the show. She said that these tables were for bar customers, and if we were not going to order anything, that we would have to move. Now that was not communicated to us in any of the brochures, or upon check-in! We were not happy with that, but we moved to some seating in the far back of the area, and not at a table. Our 1st full day at the hotel, on Maui, a Saturday, we took an all-day tour on the Road to Hana that we had booked prior to arriving in Hawaii. So we had to get up very early and arrived back in the evening. Since it was late, we had dinner at the hotel. The food was ok, but the service was not very good. They had a special person to pour water, but he did not come back to our table after the initial sitting. When we asked the waitress, she had to get after him to come back. The young man was definitely foreign, and did not seem to speak English well, but I think he was just being lazy since he was sitting around most of the time. The 2nd day at the hotel, a Sunday, we were up for doing the Hawaiian cultural activities that the hotel is so famous for. This was in the afternoon, after attending outdoor church services down the road at a beach park. To our suprise, we found out that we were supposed to sign up for the activities in advance, and that they only take 10 people per activity! Now we were never told about this sign-up, and we think it is ridiculous that they only take 10 people per activity for a hotel that houses hundreds of people. Mind you that there are only a handful of activities per day, and there is not always someone at the activity desk to arrange those. After some time, we finally were able to get on the waiting list for some of the activities. I was so glad that our children were able to participate in all, but one of the activities, as it was one of their vacation highlights. It was especially nice that children get a prize at every activity and location at the hotel, including a backpack, t-shirt, frisbee, ball and coloring book. The lady who did the activities was also very nice, and was probably the only really nice person who we dealt with at this hotel. She was a local person, and had been working at the hotel for many years. On the 3rd day at the hotel, we were able to attend a welcome breakfast. Overall, it was very nice, and something that we never experienced at any other hotel that we have stayed at. We could not attend on our first day due to the early departure of our day tour. Then we could not attend the 2nd day because they do not have a welcome breakfast on Sundays. After attending the welcome breakfast, which is available to all guests, we found out 2 things that would have helped us earlier. First we found out about how the activities worked, and how you had to sign up for them in advance. This was not told to us upon check-in or when making reservations. The other thing that we found out was that we actually lost out on a free breakfast for my wife and I because we had ordered the breakfast package with our hotel reservation, and it was not refundable. Anyone who did not order the breakfast package got a free breakfast that day, but not us! Besides the problems that we encountered, that I listed above, we did have a good time for the most part. We did get some good snorkeling in on the beach, just a short walk north of the hotel. There is a whale shaped swimming pool on the property, as well as a giant checker board on the lawn. The kids enjoyed those! We also met some nice guests. The other thing that was really nice was the departure ceremony. This was a compliment to the welcoming breakfast. We gathered with other guests in the lobby. The same nice lady, who did the cultural activities with us, was there to see us off with a nice macadamia nut shell lei and a kiss on the cheek, thanking us for staying at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel. She said to bring back the lei on following visits, and the lei will be modified with more additions. She said that this is to show that we are not only guests, but ohana, which means family. That meant a lot to us. In the end, we were glad that we stayed at the hotel, but with the problems that we incurred, including no elevator and the unfriendliness of much of the staff, we are not sure if we would stay at this hotel again. I would say that if you stay at this hotel, schedule it so that you can attend the welcome breakfast on the very first full day. This will help you understand the hotel and area much better! You may also want to use the valet service if you end up on a higher floor with no elevator.