We just got back from spending 7 days at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel for our honeymoon. Overall I would say you get a good deal for the price and I would consider stay there again provided the price was right. We're 27 and 30 years old. Good Things: 1. The hotel was a bit dated but very authentically Hawaiian. Rooms were large with huge windows and a patio. 2. Almost all of the hotel rooms get treated to a great ocean view so that was also a bonus. 3. It was one of those hotels that really gave great bang for the buck. They even gave you cookies every night before bed. Plus you get free nightly entertainment which was pretty nice. 4. Room was clean. 5. We don't have kids but it would be a good place to bring kids to. They had a lot for them to do. 6. There is a fridge in the room so you can buy your own food or alchol. 7. Good location. A lot of hotels and shopping in the area within walking distance. Bad Things: 1. Rude staff. This is the number one reason I would think long and hard about going back there. I'm generally not a complainer and as a person who has worked in the service industry for a while I usually forgive peoples rudeness as we all have busy or bad days. But it was bad enough at this hotel that if I hadn't paid up front I would have left. For example, we tipped the bellman for bringing up our bags. We had just gotten off the plane so we didn't have much small cash with us. I tipped him with a few dollar bills and gave him 4 quarters to try and add on another dollar. When he left he put the coins on our door lock so they fell everywhere when we opened the door again as almost to embarrass us for giving him change. I felt insulted that he did that so rudely as I was only trying to make up an extra dollar for him. The man who checked us in was also rude. When we asked him a question while checking in he replied maybe I could answer you if the damn phone would stop ringing and then answered and assisted several phone inquiries in the middle of helping us which in turn meant it took us about 20 minutes to check us in. 2. There are not enough check in/out staff and we found they were disorganized. 3. After 9:00PM there is nothing to do. Everyone goes to bed. This might be a plus or a minus depending on the type of person you are. 4. This really has nothing to do with the actual hotel but the traffic to get to Ka'anapali Beach can be quite horrible. The beach is good once you get there but be prepared to sit in traffic for a while (sometime up to an hour to go about 5-7miles).