My wife and I stayed at the Kaanapali Beach Hotel on our honeymoon from July 23rd to the 29th. I put a lot of research into hotels for this trip, including the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. We were looking for a mid-range hotel on Maui that didnt feel like your average mega-resort. After much contemplation, we decided on this hotel based on the majority of good reviews it received. The hotel however, did not meet our expectations. The bulk of our problems came in the first two days, which Ill touch upon in a second. Check-in went smoothly and the room was ready a half hour before check-in time which is always nice. We received the requested king bed and partial ocean view, we did not receive a non-smoking room like we requested though. Because of this, the first few days the room had a stale smoke odor that eventually lessened after the lanai doors were left open. The bellman who took our luggage was very friendly, however we had to ask for assistance when we pulled up as he was chatting with a couple other workers. He did apologize for not noticing us though. He also walked us through our room and explained some of the services which was helpful. The room itself felt very dated, and we were in the Lanai wing which was supposedly updated compared to the Molokai and Kauai wings. If it was updated, I was hard pressed to see where it had been. Everything felt old and generally dirty, this may have come from the smoke smell though. The bed was a little below average and we found it to be uncomfortable. Being a honeymoon couple we received a free bottle of champagne in our room. I had called ahead and requested this be replaced with a bottle of sparkling grape juice or some other beverage as my wife does not drink alcohol. I was told this wasn't a problem and it would be taken care of. Needless to say, there was champagne in the room instead of another beverage. The first unpleasant experience was after my wife took a shower that night. She had wrapped one of the towels around her and then noticed a large brown stain across the towel. Given the size, I dont see how housekeeping could have missed it. Needless to say, the rest of the stay we looked over every towel before use. The first morning there is what really ruined the feel of the hotel for us. I went to use the shower around 7am and the handle snapped off in my hand. We called maintenance and explained the problem and they said they would send someone right up. A half hour later a man showed up, acceptable turn around time in my book. He worked on it for about 10 minutes before saying he would have to order a part and it could take up to a couple days. He said he would check with his manager to see about having use moved to another room which was also acceptable. A half hour later, we have heard nothing. At this point we wanted to be out of the hotel shortly to start our day, after all we are in Maui. We call the front desk and they say theyll look into it and get back to us. Another half hour goes by before they call. Their response at this point is we can use a hospitality room to shower until it gets fixed, even if it takes 3 days. This is completely unacceptable to us. They want us to stay in a room with no shower for who knows how long. We say this is unacceptable and we would like to be moved but are told there are no rooms available. I continue to try to find alternatives with the lady and at this point she is getting very snippy and short with me. Had I been that way towards her I could understand but at no point up to then had I been. At this point we called our travel agent to see about other accommodations. Our travel agent called the hotel and amazingly after that happened, a worker showed up with the correct part and fixed it. Wasted time, 3 hours. While this is an unplanned problem, the responses and attitude we received were completely unacceptable. Telling guest that there is nothing they can do does not meet the standards of this quality of hotel. We were going to be paying for a room without a shower and would have had to reserve a hospitality room and use a shower when it became available. If they didnt have a part, they could have easily sent a worker to a hardware store and purchased a replacement fixture. It was an easy fix if they had just put the effort into it. This problem is not one future travelers are likely to experience, but I shared it because it speaks volumes about their customer service. Our stay did improve the rest of the week though. The grounds of the hotel are beautifully manicured. I could spend hours laying in a lawn chair. They have plenty available so there isnt a need to rush and get one in the morning. The pool is small but if youre not looking for a large pool it is plenty. The location on the beach is superb with fast access to snorkeling at black rock and shopping and dining at Whalers Village, both a short walk. The area is very touristy so if you are looking for something more laid back, avoid Kaanapali beach in general. The lobby itself seems cramped and I was a bit disappointed regarding the open air feeling it was supposed to have. We stayed at two other hotels on our trip that had open air lobbies and this didnt even compare to them. The activities desk was helpful when it came to our questions and there is a small general store for snacks, drinks, etc. We received a free breakfast buffet for every day of our stay at the Kaanapali Mixed Plate. Even if its free, save your time and go elsewhere. Definitely do NOT pay for food there. The best I can compare it to is a college dining hall. The food was awful and the seating areas dirty. The Tiki Grill was your average hamburger and hot dog stand. I felt the food was good for the price (try the onion rings, excellent and great value!) Service was slow though, they could use a third person for the volume they do. If you dont feel like leaving the hotel to eat this is a good lunch option. Never ate at the Tiki Terrace so I cannot comment. The nightly hula show is entertaining the first time, but it is generally the same show every night so there is no need to return. If you are celebrating a honeymoon, anniversary or birthday, dont volunteer that information if you are shy. The bar makes a great mai-tai so be sure to get one. There is a complimentary turndown service every night and they leave a flower and macadamia nut cookies on your bed. Very nice touch, although they missed a couple nights of our stay so it is a spotty service. Temperature control was good in our room. The lanai is large but had cheap and dirty furniture. The doors to the lanai create a large opening which is nice. There is a room safe and they charge you $1.50 per day to use it. Our last day there, we discovered that you can leave valuables in a safe deposit box at the front desk for free. We were never informed of this upon check-in though and we would have utilized this as there was only two times we needed to lock up valuables. Parking is $6 per day and we never had trouble finding a spot. If you are staying in the Lanai, Maui or Molokai wings dont waste your money on valet parking as you end up with a shorter walk to your room if you just park yourself. Another minor annoyance is they were working on expanding the sidewalks during our stay so the construction was a little loud. I understand they need to do these things, but I dont understand why they do it during high season. They called it emergency sidewalk repair but it was nothing but sidewalk expansion. Dont label it something its not, the guests arent fooled. There is a Trilogy building on the grounds where you can book tours which I saw many people take advantage of. They also rent snorkel gear but you can get a much better price at one of the dive shops in Whalers village or Lahaina. This is also where you get towels for the beach, free to all guests. There is also a departure ceremony that was a little cheesy and some of the staff seemed disinterested, but the nut leis you receive are wonderful, dont leave without one. Overall, we ended up having a pleasant stay at this hotel. The annoyances of the first couple days and the complete lack of customer service was a major sticking point though. If it wasnt for those issues, I would rate this hotel as 4 stars (for its class), but I just dont feel I can give it more then 3 stars based on our problems. If you are looking for a decent priced hotel on Kaanapali beach then this may be a good option for you. I believe the people who leave glowing reviews about this hotel, as the service seemed spotty to me and they probably received the good service that I saw. Others may receive the poor service though as I felt we did. This is also not a Hyatt or Westin so dont reserve it if that is what you are looking for. Most who reserve a room knowing these points, I feel will enjoy their stay.