We loved the space of the one-bedroom condo. The beds were super comfortable and it was really nice to be able to cook meals instead of eat out all the time. TV was great. The sofa was a sleeper, so it wasn't great for laying on when closed. Almost two whole walls were windows which was great for enjoying the partial ocean view, but also let in car headlights from the parking garage way across the golf course for the Sheraton Maui. Parking is an extra $7 a night. There is a garage, but also smaller lots closer to some condo buildings. Our small lot was really tight to navigate. The kitchen was decently equipped but all the pan/pot handles got really hot (learned that the hard way). The shower was a two-person stall and was separated from the sink and vanity. The carpet was plush and the place was really clean. Propane grills let you enjoy the weather while you cook. A Fitness Center for guests to use is part of the strip mall at the Eldorado entrance. The complex does not have one on-site. We did not eat at the restaurant on-site. A short walk around the golf course (on-site) to Ka'anapali beach brought us to really soft sand and clear blue water. Black Rock is right there as well so snorkeling was fast to get to. A Cabana offers a mini-library, tables and a kitchnette for those wanting to camp out at the beach all day. The Eldorado offers a free golf-cart ride to and from the Cabana for those who don't want to make the 4 minute walk. An 8 minute walk gets you to Whaler's Village, an outdoor mall with restaurants. The whole complex got louder at night and busy with people once schoo/university let out. The atmosphere before that day was quiet, peaceful and almost deserted-mostly elderly couples. After that day, large groups of young people arrived and it got really noisy at night (parties on balconies, college students running around the golf course at night yelling). Almost two walls of windows means little sound proofing. We were glad to leave right after that change. If you're staying in Maui between June and September and prefer quiet (like me), I would not stay at the Eldorado. Lahaina is a nice town to stay in if you don't plan on going upcountry or south very often. Best shave ice (Ululani's), good restaurants, grocery stores, shopping malls and great bays for snorkeling are within 10-15 minutes (driving). If we return to Maui though, we'd stay more centrally located though, like Makena or Kihei, as the drive back to the middle of Maui from Lahaina became taxing. It's one lane, each way and this time of year, both road construction and a brushfire backed up traffic for miles.