Was pleased with our stay at the Eldorado. As has been pointed out before, there is variability among the units, so some may be better or worse than ours. We reserved a studio via Orbitz which was a good size, approx. 700 sf. Room was clean, furniture and appliances were in decent shape (not new, but not old either). Dishes and utensils were provided and were decent. As for the location, I find the "15 minute walk to the beach" claims to be a bit exaggerated. It's more like a 5-minute walk to the beach. It's not any different than walks to the beach from your room at one of the mega-resort type hotels (the ones with lots of buildings, long hallways, waits for elevators, and strategic paths meandering past shops and concessions). The golf course is between the rooms and the ocean, so the walk is not in a straight line, which may make it feel longer, but it is literally 5 minutes max. The beach was nice and pretty open. Great for sitting or laying out, though there is much better snorkeling next door at the Sheraton (which is signed as a public beach). Nobody said anything to us when we brought our Outrigger towels through the Sheraton grounds to the beach to snorkel. It's probably about a 10-minute walk from your Eldorado room to the Sheraton beach. What was annoying was that the Eldorado has a number of nickel-and-dime fees. Fees for making toll-free calls, fees for in-room coffee (first one per stay is free, additional is extra), charges for laundry detergent (again, first bottle per stay is free, additional is extra). There was even a charge to use the safe, and if you declined it, they asked you to sign a release form at checkin. This doesn't exactly give the visitor a warm-and-fuzzy on arrival. If it were up to me, I'd rather they comp the coffee and safe, and charge for detergent. That would bring them in line with normal hotel standards. The Internet was free, though, which was nice (and fast). It is with a cable, though, not wifi. There's a Safeway and Longs in town, just a few miles down the street to pick up anything you need, along with several dining options. Overall, we were pleased with the value for the money and would definitely stay here again.