Our family of 4 stayed here for a week. We booked a 1 bedroom partial ocean view. We were pleasantly surprised when we saw that our condo was a 2 bedrooms 2 baths when we checked in. Here are the good and bad about this property. Location. While it's not as nice as the other hotels/condos on the southern side of Black Rock (Sheraton side), it's close enough to walk to the beach and you save a bundle from not being right in front of the ocean. The beach in front of the condo is also not as nice as S of Black Rock. It seems the sand is not as clean, but it's good enough if you don't want to walk to the southside. If you snorkel, you can probably snorkel from one side to the other. I snorkel from the Sheraton side over to the El Dorado side and saw a couple of turtles closer to the El Dorado's side. There is also a free trolley that will take you to all the other hotels and Whaler Village on Kannapalli if you don't want to walk, but walking might be faster since the trolley has too many stops. Our condo is large. I think we have about 1600 sq ft of space. The views of the golf course and the ocean were nice. The furnishing is more than adequate but the sofa feels a little dirty/dated, it might be the color. The pillows are quite uncomfortable. The pillows are thick bouncy foam. My wife got a neck pain and had to use folded towels for pillow. We asked for smaller/softer pillows but they didn't have any. The pillows are definitely too big for children. The hot water in the shower is inadequate. We keep getting cold water during the shower in both bath rooms and had to switch back and forth between the shower head and the faucet. This is the biggest draw back since it was difficult to shower the children w/o a handheld shower, let alone a shower that keep turning cold. We washed our cloth everyday so we didn't have to bring alot and it's nice to come home w/o dirty laundry. The staff are alright. Some were outstanding, others just do their job. We didn't have any problem with the staff. The beach cabana doesn't provide any sand toys like someone mentioned elsewhere on this site. They only provide towels and chairs, but they have clean kitchen and restroom. Overall, I think we had a pleasant stay. I may comeback, but I will also look elsewhere.