We stayed here in March 2011. I literally looked at every 4 and 5 star hotel in Istanbul to figure out where we should stay for our vacation. We started on the premise that we wanted to be in Sultanahmet but realized that the only 5 star hotel in this area was the Four Seasons which I had stayed in previously and prices had tripled since the last time I stayed...We then looked at other 5 star properties but they seemd out of the way and not in the historical center. So we started looking at good 4 star and 3 star properties that were central, sound proof and had a hammam/sauna. We decided on this hotel due to its location away from the trains that run in this area and the trams that run further up, in fact the street this hotel is on is the perfect place between the tram and train tracks and we heard nothing. We were given a room on the top floor under the roof terrace, being March and cold no one was eating on the roof terrace but I read that breakfast can be served on the terrace during the summer months and this could be a real problem if you want to sleep in in the mornings. The room was a good size although there were no drawers to store clothes, just hangars. It was awkward to store your under shirts and socks etc. The bathroom was ok, standard. If you look at the photos of other members you will see that the bathroom has a window looking onto the bed area, there are blinds for privacy but I can tell you that the blinds don't really work... Our room had a great balcony with two chairs to hang out and look onto the Bosphorous, the view was amazing. If you turned away and looked in the other direction you had a view of the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. We walked to the two mosques, Topkapi Palace and the Grand Bazaar from our hotel. It was a treat to walk by the Blue Mosque every day. We also walked down to take the train from the train station in Sultanahmet. Our rate included breakfast and it was sufficient although it was mainly eggs, cheeses, juice and bread. It got a little bit boring towards the end. The front desk staff did not all speak good English and one lady told us that it was a 15 minute walk to a specific metro station which ended up taking us about 1hour to walk (and we walk extremely fast) so that was disconcerting. As guidebooks and tripadvisor members advise, stay in Sultanahmet and stay here if you want to avoid the noise of the trams and trains and get good value for money.