Hotel Windsor,Singapore. Hotel Windsor is located adjacent to the Al Jumeid Rd in Singapore City. As you enter the hotel, the flooring is carpet and you'll encounter decorative designs on the carpet and lamps hanging from the ceiling. The reception is on the right and to the left is the Windsor cafe` the signature restaurant of this hotel. There is also a seating area for visitors and guests at the lobby. You can smell the freshness in the air as you walk through. After you check in, the room keys are handed over to you. Each room has a refrigerator stocked with drinks and tea & coffee maker. The bed is very comfortable and neat. Let's talk about the room atmosphere. The flooring is made of black tile I guess I'm right. You can get a view of a couple of buildings around your hotel. But the windows are locked and you can't put your head out if you wanted some fresh air to breath. The hotel follows a no smoking policy and the stickers can be seen on room mirror. The television set is hung from the ceiling and looks good in terms of how your room deco is matched. I'm not sure about the wi-fi as I've not tried it. There is a business centre at the hotel with printer and internet facility that comes with a price. Room service is available and laundry, house keeping facility are the common provisions available at the hotel. The housekeeping staff at this hotel are efficient and capable. I had a small talk on the elevator with the house keeping staff and she seemed to be very kind and enquired about my stay. Nice touch there. The Windsor Cafe` which houses the restaurant of this hotel is just ok and pleasant but gets crowded and messy at times. There's a buffet system. The table and chairs are not organised well on the floor. Rest room is good and clean. Overall my stay in this hotel was a pleasant on and I wasn't happy about the shower experience because it was narrow and the water flow was extremely soft which made up for a bad shower experience. Bath fixtures are well kept and overall bathroom is good but very small. The hotel maids are not taught to maintain silence or carry out their work in a discreet manner otherwise when they are clearing the table and taking away used bone china and glasses or tea/ coffe cups, they make one hell of a noise. That's it about this hotel. My over all experience at this hotel suited my needs and was good.