Copthorne is a new hotel, on the Deira side of Dubai creek, midway between Maktoum Bridge and Floating Bridge (the hotel is about 400 yards back from the Creek, with very busy roads in between). Deira City Centre shopping mall (one of the best in Dubai) is about a 10 minutes walk away (across some busy roads). There didn't seem anything much else of note in walking distance, but there is a small grocery store 200 yards away (come out of the hotel and turn left). Arrived to find check-in efficient and friendly, and free parking in the basement. We didn't get the free fruit basket other reviews have mentioned, although there were tea and coffee making facilities (and a couple of small bottles of drinking water) in the room. Our room (Deluxe) was big with a big bathroon, effective A/C, and a safe. It had good views of the Creek but no balcony. Note that the hotel did not have a bar, and the district it is located in is very quiet, so you would need a taxi or your own transport to find the nightlife. However this is true of most hotels in Dubai, which doesn't really have a definable centre. Note that taxis can be hard to find in Dubai and we didn't notice many in the vicinity of the hotel. Anyone wanting the beach would have a 20-30 minute drive. The airport is probably 15 minutes away. We didn't try the restaurant but the in-room breakfast was OK. Swimming pool is rooftop on the second floor and looked nice (some welcome shade until mid morning, but some traffic noise). Overall, though the hotel left us underwhelmed. One problem was the wooden floors in the corridors and part of the room - we could hear other guests return to their room at night and lots of sounds of doors slamming. They need to invest in some nice thick carpets to keep the noise down. A further negative was a very poor choice of English speaking TV channels - just BBC World News as far as we could see. No sports or film channels aimed at western visitors. Note sure why this should be as most Dubai hotels have a wide selection of English speaking channels. Check out was below par, as the receptionist and her supervisor were involved in a discussion about some issue with the previous guest and, other than to swipe my credit card, my presence was barely acknowledged. Our bill came to about 100 pounds for the night (including breakfast), which for the off-season and the amenities/atmosphere at the hotel we thought was a bit expensive.