We stayed in this hotel from June 2 through June 5, 2010 (4 nights). We originally were assigned to room 106, which was terrible. The bathtub leaked all over the floor, the air conditioner made a gushing sound (what the fluid rattling around up there was is anyone's guess), the street noise overnight was unbearable, and there was some sort of compressor that made a terrible noise from 8am until 9am, but was then shut off. For the first time ever in many years of travelling in Europe, I requested a room change, and it was immediately granted. We asked for a move to an upper floor facing away from the street, and they took care of moving us while we went out and saw the sights, which was nice. They didn't seem too concerned about the reasons why we wanted to move though, and over the next 4 days, I heard 3 other people request room changes that also went unquestioned. This leads me to believe they were either putting people back in room 106, or they get a lot of complaints. That said, we were totally fine with our new room which was 214. It was very quiet, smaller, had fewer amenities, and no view. We paid 170 euros per night and they didn't discount that despite moving us to a smaller room and having such a bad experience with the first night, which I thought was a little tacky on their part. I also don't see how this is a 3 star hotel. The guys at the front desk were foreigners, but honestly, they were some of the nicest people in Rome. The only exception was the Italian woman who staffed the breakfast area on weekdays (with black hair). The Italian woman with blond hair who staffed the breakfast area on Saturday was wonderful. PROS: -convenient location -comfortable, if small (okay tiny), beds -internet access by computers provided in the lobby -friendly people at the front desk -good breakfast spread including a variety of breads, yogurt, cheeses, sliced cold cuts, cereals, orange juice, and fresh coffee / cappucino drinks -air conditioning -secure lobby and access to rooms by card key -balconies in some rooms that face the street -furnishings in good condition, including flat screen tvs mounted on the wall CONS: -hostile woman overseeing the breakfast area (really, I've never experienced someone who so clearly hated her job, all of the patrons, and never smiled once in 3 days) -they kept the same breakfast goods out until they were gone. For example, several of the pastries that were new when we started out on Tuesday were on their last helpings by the time we checked out on Saturday. We counted squares just to make sure we weren't misjudging this, and also you could tell because they got progressively staler. -tiny bathrooms (and I mean tiny compared to other Italian bathrooms which are already small to begin with) -lots of street noise -nothing special, its like staying at a Best Western - just basic