Hello. Ok, here goes my first review, ever, so I'll try to make it short, to the point and as objective as possible. The hotel itself is rather small and as the add says, these are suites in the heart of Montreal. The entrace is clean, up-the stairs, and the suites are clean but I found them a little smaller than expected. There was a kitchenette so cooking was possible and we took advantage of the grocery store a few feet south (towards Sherbrooke) which is a rather large store. And the service, Oskar was very, very attentive and tried to make us feel comfortable. That being said, there are a few 'down' sides that would make me think go here twice,,, with family that is. As in any large city (I guess including Toronto) beggars are part of the landscape, but this time, too close for my own comfort. The place next door seemed like an abandoned Chinese/Japanese restaurant where the beggars hang. They are quiet but just their presence made me feel un-easy. Quite honestly, this is the first time I felt insecure in Canada. Can you believe it? The parking was in back of the hotel and the access less than comfortable, in order to go to the back you could take the shortest route which is a passage between a large wall and a convenience store (note: If you go to buy groceries, my advice is not to go there) and it smelled like pee. I even caught a guy urinaring who promptly leaned towards the wall when saw me coming. When I first noticed where the car was going to be parked (my own car, not rental) I felt very uneasy. I asked the bellboy if there was any sort of security and he said all the guests parked their cars there and with no issues. They have a surveillance camera (hope they DO watch!) Then, I went back to check it out and the area was very well lit, but just the fact that it was out in the open and in that not so welcomy area made me feel uneasy. Nothing happened, thank goodness. Again, this may have been my perception and since I have never felt this uneasiness anywhere in Canada (actually Ontario) I can tell that at first I felt a little like when I was back in my home country, worried about theft, not that you don't have to be security conscious in every place, but there are areas where you take security for granted. The microwave broke. It was replaced almost immediately. The sofa arm rest fell off. IT was not fixed but I don't see this as a huge deal, only the fact that the thud it made when it fell turned heads. For the rest of it, we had an enjoyable time. Montreal is quite as expected. Nice city. Will I go back again to the same location? Hmm, I'd be interested in checking the prices at the hotel accross from the street first... Then I'll probably make a deciscion. In summary: If you go with family, this could be a good option and if you are not that picky about your vehicle security. If you go alone or as a couple...Hmm, maybe there may be better options. But that's your choice! Hope this helps! Au Revoir!