We booked Le Reve hoping it would be the crown of our Yucatan tour. The site was promising and the rooms looked nice and chic. First of all, the access to the hotel is rather poor. Not only is the road bad, it's also not marked properly (unlike other hotels in the area), so one has no idea which exit to take from the highway. Finding it poses a problem even with local taxi service. The room was indeed lovely, spacious, with simple, clean design, wonderful view and perfect bedlinens (we had the Horizon suite, which is not a suite but a room). Yet, there was not a single chair in it, probably for fear it would clash with the design. So, nowhere to sit, one can just stand or lie. It is unfortunatelly impossible to bathe in the sea, because there are rather large and sharp rocks right in front of the hotel. We had to walk up or down the beach and bathe in front of other hotels, which were clean of rocks and, moreover, protected by a sort of breakwater, nothing we encountered at Le Reve. Having had no car, we dined at the hotel every night. The menu is rather limited, and can easily be exhausted within a week. After the first night I had bad stomach problems, not necessaarily related to the hotel food, but I had nothing else these days. Although the waiters were very kind, they were also pretty inapt. It was only on our last day that we got the breakfast right, although we just ordered the continental breakfast as noted in the menu. One day it was one fruit platter for us to share instead of one each, than no orange juice, we never got brown bread, although we asked for it, etc. And last, but certainly not least, the prices and the billing. Half of the costs was paid in advance. The other half was paid immediatelly upon arrival, which would have been no problem if it weren't charged in pesos, at a very high exchange rate. Naturally, my credit card was debited in dollars, at a regular exchange rate, so that eventually, the total price was 25% higher than expected, what with unexpected taxes and this shady exchange policy. One should think that our holiday was ruined, it was actually rather nice, but without these things it would have been perfect. The cleaning service always did excellent job, the room was spotlessly clean. The other personnel was also always attentive to our needs. I really enjoyed being far from busy Playa del Carmen and it's mass tourism. Yet, one would expect much more from a 5 star hotel sharging 375 dollars per room per night.