Stayed in a twin room for 2 people, for 90, 45 each with breakfast i thought it quiet reasonable as i only needed it for 1 night as it was an ideal location close to Emirates Stadium about 15mins walk and Finsbury Park Tube Station was a 2mins walk, as we were watching Arsenal play this seemed ideal. However we had booked another twin room for 1 person also 90 with breakfast (only option left as hotel fully booked) this was definitely not worth paying. My guess is the put the prices up because of the football. 1st impression the Foyer was lovely was well thought out comfortable chairs, Tv, Internet access, dining area looked really nice aswell, Clean. Staff- some was really helpful, Some need to get some manners and customer service skills. My 1st impression soon disappeared, walked along the corridor and there was an awful smell, still don't quiet know how to describe it other than sewage or dirty pipes or something, was awful luckily the smell did not continue into the rooms but the corridors looked like needed a good hoover. Rooms- the beds was comfortable, the TV was temperamental, the room was a little small for a twin room, tea and coffee making facilities, Wardrobe and Chester draws available to use. However the door did not lock, and even though could only be opened from the outside, if you had a key (which obviously hotel staff did have ) i did not feel very secure, being Female and i had made the booking, it was not acceptable, luckily was only staying for 1 night, and sharing a room with my father , but i still didn't feel secure so when went to sleep i put our luggage and a chair up against the door. You shouldn't have to do this when staying at a hotel. The other twin room booked, the hotel would not know the other room was male or female in the room as the don't ask for details for this when making the booking or even checking in, if it was a sole Female i would not of felt secure, however it was male in the 2nd room. The bathroom - when i opened the door, i laughed the toilet was 1 foot off the ground, i'm a short lady but my father is a big guy, and this was ridiculous. Luckily we were out for most of the day and night, but was an issue the next morning when we needed to use it, probably a little easier for guys to use than for females. Bathroom was small, didn't look clean, shower was reasonable, but i even banged my head on the railing over the sink when was brushing my teeth the next morning. oh and one of tiles came off aswell. Breakfast- Continental provided, reasonable, eat as much as you like, Orange and Apple juice, Tea and coffee. If the hotel but as much effort as they obviously had in the reception area and the dining area, into the rooms, or definitely into the bathrooms this hotel would be great. Was ok for 1 night because of location and being ideal of where we needed to be for the weekend great, would not stay more than 1 night. Would i recommend it? - probably not. Would i stay there again? Only if i was staying with males in the same room, and it was the last option (maybe not even then). Will look around for an alternative when going up to watch arsenal play again.