My brother-in-law lives in Vegas so I have been there several times, however I seldom stay directly on the strip. I had been to Vegas in this past May on business and stayed at the Palazzo. Everything about our stay was phenomenal. When booking this trip for my brother-in-law's wedding we found a great deal at Bookit.com by searching for 5 star hotels. This hotel is not worth 5 stars. The location is nice - not a far walk from shopping and close to some major casinos (i.e. Treasure Island) with free shuttle service to others (i.e. the Wynn). We rented a car and never had a problem with valet service. In fact, all of the service personnel (front desk, doormen, bell hops, etc.) were first class. But that's where it ended. We had booked adjacent suites for our stay, which included a kitchenette. The suites were joined by a private "foyer" - which for us was nice because my mother-in-law stayed in the adjoining room - but I think would be very strange if you shared this with someone you didn't know. The rooms were very small and although the view was nice, it didn't say "5 star" to me. Everything was dingy looking - table tops were marred with scrapes and cup rings, dust collected on top of shelves and in corners and the furniture looked old and worn out. The tv in the bathroom mirror didn't work when we arrived - it was fixed a few hours later with a call to the front desk. We stayed for 5 nights and our tv quit working on the last day, as well as the jets in the jacuzzi tub (which was the only thing that I enjoyed in the room). The microwave and mini fridge were of suitable size, but there was 3 of us in our room and we only had silverware for one. Service for four would have been more expected. The coffee maker was fast but only brewed one cup at a time so I had to request several extra packets of coffee (which the housekeeping staff complied with). The drapes were missing a pull rod which made them a pain to close at night, and the sound of the train was very distracting. The air conditioning (a must in Vegas!) did not seem to cool the room down until the end of the 2nd day. Overall, our stay was satisfactory but it was NOWHERE NEAR worth 5 stars - I've stayed at better Holiday Inns. The price and the added "fees" is just not worth it. Very disappointed.