We stayed there for a couple of nights during our honeymoon trip in USA. The hotel is not on the strip, but it is really close. Less than a 10minutes walking you are in the Strip. The hotel is luxury. We booked a studio with a city view. The room was big enough with a king bed, a living room area and a small kitchenette. The best part of the room was the bathroom. The tub had a really nice jacuzzi!!!In the bathroom also, a part of the mirror was becoming a tv!!! We had also a nice view from the room of the city of Las Vegas. We were on the 31st floor so we could se from our room Rio Hotel and Mirage Hotel. The bad part of the story began when we were searching for our bathrobes we found a pair of dirty socks....... We call the housekeeping to tell them that, and to bring us a bathrobe (because there was only one in the room insted of two) , and they did 20-25 minutes to get to the room. The next day, we swich on the electroning sign of "Housekeeping", and when we came back to the room at 6pm, nobody had cleaned our room, so we had to call again Housekeeping to tell them to come. Then the hairdryer wasn't working and we had to wait another 20 minutes so somebody come to the room to bring a new one. When we came back at the room after the midnight , we find our room tidy and clean, but the bathrobes were missing and not replaced...I didn't expect that from a 5 star hotel. For our last day in Vegas, the front desk told us that we could have a free late check out at 4pm, but they didn't told us that after 12pm our key cards wouldn't work, so after our last shopping we were locked out of the room for about 20 minutes until the security come. From the other side their shuttle servise to Whynn and Cesars hotel was very good. Every 15 minutes there was a shuttle until midnight. They also have a good transportation to the airport in reasonable prices. Fortunately on our check out the front desk after our complain about all the housekeping problems did not charge us the resort fees. If we ever go again in Vegas I beleve, we will not choose Trump again.