I had very high expectations for the Trump Las Vegas; unfortunately my expectations were not met. The issues I had mostly involved my room. My girl friend and I shared a studio room which has a king bed and a sleeper sofa. I realized too late that this hotel was suppose to be condo's therefore none of the studios have two nice beds in the them. I completely blame myself for this oversight. I still feel strongly that no hotel that calls itself 5-star or 4-diamonds or premier should have a pull out bed as a primary area for sleeping, but again the bed issue was my oversight. The king bed slept very well. Before you enter your room you enter a quiet entrance which is nice. The hotel itself is very quiet and beautiful. A paper was waiting for us each morning. We had to request additional toiletries and toilet paper. We checked in on a Monday and were out of toilet paper on Wednesday. We requested robes and they took hours to get. Someone called to verify we got them and when we told them we did not have them the person apologized, but it still took hours to get. Soap scum/calcium was also built up on the shower head. I tried cleaning it, but it would not come off. The soap scum/calcium was still there when we checked out. The remote for the tv in the bathroom did not work (it was eventually replaced). The light up mirror in the bathroom did not work; we let the cleaning staff and manager know, but nothing was done about it. We also had to put towels on the floor Monday, because no rugs were left. The rugs showed up Tuesday. Their was a stain on the floor as soon as you walked into the room. Trash was left on the floor when the cleaning staff was emptying a trash can. The floor was not vacuumed (we knew this b/c lint was evident of the floor). My friend slept on the pull out bed and had to wrap her pillow in a sheet b/c no pillow cases were available. We eventually spoke to a manager about the issues in our room and he apologized and removed our resort fees and gave us a $50 breakfast credit. Unfortunately the hotel messed up my friend's breakfast order and that also was comped. The food was good. The hotel itself is beautiful and smells wonderful. Their is no casino and is smoke free, which I really liked. The hotel is off the strip, but across from the Fashion Mall. The hotel has a shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. The bathroom also had a jacuzzi tub which was wonderful. I would suggest staying at a hotel on the strip. In conclusion, I will not be staying at the Trump again.