Hotel is a little distance from the strip. If you return to hotel past 8.30pm, the shortcut link through Fashion Show Mall would be impossible b'cos Mall closes at 9pm (no entrance after 8.30pm). We had to make a big detour back. However it may be good for guests who want to stay away fr hustle n bustle. This 5-star hotel has 5-star amenities, classy decor, roomy suites (basic suite that we stayed in has a small kitchenette) but its housekeeping standards cannot be matched. Firstly there's a compulsory resort fee of USD 20 imposed per night for services such as internet access (so-called 'free' access comes with a price tag), shuttle to Wynn, $25 spa credit (can't use if you don't spend more than $150), a 10% discount at Trump Store, daily newspapers. We didn't get what was promised. There weren't daily newspapers delivered to us. I saw the papers tucked nicely outside our neighbour's room but not ours. I thought ours might have been picked up by others, but after our 3rd morning, papers still did not arrive. I don't feel that the fee was justified. Any 5-star resort hotel could have provided equivalent stuff, they could have easily build in such costs in their room rates, so why does Trump make guests pay for what they do not need, such as discount coupons, shoe shine services or printing of faxes? it's ridiculous, since some of these services are meant for business travelers. From day one of check in, we could only find facial bar soap for bathing because there was no other provisions (besides shampoo and conditioner). We thought this could be the norm, never did we realised that there's actually bathing bar soap for each room but we got ours only on our 3rd day! More horrifying was to find soapy water in the supposedly cleaned bath tub when we tried to fill it up for a soak. This means that the staff forgot to rinse the bath tub clean after applying cleaning agent! In the end, we had to rinse the tub thoroughly before using it. This was most unforgiving of a 5-star hotel service. In all our high hopes for an enjoyable stay at Trump International was marred by their sub-standard services. Otherwise, it would have been perfect.