I read some of the reviews on this resort and was quite nervous. But., when I arrived, I actually started to think that I was staying at a completely different hotel. I must say that I think people invent things to complain about it -- or simply they are just not capable of having a good time anywhere. Here were some of the complaints on this site: Staff being snotty -- absolutely not! I found the staff incredibly friendly and courteous. I did not come across one snotty or unfriendly staff. Everybody, from the front desk to the gym to the pool were all friendly Loud noise -- never heard that either. The hotel was very quiet. I never heard a peep in my room. I never heard a train or loud music. I never heard loud guest. I never heard anything. Dirty rooms. -- The rooms were clean. I will say that I cut myself on something in the carpet. My foot was bleeding and I called the front desk. They were up immediately and sent a doctor to my room. I did not need medical attention but they went above and beyond to take a care of situation that shouldn'th have happened. this was the only negatve experience of the trip Hotel being off the strip. Ok, I have read everything from the hotel is on a dark road, that it takes 15 minutes to walk on the strip, that there is no sidewalk, that you have to take a cab to the strip. ALL NOT TRUE! There is a sidewalk that runs from the hotel to the strip. It is fairly lit and was a 5 minute walk! I timed it. It took no time at all, and was an easy walk. The long way is through the mall, which is right across the street. If you want to stay on the strip, then don't stay at Trump. If you don't mind the 5 minute walk, its not a bad place to stay. Hotel itself. there is no casino. But, the TI is a 10 minute walk and we ended up gambling over there. The hotel was clean and the pool is nice. its not huge. Its medium sized, There is loud music buts its a fun environment. They have very friendly servers who are serving drinks. I enjoyed the pool very much. the rooms were great. The beds beyond comfortable! The bathrooms are huge and very nice. It was great to have a kitchen. I recommend running over to the mall -- store called ABC, and picking up some groceries. All and all its a nice hotel. I don't think its a 5 star hotel. If you get a good deal, its worth it. If you want a quiet, less roudy place to stay, Trump is it. You don't have the drunk 20 somethings falling down in the lobby!