I'm a fan of Las Vegas Condohotels, and have stayed in all of them that have opened so far. In terms of the room only, the Trump is nice. It's very similar to the Signature, though with slightly less square footage and no balconies. The room fittings may be of slightly higher quality than the Signature, beautiful sinks in the bath and lots of tasteful marble. Rooms are a couple of years newer than the Signature, so may be fresher. We checked in just after 3pm on New Years Day. The front desk attendant was pleasant, but said our room wasn't ready yet. We really didn't feel like waiting -- there were a lot of people in the lobby obviously already waiting for their room, so I asked if there were any upgraded rooms available. We ended up upgrading to a premium corner suite 1 bedroom for another $100 a night so we wouldn't have to wait. Our room was on the 19th floor and had a bathroom as big as the bedroom, with a large window over the tub. Unfortunately, the view was mostly of the freeway and parking lots. Would've been cool to have a higher floor and strip view... The Trump charges $15 a day now in a resort fee which I wouldn't have minded -- if internet was included -- but that's an extra $12 a day (again, the Signature fee includes wifi). The resort fee includes bottled water and coffee -- the water wasn't replenished the 2nd day, there was only 1 coffee cup in the kitchen, and the only creamer available was a hazelnut cream cremora flavor. Bed and linens were the least comfortable of any high end hotel I've stayed in in the past year, including the Palazzo, Palms Place, and the Sig. Room service took an hour and a half to arrive. Food was good quality, but by the time it got to us we wished we'd just gone out for breakfast. In sum, the hotel is a beautiful facility, clean, and it should be excellent, but it's obviously understaffed, and too many little things added up to make it a really good hotel. If the Signature is maintaining their rooms well, it's much better managed in every way. Even the Palms Place, with the rough start we had in our stay there, seemed better managed and had a much more interesting room...