This hotel itself is very nice. The train is not as bad as people in some of the reviews let on. If you are a light sleeper, just don't go to Vegas. I personally fell asleep with the tv on and only woke up b/c I had so much to do in Vegas. The bathroom is one of the best. But watch out for the glass doors in the bathroom. They could have put as much thought into them as they did to most of the drawers in the room as the glass doors slam quite easily. I rate the hotel above avg as a hotel in itself. However, this is not a hotel for those of us who want to be close to the action. Do not stay here for your first trip to Vegas. There is no shuttle at this hotel. Not even one to the airport. The room has a fridge, tons of drawers, microwave, hd lcd tv that swivels on an arm, "kitchen" sink, phones all over (even in the bathroom) and a small tv in the mirror of the bathroom that you can watch while taking a nice bath in the jacuzzi. The room service menu is pretty limited and be sure not go order drinks when you order. I got the same thing twice for room service, once with a sprite and a coke and once without. The price difference was almost $20! It seemed like I was overcharged but I lost the receipt and paid in cash, so I didn't bother to dispute it although I should have. Go to the ABC store in the Fashion Show Mall across the street and put the fridge to good use. Checking in and checking out was fast as there aren't too many people staying here. The rooms were very clean and the whole hotel smelled very nice. The elevators are super fast so don't worry about staying in a room at a high level. My main gripe I have other than location is that everything here costs you. The wireless internet is $12/day; the internet access on the business center computer is $5.95/15minutes! And the fitness room costs $22/day! This is ridiculous if you ask me. Anyhow, if this hotel were further away from strip or in any other city, I would have given it an excellent rating. It is close enough to the strip to aggravate you with the walk b/c there is no shuttle to anywhere. And everything here costs a fortune except the price to stay here.