I travelled to Vegas with 2 female family members and stayed at the Trump. We all agree that the hotel was nice although well off the strip. The pool is fabulous. It's not what you would expect from a Vegas hotel, no crowds, high priced chair rentals, people fighting for the same space or big boobs everywhere. There were barely 10 people at the pool at any given time, they have great round 2 person lounge chairs with sun covers, the standard lounge chairs, pool floaties and also loungers in the pool. There are cabana's but they haven't completed them yet and 2 hot tubs. The room was good, nothing fantastic though. The huge bathroom with 2 sinks was great for 3 ladies all trying to get ready at the same time. The toilet and shower are enclosed glass areas for a bit of privacy (although see through). The room was made up nicely each day by the staff and we loved the complementary Trump slippers and drawers to keep your toiletries organized! The kitchenette as fine but they didn't have free tea (only coffee) and when the cleaning staff replaced the coffee they only brought decaf. When we asked for tea to be supplied as well as coffee they told us it would be an additional charge for tea. We also had to call and ask for cream, additional bedding, extra hangers, towels and dishes for the 3rd person as it wasn't supplied in the room (although we had made the reservation for 3 people). The staff was accomodating after the call but we shouldn't have to ask for items that should be supplied in the first place. There was a bat in the airconditioning unit a couple nights that was annoying for the first few hours but the train didn't bother us at least. I had read previous reviews about the train so I specified at check in that I wanted a room on the opposite side of the train and on a higher floor. We had room 5803. The view was fabulous (right down the strip toward Mandalay). The walk late at night from the strip (after the Fashion Show mall closes) is on a darker side street with no side walks. A little creepy for 3 ladies. I couple of tips: - Walk through the Fashion Show mall - it's cooler and makes the trip to the strip seem shorter (hours are usually 10am - 9pm) - Nordstrom's across the street has a great cafe on the 3rd floor. Delicious salads, sandwiches and pastas. - Tickets 2nite (discount show and restaurant tickets) is just across from the Wynn in the Fashion Show mall. We arrived at 11:30am and still got great tickets for Mystere's 7000 show. They also have discount buffet passes for Paris - fabulous food! - If you take a taxi from the Trump to Mandalay make sure the cab driver takes Industrial to Frank Sinatra Dr. The price of the trip will be $12 compared to $20 down the highway. - There is an ABC store in the Fashion Show mall to purchase bottled water, milk, booze, candy/snacks, cereals and some toiletry items. We found that quite handy as there was no other convienience stores close to Trump. Although this is my 6th trip to Vegas, I thought the Trump was quite lovely. It's nice to have a smoke free attentive hotel to return to after a long day on the strip. I suppose it's not going to be very popular with partying young adults but it's great if you're older than 35 and like to relax.