We stayed here for two nights while we visited the Florida Keys. November 15th and 16th. They have 4 pools but don't tell you all the pools except one close at sunset! The so called restaurant is actually a poolside snack bar and it closes at 7:00 PM. We couldn't even get a drink at 8:00 pm which is a little ridiculous when you are on vacation. It is close to Mallory Square but NOT I repeat NOT within walking distance. We were told at the front desk that we could walk down there to see the sunset and it was only about 1 mile. So we took off and when we walked about a mile we took out our gps (i-phone) it said another 2.3 miles! We had to turn around and go back to the hotel and get the car but of course by then we missed the sunset. Our room was a double queen and very clean. It fit the 4 of us comfortably. However we went to sit on our porch and there were no chairs. We called the front desk and were told "oh just take them off someone else's porch"!! Really? You just don't do that! The maid service is actually what they refer to as "tidy" service. They empty the trash and replace towels. I've never seen that before. If you stay and extended amount of time then you get the full service. As for the noise it wasn't too bad but I did hear the people next to us and the one's above us taking showers and talking and shutting their doors. As for the parking....well that is interesting too. I guess parking is a prime commodity in the keys (understandably). This resort has an arrangement with Walgreens next door for overflow parking. We got a parking spot every time we came back but it was really full. I don't know what happens in the busy season? We asked if there was coffee in the lobby but they said no. They forgot to mention there is a small coffee pot (4 cups) in the room. That would have been nice to know because we brought a coffee pot with us. There is not a mini-fridge either which would be nice for drinks and leftovers from the restaurants. There is a blow dryer in the bathroom and an iron and ironing board. The vanity in the bathroom doesn't have any counter so space is limited. The beds were clean and very comfortable. There are flat screen tvs in the room. The landscaping around the hotel is awesome. It's thick and luscious. If it wasn't for all the foliage you would be able to see everyone elses rooms which wouldn't be good. There are two strips of sand and chairs to sit on but don't expect to see the water unless you are on the second story. Even though this hotel is on the main road it does feel private because of all the tropical trees and plants. This is a good place to stay if what you really want to do is see Key West. But if you just want to hang around the hotel, it doesn't have a lot to offer. It's a little over priced.