Taveled with husband and another woman. Needed two rooms. This place had 2 room "bungalow" with sitting area for less than price of 2 separate rooms (here or elsewhere). Because of sitting area there were 3 tv's. Expected this to be first level entry with second bedroom upstairs. Turned out that these were originally townhouses with first floor kitchen, living and dining areas and bedrooms upstairs - giving each bedroom it's own balcony and having a full kitchen. They were intended to be SOLD. Since only about 20 were sold - they are renovating the others. Therefore, as we entered our unit there were two doors. First level is single unit rental. We had to immediately go up a flight of stairs (handicapped, elderly - TAKE NOTE- ask for unit with elevator). Our first level had sitting room (formerly bedroom) with balcony overlooking the gardens, and one bedroom with balcony overlooking the water way and gulf. Up another flight of stairs was the bedroom for our friend - it did not have a balcony. Again, because of the renovation, our unit had a toaster (no microwave) and a micro fridge that held hardly anything. Since this was not originally set to be a hotel/resort, one needs these things to make some food or else plan to spend a lot of money in the tiki bar which is expensive and has a very limited menu.There is a wonderful Deli across the street (shopping center) that makes the bagels for the whole island. Great breakfasts - good price. Fortunately, I had negotiated vouchers for the Tiki bar, so we were covered for lunch. Housekeeping ??? They come in to change towels daily, but did not make the bed or clean rooms. If you want a fresh pool towel, you have to turn in the one you have to get it. Remember,this is more like a time share, where you do the work. The staff was friendly and responsive, if you do ask for something. The units are comfortable and the grounds are beautiful. We had no trouble with parking or crowding at the pools. Liked that there are 4 separate ones - less noise. Travel to Duval street - about 2 miles - if you are able to bike - best and least expensive way. We took cab first day for dinner and were floored to discover it was $12-$15 EACH way. Parking lots downtown are about $30/day. There are meters, but it takes 5 quarters/hour. We had a car,so we got a roll from the bank and used it from about 3-9 pm another day. It was cheaper than cab or lot. One day in Duval was enough for us - touristy shops and expensive restaurants and bars. Went back off Key West about 5 miles to local restaurant (Bubalu's) another night - no cab, free parking, good home-cooked food. Bottom line - beautiful, comfortable place. We enjoyed our stay, but be aware of what I said in this review.