Accommodations at this "resort" range from cottages to basic rooms. It appears they cater more to families with older kids and groups verses couples. Although located in a business area of town it was 'okay' once you were inside their compound area. The walkways were as previously described "somewhat pretty," but they felt more like mazes in a private condo complex then in an "upscale resort." We checked-in at 4:20 pm and arrived at our room at 4:30 pm to find the cleaning staff still inside. (It was certainly not due to the previous occupant getting a late check-out as the neighbor advised me they had not seen anyone in our room the previous night) After they left we dumped our luggage and went to find the resort's bar/restaurant for some dinner and drinks. When we did find the bar, we were advised that it was closed for a wedding. (The pools also closed early but the hotel still charged us a resort fee for each day) We went out for take-out and when we returned the parking lot was full. We had to wait for a space which was miles from our room. Possibly this was due to their wedding as we had no real problems the remainder of the stay, but most times could not get parking very close to our room. This "resort" has no ice machines and no fridges in their single bedroom units. Nor in these units do they have any other standard amenities you would expect to find in an upscale resort ie: microwave, iron/ironing board, sofa, etc. When I asked staff why no ice machines they advised me that there was no need because all of the cottages and most multiple units had full kitchens... except of course, our single bedroom unit. Apparently they had just converted three bedroom units into single and double units. They offered to have ice from the bar, delivered to our room. They did...only it was over an hour later and long after we had eaten. I cannot comment on their food or bar service etc. as we never went near their bar again. Nor did we use any of the pools (3) and, only sat outside our room on the "beach" once in four days that we were there. Instead we spent all our time and money in old downtown and anywhere but this resort. Which is not what we wanted nor what we expected when we booked a "resort." Cleaning was definitely an issue and like the other reviewers we also found cleaning crews in our room more than once after 4pm. The reason may be due to the fact I never saw any cleaning staff at this resort until well into the afternoon on any of the days we were there. As in most of the mid-range hotels in the Keys there are only showers in the rooms and luke-warm water is the norm most of the time. The beds here do seem cheap and are not very comfortable. Additional thoughts: I have traveled extensively and been to Florida numerous times dating back to 1969, but had not visited here for past several years. On this trip we traveled southern Florida visiting both coasts and the Keys. We spent well over $5000 on our 9 day trip and felt we did not get our monies worth especially in comparison to other areas of the world we have traveled. Most stays were in near top-end hotels, Hilton, Marriott etc. and a couple of resorts including this one. It appeared that unless you were paying a minimum of $400 - $500 a night you got a less than quality room in a run-down hotel. Especially anywhere near water.