We stayed at this resort during a very cold time in January so we were unable to truly enjoy some the amenities like the pools, bar and water. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and tended to and the details down to the potted plants and positioning are wonderfully done. The same holds true for the interior of the units. We had unit 41 which is 3 bedroom and 3 bath villa and has water views. The colors, furnishings and layout is again very well thought out and done. There are 4 flat screen televisions with DVD players, fully furnished kitchen and brand new mattresses put in the day we arrived. The down side is the oveerall cleanliness lor the unit eaves a lot to be desired. There was dust on much of the furniture, the bathrooms were not too well cleaned, the floors not mopped very regularly and the positioning of the furniture had been changed from original set up and needs attention. When a company puts the money and effort to furnish something at the level it did, it is unfortunate that the level of organization and cleanliness doesn't match that level. In addition, the walls are very well scuffed and much of the trim is as well. I understand the need for utilization and productivity but a beautiful assett is quickly deteriorating. Another odd item is that we had a three bedroom unit and a 6 cup coffee maker. Not a big deal but at Tranaquilty Resort in Marathon which is the same company, we had a 2 bedroom unit with a nice 12 cup coffee maker. A curious bit of "value engineering". I can understand the issues with possible noise and traffic as the location really is in the middle of a very busy area, however none of that affected us at all once we parked the car and strolled into the complex. Everyone is very friendly, Key West is worth the trip and there is plenty to do and this place is nicely done. The resort fee is a bit slimy as there really is no value added for that fee. Build it into the room rate or offer some value for the additional fee but I sense it is an operator's way to drive more revenue without incurring any additional expense. Having said all this, we definitely would stay at this Hotel again and would look forward to enjoying the pools and restaurant this time. We loved all the space of the villa and loved all the design features. If they could just spend a bit more on Housekeeping and a Preventive Maintenance program, this place would really shine.