My parents booked this resort because they ran a Groupon. We had to reschedule because Hurricane Irene grounded all flights out of Newark, NJ but HTR was excellent in changing our original booking. They arranged for transportation to pick us up at the airport and it took us straight to the hotel. The hotel/resort is only a year old and it definitely felt that way. The one thing that kind of put me off was the intro our "concierge" gave us when we arrived. Yes, she acquainted us with the resort and told us all we needed to know but then came the sell to have us tour the timeshares so we could get free massages or a free dinner as an incentive. It was a clever way to rope us in. The resort is great for families who like outdoor activities. You can run along the walking trails or the beach. You can kayak up 3 of the rivers that run through the 300+ acres that make up the resort property. There's snorkeling in the rivers and the ocean and much more. They also have a biking tour throughout the property and they even let you tour their nursery where they're growing more indigenous species to continue planting on the eco-friendly resort. The letdowns were the food and the drinks. I'm a bit of a foodie and I like my swim-up pool bars. There are 2 pools but they're not much to look at and they don't have swim up bars. There are 5 restaurants to eat at for dinner and the Asian one was by far the best. They have a nice selection of food to eat but nothing stood out as exemplary. The beach isn't the best but it's still relaxing to grab a cabana on the beach and listen to the waves. The nightlife is so-so, since the resort is more family-friendly. Also, the walls of the rooms are a bit thin, so if you have noisy neighbors who want to continue partying past closing time, bring earplugs (something I needed to use). The standouts were the staff and the cleanliness of the resort. The staff are just the nicest, sweetest people ever. They cleaned 'round the clock and they're super friendly.