My husband, I and our 2 year old son stayed at this hotel in June of 2011 for 4 nights/ 5 days. Overall, this was a disappointing experience, although not all together unpleasant. First, the reason we chose the resort was because of our interest in nature and its location on eco preserve. However, the staff did all possible to discourage us from exploring the nature park (by threatening with wild animals). After we took a couple of cenote tours (which were wonderful), I figured out how to get around on my own, but by that time it was almost our day to leave. Similarly with the beach. Not only is the beach not of your typical turquoise color (which is understandable - it is an eco park after all), but they forbid swimming on the beach (stating waves or something else). You are allowed to swim where the river meets the ocean, but the water is much colder there and it is very shallow, so it would not be real swimming. It is a very unique beach , though, because you can snorkel around mangroves there and see some birds and fish. The pool is nice, but not glamorous. And, there is no bathrooms close to the beach or the pool nearest to the beach. So, try drinking a few margaritas, and then going for the bathroom. Also, clean towels are only located in one place, away from the beach and the family pool. The food is nice in terms that although it was all inclusive and unlimited, it was a la carte, so you did not tend to over eat as much. Our favorites were the grill, the pizza, and the Mexican. Asian - not so much. They definitely take spanish speaking people out of turn if you are not looking, so pay attention. The drinks were definitely diluted, but still enjoyable. The amenities: we took advantage of the nature tours. Our package included a free 30 minute massage per person. However, there was still a $12 tax. Not really a lot of money, but not free either. The spa was very nice. The gift shop is super overpriced. The staff: Mostly nice and helpful, but hopeful for a tip. A few dollars goes a long away. especially at the pool. The whole thing with concierge and time shares is really out of control. They would do so much better trying to impress us with the service and the amenities, instead of a sales pitch. Do they think Americans are stupid? When we arrived at the hotel after a 2.5 hour flight, and 45 minute drive, they wanted to give us a 30 minute presentation on the hotel in broken English. Really? With a two year old running around like a maniac? May be you should let us eat lunch first. They try to sell you a time share by inviting you to a "special" breakfast and promising you freebies, such as 1 hour massage, lobster dinner, free transportation to town, etc. We did not agree to it. There is a very poor communication of the hotel events: they need a communication board in the lobby. Otherwise, you never know what is about to happen. The clients were also very interesting. There were some people who owned a timeshare, some mexicans on conference or business trips, some mexican families with their children on vacation, and a lot of people from US who paid super low rates in exchange for agreeing to attend a timeshare presentation, but who had no recollection of signing up for anything like that. The room was nice, and fairly comfortable. We had an "ocean view", but the water was very far, so I would not recommend paying extra. We basically just had a glimpse of water. The furniture in community spaces was worn out and not comfortable. Hard to imagine that this is a new hotel. Overall, this was a unique experience because of the opportunity to visit cenotes, but, otherwise, I would never go back.