*Exhale* ..this is going to be a long one. I will preface this review by telling you the dynamic of our party. I traveled with my wife (I am 31 and my wife is 28) and what was supposed to be another couple but turned out to just be one of them. By no means were we looking for a week long drunk fest but what we found here was not exactly what we were looking for which was a relaxing week in paradise. Rooms: The rooms are top notch. Definitely the highlight of the resort. The resorts website gives a pretty accurate description of the rooms. We had a huge suite (one of the biggest on the resort I believe) and an adjoining room for the other couple. We had a jetted jacuzzi overlooking the ocean literally 3 steps from my side of the California king size bed. The beds are pillow top and very comfortable. The bathrooms were the size of my bedroom at home and it featured a separate toilet area and a huge shower with beautiful tile everywhere. Maid service was excellent and they even come by nightly for turn down service. Unfortunately we didnt come to Mexico to spend a week in our room... Upon arrival we were greeted by Mariana at the front desk. We arrived around 7pm. She got us checked in and gave us our all inclusive bracelets. We immediately went to our room(s) and ordered room service. The room service was fabulous ( I will touch on the food more later) the first night. The next day as we were waiting for the rest of our party we hung out at the pool. There is an adult only pool which no one adhered to the "adult only" part. The other pool is clearly where all the action is. Daily water polo, water volleyball games etc. The pool side service is ok I guess. There is a slew of guys always coming around wanting to get you a drink. As another reviewer posted they use plastic cups that I personally witnessed not being washed. They dip just the rim in a sanitizer solution very briefly. I also witnessed them filter water out of cups with their hands to re-use the ice. I ALSO witnessed the waiters re-use limes that hadnt been squeezed. This became a reoccuring theme. The waiters (not all because I talked to a few and some of them are genuinely sweet and honest hard workers) are sleaze balls. I witnessed several of them just staring at girls in bikinis and giving preferential treatment to "hot" younger girls. In one instance they kept calling one of the ladies in our party "lady" so she responded by calling him "guy". Now I know we are "gringos" and dont know a ton of spanish but I clearly heard him call her a derogatory name. I dont need to know a bunch of spanish to know that it was the equivalent to a "female dog" in english. The timeshare presentation: So we were staying on an RCI exchange. There were no problems booking or exchanging. No issues checking in or different treatment being an exchange so that was good. I was supposed to attend the presentation one day but my wife wanted no part of it. The refused to let me do it because she wouldnt attend. Ok. Fine with me. lol. At this point it was a few days into our trip and I knew there was a zero chance of buying here because it just wasnt for us, so I was ok with this. I dont think they were. Our initial concierge Helen was nice. She greeted us the first day with a bunch of brochures and information about the resort etc. Everything else they did was with the obvious intention of getting us to that presentation. Helen was off for a couple days during our stay and we were helped by Nora. I found Nora to be very "in your face" and borderline rude (sorry Nora). Anyways, they were of no help during our stay. Upon initial meeting with Helen we were given "gold bracelets" on top of our all inclusive bracelets. These were supposed to be so we could experience what owners experience. Special perks etc. They were absolutely worthless. The concierges dont help you experience the area by GENUINELY helping you find the cheapest ways to get around or to go out to see the sites or what not. All they do is try to sell you the "touristy" packages for astronomical prices. For those of you who have been to mexico they are no different than the people that greet you at the airport and try to sell you things. I have a terrible fear of being taken advantage of and had hoped that our "personal concierge" would actually be of help. They were no different than the people that I spoke of. For instance we arranged with the entertainment staff to go out to Playa Del Carmen one night. Osirus was our chaperone from the hotel We went out with a group of people to Coco Bongo (fabuous by the way). The communication was terrible. We got to Playa and some people had bought tickets previously. One of the gentlemen in our group (an older guy, 50 or so) said he didnt realize that this was a loud club as opposed to a bar. He said he would like to return to the hotel. Osirus told him nope, sorry he couldnt take the free shuttle back and that he was on his own until 4am when the shuttle would return for everyone else. He brought no money with him and was just stranded. I honestly dont know what happened to him. We paid 60 dollars each to get in this place. Upon talking to a couple of women who rode into town with us I found out they paid 100 dollars each. Its this kind of lack of communication and that overwhelming sense of being taken advantage of that will prevent me from returning to this resort. Food: The first nights room service was excellent. The next evening we went to the italian restaurant. It was moderate. Every morning for breakfast we had the buffet. It was decent. Lots of fresh fruits but again nothing special. After a day or two we realized that all of the food comes from the same kitchen and to be honest by the end of our trip we couldnt stand the food anymore. None of it was outstanding. It was all just average. For $130/day or whatever the all inclusive works out to it was just not worth it. Not to mention the "late night" room service (after 11pm) was inedible. I wouldnt be surprised if housekeeping or the concierge made it. Of course this has nothing to do with the fact that my wife and her friend got food poisoning from the beef medallions from the grill. Food prep and sanitary practices are not top priority at all. Beach: Everyone else is right, the beach is not the clear blue water you find everywhere else in Cancun/surrounding areas. I think this might have to do with the long dock and rock jetty(?) that kind of creates a cove of sorts for the resort. I think a lot of sediment and rock gets washed up in this area. As a matter of fact I saw a hotel employee removing rocks from the beach one day for safety. It is a short walk down the beach to the next resort to experience a clear blue ocean that is swimable. This really wasnt. The "sports bar" is a joke. A few tvs and one bartender but it needs something. Not quite sure what but I didnt enjoy it. I feel like I have gone on long enough. I wanted to like this place. I really did. Normally I am not picky at all. I just assumed with all these 4 and 5 star reviews that I would be experiencing paradise. The grounds are immaculate. At least I can say that. If you are a young family with children under 15 or so, this may be for you. If you are a young couple or dont want to be tied down to the resort this place is not for you. A cab ride to Playa del Carmen is 200 pesos minimum and to Cancun it is closer to 500 pesos. EACH WAY! They say they have free shuttle service to Playa del Carmen. What they dont tell you is that it is free at designated times no later than like 12:30pm and you have to pay to come back. If you want to venture out, do a day trip to Cozumel or go out at night you will have to pay a pretty penny. One last thing, this place claims to be eco-friendly and "green" but it is far from it. Paper towels everywhere (as opposed to hand dryers). They ask you to hang your towels if you dont want them to be switched out so we did that. They still gave us new ones. We are from Seattle. I mean we know a little bit about this stuff. They didnt recycle or anything that I noticed. I dont know, it wasnt a big deal, just something I thought I should point out. I know this review is kind of sporadic and all over the place but you can see from my other reviews that I am not normally this negative. Please feel free to ask me any questions that you may have about my review.