I have just returned from the Hacienda Tres Rios, as I went down with my family on a time share presentation deal. When I booked through the representative from Sunset, he told me that this place would "blow me away", as he classed it as a 5 star resort. So of course, I went in with extremely high expectations, which may have been part of the problem, because I was hugely "underwhelmed" by the experience. First, for those wondering about the time share presentation, it did take about 3 hours, but by making it clear at the beginning, that we were not going to purchase anything, and that we had a really bad experience in the past, with over pushy sales people; I would say the whole ordeal was not that bad. As for the resort, there was nothing "grab you" about the place. The entrance, the foyer, the restaurants, were all very average in appearance. Nothing left us with the "wow" factor. The pools were nothing special at all. As for the main beach, it was sandy, and it did have the "King Size Beds", which I suppose was a nice touch . But the swimming was not great, as there was all this "red debris we learned is a result of the mangroves, which the kids when they went into swim, they had it all over them. It went inside their bathing suits, and was a pain to clean off. However, there was a beach, which they don't talk about, and we stumbled across which was very clean. You had to go to the far side of the resort, and cross a small river flowing into the ocean. It was quite isolated, which actually made it quite nice. Yes, I am mentioning a good thing here. My kids acted as though we were on a deserted island. That's how private it was. We were the only people on that beach. Other really good features of the resort would be the 3 rivers, which do flow into the ocean, as well as the 10 Cenotes that are there. The kids had fun in the river where it met the ocean, as you could float and let the current carry you. This was big fun for them. Yes, another positive and new experience. As for the Cenotes, only one was where you could swim. This was also a lot of fun, and a unique experience for us all. This is a big positive for the resort. However, what was disappointing, we were told that there were some very unique caves to see, as well as other Cenotes, which were not actively available to guests, as they were not completed yet??? Of interest, I took my family on a hike in the trails and visited the other Cenotes. Only one other had the clean pristine water for swimming. The others were somewhat darker, and you couldn't see in the water. My kids wanted to go swimming, but I didn't think it was a good idea. And probably a good thought, as at our last dinner, we met with a guest who was a timeshare member, and last year he and his son went for a swim in the second Cenote, and were going to make their way all the way down the river to the ocean. They were on their way, when they looked up, and there was a 7 foot crocodile on the shore of the river. Both the son and father told this story, so I believe it to be true. (Not sure if Crocodiles are in that area, but I thought I should share this story) Okay, let's talk about our room . For the most part, our room was decent. We had the Junior Suite, which had the 2 Queen beds. The beds were fairly comfortable to sleep on. The only complaint about the room was the washroom area was right next to the door entrance to the room. So, whilst I was in the shower, which has a glass door, a maid knocked at the door, and when my wife answered, I looked out, and I could see the maid plain and clear from the shower, which meant she could see me. I hope she liked the surprise! :) So, that is an issue. As well, there is no door to the washroom area for privacy. This is a concern, as my girls are 7 and 9, and we think it not proper that they see Dad in his birthday suit. With the closet complete with glass doors, being right across from the washroom, you really couldn't help but see a person getting dressed in the washroom. May not be a big deal for some, but we felt the room needed more privacy. I'm sure my kids will survive. Okay, let's talk about our ugliest moment. We are from Toronto, Canada, and therefore we were up since 2:00am EST enroute to our holiday. We arrived at the resort at roughly noon hour, Mexican time. We did have a quick bite for lunch when we arrived. But for dinner, we thought as they "bragged" about their excellent room service, and in being that we were all so tired from our travels, that we would order from room service. Hence, I called room service prior to 7:00pm, and was told it would be 45 minutes for the food. It was 8:00pm, and still no food, so I called them again. I was told the food was on the way. Waited another 20 minutes, and still no food. I called again, and was told that they were having issues with their service on this night, but the food would for sure be there within 30 minutes. By this time, my first daughter had fallen to sleep. 30 minutes now passes, and I still don't have anything. And you guessed it, now daughter number 2 has fallen to sleep. Needless to say, both my wife and I were livid, as now our girls had gone to bed with nothing to eat. The food finally arrived at just before 10:00pm. It took 3 hours!!!!! We were both so upset, that we called to speak with a hotel manager, but were politely told that the manager currently on duty couldn't speak English. This experience was horrible. Of course, our girls were going to survive the experience, but this was not necessary. If I had not been told that the food was on the way, I would have just gone to the buffet, and picked up food. Anyway, that was our worst experience. Another thing that I had to complain about, but trust me, we were not the only ones, was the lack of activities during the day around the pool, and especially in the evening. You know, I am not one who enjoys resorts where it is extremely loud, and whistles blowing all the time, and where it is just none stop. But this was the complete opposite. There was very low music playing, and hardly any activities. I would score this resort very poor in this regard. As for the evening entertainment, I should call it lack of entertainment. We met several people who actually complained to management about this. And when entertainment was over, let's say around 8:30, there was absolutely nothing happening. This was not so bad for kids our girl's age, but being 7 and 9, they didn't stay up too late to begin with. But if you had older kids, like several friends we met down there, it was terrible. Pretty much everyone spent their evenings going back to their rooms watching DVD's. Can we all give a collective "fun wow". This is a major problem at this resort. They need someone to teach them what entertaining their guests is all about. It is really a shame. And even with the performances, there was always something lacking. The one night they had what they called a circus. The performers were decent enough, but they were lacking the flair and costumes you will find at other resorts. Actually, all of the uniforms on their staff were lacking. They didn't look as nice and professional as other resorts again we have been too. This was something I noticed as soon as we arrived. On a positive note, the food was quite good. The only complaints that I would agree with, would be that there wasn't enough variety. And it might be nice to have some cold treats somewhere in the resort. Something like ice cream, would have been nice. And they had ice cream, but you had to ask for it. I'm sure most people didn't even know that they had ice cream. Another positive thing to note here was the fact that you could ask for many items not on the menu, and they would get it for you. If you wanted a lobster dinner, they would provide one for you, as long as you gave them some notice. So, this definitely was a perk!!! Anyway, this is my own personal and honest opinion of the resort. The overall sad thing is that they do have a wondeful property, and I believe they could offer so much more, so that they don't have guests writing such negative reports on their stay. Take my comments for what they are!