When you arrive at the airport you will be directed to purchase either a 95.00 cab ride, or pay 32.00 a piece for the shuttle. We took the shuttle. It was fairly quick, easy, and painless. Upon arrival check-in was interesting. We were told the room was ready, then told to sit in the lobby and wait for the key. Well after an hour of sitting I addressed the situation. Here the entire time we were waiting for someone from the hotel 'time share' staff to come and talk to us. Soon as I figured that out I demanded a key, told them no time share for me, and off we went. The grounds of the resort are pretty nice. All the staff was super friendly. They were always working to clean up or keep things looking nice. Rooms were pretty nice. Bedding, feather bed, was to die for. I especially enjoyed the balcony. TV was decent. AC worked very well. Shower and bath area was very nice. There is a hair dryer and safe in the room. One nice feature is there is FREE wireless internet everywhere. My girlfriend tried doing homework and uploading it, that didn't work well, but simple surfing of the net for emails worked well. Food, well, my experiences with most time shares is that food isn't so great. This was much the same. The breakfast buffet was ok, all other buffet meals were terrible. The Italian restaurant was ok, Asian restaurant was better, the grill out by the pool was pretty fair, pizza place was ok. Sports bar was a total joke. The pools are pretty nice. I liked the layout of the pools. There were lots of spots to relax in the pool away from others. Plenty of lounge chairs, drink service at the pool was good also. Please note there is NO swim up bar. The water at the beach, well, trust me, you'll never get in it. It is NASTY!!! Very dirty, ocean floor is spongy. When I tried walking through this area my feet sank in to above my ankles. We took a 15.00 cab ride to Playa del Carmen. It was a 22.00 cab ride to Xcaret. Would I stay here again, uh, no. There are too many other places out there I'd rather try. I stayed at the Grand Bavaro last year and enjoyed it much better. This resort isn't bad because of lack of effort. The food is terribly disappointed, ocean front water area is terrible, I'd like to have a swim-up bar. I purchased my trip through a bid for site, so I paid only 90.00 per person per night. Had I paid 300 a night a person like I saw on many sites, I'd have been totally irritated!!!