Our first time in Cancun, stayed here with spouse, teenager and elderly aunt Christmas week 2010. The "all-inclusive" is a rip-off; food choices are limited (especially the buffet breakfast-UGH) and the "beach" is muddy and horrible for swimming. Everything related to this place is WAY overpriced (hotel-sponsored tours, car rentals, etc.). The resort does not have snorkel equipment or bikes you can use unless you go on their "tours." The rooms were modern, clean, spacious and nicely furnished. But it took 20 minutes for the water to heat up enough to take a shower (no exaggeration) and the walls are PAPER THIN! If you are a light sleeper, this resort will be your worst nightmare. Every night someone in the room above us was moving something around, scraping the floor, and I could hear every word said in the next room, and people walking down the hallway echoed loudly into our room. The swimming pools were ice cold, and the spa closed every night @ 9pm for cleaning, so forget about that relaxing late-night soak. The service was good (not outstanding); but once again, the food was surprisingly mediocre and I am by no means a food snob. I will give them thumbs up for the generous amounts of alcohol (you have to beg for the good tequila). We had one server, Gregorio, who was exceptional; quick to refill drinks and suggest food choices that were available but not on the menu (otherwise, how would you know?) He always remembered what we liked and was quick to help us. Another thing we were not aware of is this resort is very isolated, no shopping or local restaurants close by. You have to take the resort shuttle or a taxi to get anywhere, and the shuttle does not run very often. Overall, the resort itself and the grounds are beautiful, but if you like spending time on the beach (why else would you even go to Cancun?) then this is not the resort to choose. We spent our last day at the sister resort, Sunset Fishermen, in Playa Del Carmen. It was much better, steps from the beautiful white sand beach, within walking distance to shops, restaurants, etc. Too bad we only had one day at Sunset Fishermen :(