This was our first trip to Mexico and we were expecting something amazing and relaxing. Although we had a wonderful time we were disppointed with several of the services and the food. We did not have an all inclusive package because they wanted to charge us $150US per person, per day. This was ridiculous for us because I'm a vegetarian and we don't drink that much. We were really surprised by prices for food and drinks at the resort. (read more under negatives) Positives: The beach was quiet and in good condition because there are no resorts close on either side. They are working on extending the beach and hopefully cleaning up the sandy water. Our room was beautiful, clean and well stocked. We did leave a $5 tip daily, which some of the other guests seemed to think was too much but the cleaning staff worked hard. The shower was amazing and the jacuzzi on the patio was a nice touch. The grounds were really well kept and we enjoyed exploring the grounds. There are several paths to take and cenotes (swimming holes) on the property. Some of the cenotes are a little smelly but really neat to see. The adult pool was pretty quiet and the service was good at the pool. There are lots of seats and it was fairly empty. The one positive for food was the pizza cafe by the pool. Fresh oven roasted pizza that was very yummy. Negatives...where do I start... We seemed to be one of the only couples on the resort who were not all inclusive and felt that because of that we were treated differently. We did attend the free mexican buffet on Sunday but everything else cost us way too much money. We felt the food portions were very small ($35US for a steak, with 3 potato wedges and a bun and $14US for a starter size salad, I could go on) Drinks were $10US for a pina colada and $4US for a coke without free refills. After the first day and our unexpected $75US buffet breakfast we decided we were going to try and avoid breakfast and only eat lunch and dinner. The food wasn't even that good, we were very disappointed and felt like we were being taken advantage of because we can get better meals with bigger portions and for less money back home. We ended up taking a cab to Playa Del Carmen ($15US one way) to eat because the prices and the food was much better. Kids are everywhere. We did not realize how many families were there, which is fine but kids were running down the hotel hallways at 7am and waking us up. The kids pool had 3 hot tubs in it and none at the adult pool. We really wanted to go into the hot tub but there were always kids and families in there. We never did go into the hot tubs. At the beach people would go and put their stuff on the cabanas early in the morning so if you wanted to sit at the beach you had to go early. This was a little frustrating because we went to the beach one morning at 10am and there was no where for us to sit, so we went to the pool. The sports bar was a joke, 4 tables in a very large and empty lounge. No food, only drinks. 5 TV all showing soccer. Not our ideas of a typical sports bar. Because we were not all inclusive, they also wanted to charge us for activities on the resort. For example, $29US per person to use the Kayaks and $29US per day to use the gym. We would recommend this resort for families but if you want to relax and also have a good time this is not the place.