A very clean, sterile new hotel on the peninsula, unfortunately, too sterile for me. Pros- Very clean Great service Cons- Food is good, unfortunately the restaurants try too hard, just about everything has too many tastes, ingredients, fancy words, etc. Luckily at the mexican restaurant they will make you basic mexican food thats not on the menu, because most of the stuff on the menu was gross. What I ended up getting was awesome, steak fajitas one night and mole chicken enchilladas the next. The staff was 5 star definitely. The "Asian" food was terrible. One of the restaurants is a pizza stand. Make it a taco-burrito stand. I am in mexico because I want mexican food, not pizza. The whole timeshare thing, when you check in they immediately try to get you to do the time share thing, we opted out and were not pestered again because of it. The thing that sucks is I paid for the ALL INCLUSIVE! Totally annoying to speak with other people at the hotel who got free lobster dinners, free access to their sister hotel in Playa Del Carmen and all of it's amenities, and shuttles into and back from playa del carmen for free because they had TIMESHARE BRACELETS! So much for ALL INCLUSIVE! How much would it really put them out to offer this stuff to people they sell a service thats supposed to be ALL INCLUSIVE! The last place I stayed was Xpu Ha, an animal sanctuary turned hotel that is part of a chain that includes hotel giants like the Adventura and Moon Palace. It was an all inclusive that was very secluded, had great pools, great food and tons of wildlife. At hacienda tres rios I went walking everyday and kayaked two rivers and saw a total of 5 iguanas and some crabs. With Xpu Ha we got free excursions and access to all of the hotels in their chain, and all of those hotels amenities for free. Now that's ALL INCLUSIVE! If and when I return to the Yucatan Peninsula I will not roll the dice again, Xpu Ha was amazing, a very clean hotel with a very unique layout and great everything. All in all not a terrible hotel, but definitely not a 5 star. Lots of energy was put into making it a clean sterile hotel, not enough was put into giving it personality. We brought our 6 month old, she was treated awesome, got a great crib for our room and a highchair, no problem. Like I mentioned previously the staff was absolutely the best. The beach was getting worked on and was pure mud, but the beds on the beach were very clean and relaxing. Maybe when they work out their kinks this place will be worth a higher rating, but do not be fooled into paying for a 4 or 5 star experience.