I visited resort as a secrete travel agent, so I looked for details. Check- in is easy and uncomplicated, greeted with a smile at front desk. Only complaint about front desk is they refuse to give out change in US currency, this should be a welcomed service based on the volume of American guest. Concierge is very accommodating until you don't purchase at the owners presentation! 90min. presentation is actually 5 hours, beware, much pressure!! Rooms are very clean and acceptable except for two major concerns, the air conditioner system in master bedrm went out almost daily and temps were in 90's all week. Resort power went out several times during the week for brief periods but caused air circulation throughout the resort to suffer for several hours afterwards. Beds are comfy but pillows are horrible and sheets have a strange odor even after nightly changes. Room designs and layout are awesome! All restaurant food is very average but waiters are very accommodating. Major PROBLEM in the indoor international buffet restaurant is the FLIES! They are everywhere and on all the food. The resort did not have this problem under control! The best waiter in the entire resort was Carlos Alberto, he is excellent at what he does and is very humble! He would be an asset to any resort. We will be recommending him in the travel industry! You can appreciate this after paying the all inclusive fees. The restaurant manager, Samuel Vargas, on the other hand was horrible!!!!! He only catered to certain guest and did not make all guest feel welcomed and appreciated. We even saw him take tips off the table that were clearly left for the hard working waiters but maybe he distributes their tips to them??? That is when we decided if we were going to leave an extra tip for our waiter we put it in their hand. Samuel's social skills were zero depending on who you were, but Samuel you never know who is in your restaurant and it pays to treat all guest with kindness and respect. Tony in activities, keep up the great job! Resort activities are well planned. Shuttle drivers are great. Resort has a very good security system in place to keep up with the comings and goings of all guest. We felt very safe. Beach lovers there is no access to the resort beach area at this time but the views are wonderful. Resort location is about 15 min to downtown Playa ($14 cab fare each way) and to ferry to Cozumel. 30min to Cancun($40 each way in cab). Gardeners are doing a fantastic job with resort landscaping!