I want to start by saying we visted this resort of our own volition, to check it out for a future trip we have planned for dec 2010/jan 2011. We did not spend the night , and we have decided not to stay here in the future. On April 12 we were staying at the delightful resort of Ceiba Del Mar in Puerto Morelos ( Heaven on Earth) when I suggested to my husband that we take a taxi ride to visit a new resort I had heard of, Hacienda Tres Rios. For our upcming trip we are bringing our 26 year old daughter and we felt she may be a bit bored in the quiet atmosphere of a small spa resort that we have stayed at the past 2 years( Ceiba Del Mar) So we call a taxi and headed down the highway 25 mins. First off, the taxi driver had no idea where it was, and he had been a driver fro many years. We found it, as it does have a big sign out on the highway. It took us 5 mintues to convince the guards on the gates we were not terrorists, seems no one just shows up there on their own to look at the place ( we didn't realize at the time that this place is notorious for trying to sell timeshares to its paying guests and anyone who will take a free brakfast , cab ride etc) It is a long driveway from the highway, so if you were to want to take a collectivo to town, it would be quite a walk, but enjoyable. WHen we arrived at the front door of the resort, it was a beautiful building, very high end service from the doormen and concierge, I observed some guests having their rental cars retrieved and parked for them and very friendly staff. We were taken inside and asked to wait in the lobby, where their are numerous seating areas set up with sofa and chairs in a cosy arrangement. We were approached by a lady named Shakira, who I immediately pegged as a time share rep , being a veteran of presentations myself( always resisted :)) I explained to her that we had just taked a taxi from Puerto Morelos to see their resort as we were intersted in staying there in December. She looked at me like she had just got a bad taste in her mouth ( I almost laughed) and declared that staying at Tres Rios would not be possible as it was a "Private Club". I smiled and advised her that I didn't think that was the case since I had seen rooms available for bidding on on line auction sites for very favorable prices and winning bids in the vicinity of 50 pp All inc plus tax a night. Now the gloves were off (LOL). She tells me to take a taxi back to my hotel and they will send a free taxi to get me int he morning. I say NO, I am already here and I want to see the place, I have plans for the next day, Then she starts offering me $$, massages and free meals. I tell her, you don't understand I am already here and I am not looking for anything free, I just want to see the resort. She says this is not possible. I smile sweetly. My husband is getting flustered, he does not like uncomfortable situations. After about 25 mins standoff, she waves her had at me in disgust and says okay go and see the resort...I don't care. I say thank you and off we go to see the grounds and visit the public areas on our own. I already knew I had no intention of staying at a place where people talk to you in this way... The grounds are immpeccably maintained, the pools were clean and the grass manicured beautifully. There were a lot of staff gardening, cleaning etc. In fact there were as many staff as guests, the place was pretty dead. It was around 11am, in the morning. THere is a pizza restaurant with a large oven to cook wood fired pizza, YUM. We walked down to the beach, now this is where I really have to say the place falls down. The beach appears to have been created to some extent.The sand is not the same as other sand on that stretch of coast ( I have stayed in the area on the beach 9 times) and appears to have been brought in from elsewhere. The water was calm, but was a brown brackish color (yuck), not the beutiful turquoise of many beaches in the area. No one was on the beach or in the water,( any guests we saw were in or at the pool) and I personally would not go in the ocean at this resort. I understand it is probably a dense sea grass that causes this appearance, but it was really uninviting. Now for the rivers and canoes and eco experience, we saw one river winding through the resort ,it was greenish slimy looking water and although it didn;t smell bad, I think the potential was there, and I am guessing the mosquitos may enjoy that environment also. Back to the lobby. I cannot tell you again how beautiful the lobby is ( Of course that is not why one goes to a resortLOL) Off the lobby there is a sports bar, a pastry cafe(both deserted) an ATM machine( thumbs up) and a car rental counter ( also great idea) I did not get to see the rooms, but at a new resort like this i am sure they are beautiful. Overall I personally would not stay here due to the snotty ":private club" attitude and the poor quality of the beach and the ocean. If you are not a beach person and you can get a smoking deal on this place , maybe at an on line auction, and are okay renting a car, I think it would be good value.