As a travel snob who relies heavily on TA for its reviews, I'm really going to have to start questioning the travel experience of many of the reviewers on TA who go to Mexico and nowhere else in the world. I went in expecting to be amazed at every turn and was promptly let-down throughout my stay. That said, the place is not a dump nor did I not have fun. I enjoyed myself but the reviews elevated H3R beyond reality. The whole eco stuff always makes me chuckle at resorts, no matter their physical footprint. It's more of a marketing tool because all resorts do similar "recycling" programs based solely on cost-containment. But I digress. Check-in wasn't terribly great. We were two friends traveling with the honeymoon package and we had to sit through our very personable concierge's itinerary for us. We were tired from a long day of travel and just wanted our room. But, she was cordial and well-informed ~ maybe let us check-in and set a time to get our dinner and massage schedule. Rooms are tragically average. They have no character, no charm, no interesting design. If you've ever been to any resort in Mexico, expect more of the same. The one thing H3R's room offer is youth. The resort is relatively new so the animals who go to AI's have yet to destroy these rooms. The upside is there aren't many of the typical AI-types there so you get less braided-hair/NASCAR tank couples than in Cancun. Maybe the rooms will stay decent for a few years. Beds were comfy, that's for sure. We both slept well and really appreciated the TempurPedic pillows. The ICE system is a POS and H3R should remove it because it really diminishes your experience and harms the brand. EVERYONE we spoke to either had issues with it or didn't even have one in their room because it was broken. Food was the most underwhelming part. I traveled with a Foodie (and Drinkie) so she was unimpressed much of the time (aside from lunch and some desserts). I enjoyed the food from an AI point-of-view but wouldn't call it haute cuisine outside the resort. It was a bit repetitive and seemed to only utilize a few staples for all dishes. We both loved the sea bass for lunch and we'd suggest ordering it grilled instead of with the sauce they smother the flavor with. Their rice cannelloni dessert was yummylicious. I also enjoyed the Honeymoon Lobster Dinner which 3 times the size/weight of the regular lobster you can order a day in advance. We also had the Chef's Dinner and like all reviewers, I suggest this. The tacky, touristy feel of the "impromptu" dinning setting off the kitchen was forced for the concept, but OK, I get it, we're touristing. Oscar, charming as every review says, creates some interesting courses. Not Michelin Diamond-level but you will certainly enjoy his choices. Breakfast was beige. Over-cooked and dry everything. Fruit was fresh and yummy. They have a drink there and the name escapes me but it's something like the Skin Refresher... very very good. The eco-tour was a total joke. I have to question the other reviewers' level of cultural sophistication because our tour was 20 minutes down a clear creek. It anti-WOW'ed me. Pools were separated enough so you could do your thing be it splash or chill and not bug anyone. The pools also seemed to have an inordinately large number of chairs based on occupancy but that would be nit-picking and I've done enough of that already. Moving on to the beach. Quiet, mostly soft (enough), ample Bali beds, not much foot traffic from the other resorts nearby. A great place to relax and do nothing. The water is murky in sections and they say it'll clear up once they regrow/recrop the mangroves but you have a pool if you want water. Massage is a total joke. Skip this part. It's a total FAIL. Plus, they're not marketed as a spa destination yet they charge Canyon Ranch rates. You will be upset at the $180USD kinda-sorta massage. If there's only one thing you take away from this review it should be to avoid this profit-center. With all the negative stuff being said, you'd think I hated H3R, but I didn't hate it at all. I'm simply pointing out things I felt were deficient so you can have a more accurate expectation level. I'd recommend H3R to my friends and think if you want a very relaxed resort that's not a boring mega-resort, H3R will fit the bill. You'll be fed well, you can drink as much or as little, and it will seem like there aren't many others to bug your holiday. Even the kids were well-mannered, a rare treat at ANY hotel. If you're a Peninsula/Park Hyatt person, you'll be unimpressed but will still enjoy your time. If you're more of a Westin/Sheraton person you'll love this place and hold it in high regard. Have fun.