I will start off by saying that we have stayed at 2 other all-inclusive resorts along the Riviera Maya (Riu and Palladium), so that is what we are basing any comparisons in this review on. Upon checking in, we immediately noticed several people at the front desk drinking what looked like fruit juice cocktails and beer. We thought we would be offered a welcome drink, but were not. Not a big deal, maybe they got them elsewhere. However, later in the week we noticed the juice service set up on the front table in the lobby. No one ever came around to offer you a drink -- you had to go see them instead. This would be the norm throughout the rest of our trip. After finding out that our room was not ready yet, we were asked to sit down in the lobby and wait for the concierge to "welcome" us. As it turns out, this was really a pitch to get you to take the timeshare tour. Before we even had seen our room or the resort, this is the first impression that they give. Luckily, we had read about these practices beforehand and had decided before checking in that we would pass on their offer. They did offer "a $400 value" in services, but we stood firm and declined. After the presentation, we were given our room key, and the front desk worker told us that our travel agent requested no wrist bands for the week. We thought that was odd since we used a well-known Internet site, but didn't think much of it at the time. Our room was very nice - just like the pictures and kept clean all week. I paid special attention to the workmanship of the room since they claim to be a 5-star resort, but found it to be comparable to others we've stayed in while in Mexico. Nice, but not extravagant. The jacuzzi tub on our balcony worked fine, as did the in-room computer (for the most part). The computer is a fun toy to have (it functions much like an iPhone I would say), but definitely not a necessity. Especially since whenever we wanted to use it to order a service (one time for housekeeping, twice for room service), it didn't place the order. Still, it is helpful for checking out dining menus ahead of time, and can also be used to get onto the Internet (for free). Based on the investment they made in this technology, I do think it could have been better, such as having information on the town, directions, etc. I'm not sure if they offer non- all-inclusive plans, but they have prices on the menus as if they do. We did not see anyone paying for meals however. If you are thinking of a plan without meals, be aware that the prices are outrageous. It would have been nearly $100 US for a basic lunch for two and twice that for a nice dinner. The number of people taking part in the timeshare tours was crazy. As we sat by the pool on any given day, we saw a group go by every 20 minutes during most mid-day hours. Throughout the trip, we felt as though the time share prospects were more of the "haves" and we were the "have-nots" as it was very obvious that a bigger effort was made to impress them throughout the week versus us "regulars". We weren't wearing bands while the rest of them were, which is how we assumed the servers know your status. For example, we saw two different groups dining with timeshare salesmen one night in the Mexican restaurant, and both were offered steak and lobster, which was not on the menu, while we were not. We read on Trip Advisor that you can order items that are not on the menu, but no one went out of their way to tell us that like they did at the timeshare tables. It just seems like every effort is made to impress the prospects, while the rest of the guests are just "average". We paid a lot of money to stay at HTR and did not think this was fair. Another example of catering to the "VIP's" was that there was a wedding on Saturday night while we were there. While this is no big deal to us, they shut down the sports bar (for a large portion of the evening) and the outside restaurant to the rest of the guests. Without the sports bar open, there is almost nothing to do at night, not even anywhere to get a drink after 10:30 pm when the bar in the Mexican restaurant closes. We thought they could have made other accommodations for the guests that were not part of the wedding. Service by the pool was very spotty. Sometimes they would ask if you wanted a drink, most times they would just walk right by and purposely avoid eye contact with you as to avoid having to take your order. One time our lunch order was completely forgotten, and the waiter told us one hour later that he simply forgot. The pools are kept very nice and don't seem to get much use. It was relatively easy to get a chair...some people play the "towel game" but not many. The beach is as everyone describes - seaweed/mangrove roots on the sand and dirty brown water. Workers were out there every day all day long cleaning it up (seems like a losing battle). But we knew this ahead of time from reading reviews here, so it wasn't a big deal. The rivers were more interesting to us, since they are different from most other resorts. While they have various guided tours (kayaking, snorkeling), they don't really advertise the fact that you can do these on your own at any time you want. We constantly had to prompt our guide for more information, as she always gave out as little as possible. For example, we took a group bike tour, and we were with a group much slower than us. The guide noticed that we were bored and said that we could take the bikes on our own some other time. However, I had to prompt for more information such as "where do you get the bikes?" and "when can you get them?". The exact same thing happened when kayaking as well. We felt as though they didn't advertise their nature activities to the maximum extent considering that it really sets them apart. The sports bar was the only place to go after 10:00pm, and even then on some nights it was completely dead. There just isn't much going on at this place. A few nights they did have shows (fire show, Mayan show, Canadian Idol winner played for us), but none of these were very heavily attended. The fire show was of very good quality though. Two of the activities directors (Tony and Andy) made good efforts to get people involved (volleyball during the day, dancing in the bar at night). In fact, they seemed like the two happiest people at the resort. A visit to a nightclub in PDC was also set up and attended by them one night. It's just that most people don't take part in these things. Regarding the head chef, Oscar, he is as good as everyone else says. We saw him every day around all parts of the resort. When he was around, the service improved. It was obvious that all of the other workers put much more effort in when he was watching. The food was good in all of the restaurants; the buffet was just average. Overall, we picked this place because of prior good reviews on Trip Advisor, but based on current reviews and our own experience, this place seems to be going downhill fast. Had we not visited other resorts in the past, we might have had a better rating of HTR, but knowing what else is out there for the price, this place is just average.