We traveled with friends to the Tres Rios resort. This was a promotion trip that our friends had invited us to. My wife and I travel extensively in Mexico 4-5 times a year. We are ok with our Spanish and can interact with most residents. We found the resort very nice and most people very accomodating. The activities are really cool...from kayaking to sailing, exploring Cenote's and bike riding or just hanging on the beach. We found the pool to be another awesome place to catch sun and have a cerveza. We attended the promotional seminar and even though we were not interested did not think it was high pressure and everyone was polite. We were able to sign for all food and drink and this was included in our package. We were invited to attend the Chef's table and were told that we could pick any bottle of wine on a particular list for 16.00US. My friend and I signed up for ourselves and our spouses, and reiterated the price for the bottle of wine. We verifed that the cost of the wine was once again 16.00US (twice before we picked our bottles). I drink roughly a bottle of wine every night in the US so I was surprised at the offer. It is unusual to find CA wine in Mexico so I was very impressed with the offer! We concluded our selections and the next night attended the Chef's table. The executive chef, Oscar wasgreat, he spent time with us and explained everything he was serving and we had a wonderful time sipping wine and lauging and eating. The rest of our stay was equally enjoyable...until WE CHECKED OUT! My friend and I had arranged transportation in advance and went to check out 15 minutes before our scheduled departure. This is when our enjoyable trip changed.....we both noticed we were charged $150.00US each for our bottles of wine!!!! Of course we questioned the charges and were told that we were never told this. I was in shock, they ushered our concierge (Helen) over to the front desk to rudley reiterate that we were never told this, funny thing is she is not the one who told us this...so why was she in our face? Then another employee came to the front desk (our shuttle had already left) and said she was the one who took our wine order and never told us this! Then proceeded to tell us that employee's would have to pay the difference if we did not pay the tab and they were unable to check us out of the hotel. My friend and I were not very happy, where or how could we come up with such a ridicoulous story! My spanish is not that bad to misunderstand such an offer and the fact both my friend and I heard the exact same offer! We were embarresed and felt like the staff was accusing us of coming up with this ridicolus story to get out of paying for the wine!!!!! No offer was made for the misunderstanding. We closed our tabs, had to wait another half hour for another shuttle and were disappointed that our wonderful trip came to an end on such a sour note!