After reading the reviews on Penn Tower, I seriously considered canceling my reservation for the week when my grandson would be at CHOP. It seemed to be so helpful to have a room directly across the street so after talking with a manager I decided to keep the reservation and take my chances. I am so thankful I did. The hotel is old and many things are in need of renovation. It is no longer a full service hotel but the staff is very courteous and helpful. The beds were comfortable and linens were changed every day. The bathroom did need repairs (cracked sink, very slow running water in the shower were the biggest problems) but the tile floor was very clean. The view of the UPENN campus as well as center city skyline was wonderful. The archeology museum right next door would be great for spending many hours if one had the time. Dial up internet is available. The TV is not premium but local stations provide news and weather, etc. They have a hair dryer, iron and board, coffee pot and coffee. There is a coffee shop in the lobby open from 6:30 until 2 PM. The vending machine as well as ice was working and filled every time I checked. Nice gift shop is open until 7 with flowers, snacks, etc. There are plenty of options for food during the day including vendor carts right outside the hotel. Dinner is not so easy but cabs are available to take you to a restaurant if your schedule permits. Otherwise the hospital cafeterias are open for dinner until 7:30. McDonalds is right in the CHOP lobby. Parking is at such a premium that having a parking place was very helpful. There are other hotels on the UPenn campus, but this one is much more convenient to the hospitals. The cost including tax and phone charges and parking was $645 for 4 nights-hospital rate-not cheap but being 5 minutes away from my daughter and grandson was so helpful. I could take her clothes each morning so she didn't have to keep everything in the small hospital room. I could take new things each day for him to play with. She could have taken a nap had she chosen to do so. I certainly will stay there again if we have to be at the hospital overnight.