My husband and I stayed at the Dana for a Friday and Saturday night in November. We traveled to Chicago for a long weekend get away, and were looking forward to relaxation. We'll start by saying that we enjoyed many aspects of the hotel, though had a few minor issues. We checked in on Friday and requested an upper level room, hoping for nice views. We were placed on the 24th (of 26) floor, in a nicely appointed room. The bed was quite comfortable, had a plush down comforter and down pillows. The i-pod speaker system was very convenient, and definitely was a nice addition. The shower was big enough for two adults, and the bathroom as a whole was very nice. Friday night, both my husband and I were quite tired after a long work week, and wanted to rest and go to bed early. At approximately 9 pm, we began hearing rather loud, thumping bass music. We waited several hours, attempting to determine where the sound was coming from?! At 11 pm, the bass continued to be quite loud and slightly disrupting when attempting to fall asleep. My husband called down to the front desk reporting the noise and was advised they would further investigate. At 11:30, the same music continued, and we called down to the front desk again. Finally, at 12:15, my husband went in search of where the sound was coming from. At that point, he realized there was a night club on the 26th (top) floor, with music that could be heard several floors down. He requested a room transfer, and we moved (at 1 am) to the 12th floor, where it was thankfully quiet. The hotel did give us a complimentary bottle of wine, which was a nice compensation. Saturday night, many night club patrons were also in the hotel elevators, and the music was again noted to be loud on the upper floors. So, a suggestion may be to avoid the upper level rooms if you are a light sleeper, or want a quiet room atmosphere. Overall, we enjoyed the room, but personally felt like old-fogeys (we are in our early 30's?), in the trendy, chic atmosphere of the hotel.