1st, it's a fine hotel. I know my rating is a little low, but there were a few things that frustrated me with the hotel, and as a result I lowered my rating. The rooms were clean, the staff was very friendly, and the decor is nice. But they try so hard to be "funky, hip and cool" that they lose the ability to be practical. Some examples for you. They place the face cloths in the sink area, and the hand towels in the shower area. Then, once I fetch a hand towel, I have no place to hang it up in the sink area. It ends up lying on the counter beside the sink. The "closet" to hang up your clothes consists of a 10 inch bar at a 45 degree angle and little knobs down the bar to catch the hangars. It looks nice and takes up very little room, but try using it! It's impossible to manage the cloths on this bar. And finally, you're going to shake your head at me for this, but you know how all hotels give you a pad of paper and a pen to write with? Well here they still give you the paper, but instead of a pen they give you a pencil. Yah, a pencil. Try writting a postcard with a pencil and then mailing it. All these things are meant to be inline with the brand, but I didn't care for it. Plus, there was a problem with the bill (1 night stay with no incidentals, and they make a mistake). It was taken care of, but it was just another frustration I had to deal with 5 minutes before the shuttle leaves. Oh, and that's another thing. The shuttle. If you stay here, DO NOT stand at the "hotel shuttle" post outside the airport. They don't stop here (after 20 minutes of waiting I figured it out). They stop at post #2 called "Parking and Via Rail" and arrive about every 15 minutes or so. There is a free phone beside the baggage claim to the hotel. There is coffee in your room, but only enough to make 1 cup of regular coffee, or one cup of decaf. You may have to share. And one last thing, do your research for food. Their selection is very limited and quite expensive. We ended up eating at the airport on arrival and departure days. Sorry so negative here when the other posts are so possitive. I guess this is a great hotel for some people, but I was just frustrated by it. Although at $105 it was the cheapest one around.