My husband and I chose this hotel because it was rated the #2 hotel in San Diego on your web site. What are all these other people "smoking?" What a joke and a cruel one at that. This was a weekend get away for my husband and I. Very disappointing! The front desk staff acted like we were an inconvenience for them. We arrived at 3:00 PM and I said that we would wait to get a room with a nice view. A couple of weeks prior to our stay, I had talked with front desk staff and requested a room with a view of Liberty Park and/or bay. I am also a Marriott Reward Program member and have been for 30 years. On my rewards data, I have a permanent request for a high floor. Granted this hotel only has four floors. Well, it took us three rooms to get one with an acceptable view. First we were sent to a room on the second floor looking at a concrete roof and concrete wall of the next building. The next room, also second floor, all you saw when you looked out from the room was the high wall of the patio. The room was among their smallest, and it felt like you were in a dungeon. If you went out on the patio and looked over the top of the wall, you would see water. If you looked down, you saw roof. The third room was OK. We had to wait 30 minutes for it to be ready. Which was fine, and what we had said repeatedly when we first checked in. Third floor room, looked out over the roof of the portico at front of hotel, but did have a little view of distant hillside of Point Loma. We were tired by this time. Oh, the keys didn't work, so we had to go back to the front desk, again. We almost checked out on Saturday, but then decided to stay. I didn't sleep much at all the first night. The air conditioner sounded like a freight train was coming through the room, so every time it turned all, I would wake up. You would think that there would be better sound proofing in the newer hotels. People talking next door, doors banging, woke me at 1:00 AM. My husband said he thought someone was running the olympics above us. The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable. The room decor is also very nice. Probably will NOT go back.