Travelodges are much of a muchness really, and this one isn't any different. The overall strategy is clear - cost reduce everything in sight so that the core offering - a clean, and pleasant roof over your head is at a competitive price. And it is getting harder and harder to find a sub 100 room in a big name chain in this part of London anyway now that the Eurostar comes into St. Pancras - and as Premier Inn seems to be going further upmarket - their Euston branch across the road is now seldom under 110 a night now no matter when you try to book it seems. That just be my bad luck, so don't quote me on that figure! I paid 79 per night for three nights and this was the flexible rate - which is still cancel-able with no penalty. You can go cheaper if you go for the Saver, non-refundable, pay upfront rate, but on this occasion it only represented a 15 saving and really wasn't worth the risk. Location wise you cannot fault it - literally next door to Euston railway station, and a short 5 minute walk from St Pancras/King's Cross. Camden Town is a 15 minute walk away, and you can get a Tube to pretty much anywhere from Euston anyway. The real advantage it has is that it is one block back from the busy Euston Road, so noise isn't as big a problem as those hotels (the Premier Inn Euston for example) that are right on it. With regard to the room/experience itself - if easyJet or Ryanair did hotels, this would be what they'd look like! So there is no bath, just a shower. There are no complimentary toiletries (save for a tiny carbolic-like bar of soap) You get plastic cups instead of glass tumblers. El Cheapo tea and coffee. The decor is incredibly white and soulless. You have to ask for a second set of towels as they are not given to you automatically. There isn't even a phone to the concierge - which means you have to use your mobile to go via the Travelodge switchboard to phone the hotel from the outside. Wi-fi is chargeable. The bar only sells bottled beverages (at the time of writing they are going a good promotion on Peroni beer - 2 for 5 - useful given London pub prices!!). You are also encouraged to use the self-check in machine at the door - which for some reason allocated me a disabled room that I didn't ask for - I had to instead go through two members of staff before I found one that was willing to change it for a standard double. Quite frankly the bar/dining area (down in the basement) is tiny - so I'd imagine that they positively expect most guests not to go for the buffet breakfast, which says a lot for the likely quality of it. But I might be wrong of course.....I can recommend a good greasy spoon cafe on Eversholt Street about 3 minutes walk away! Overall then - a good hotel for the price paid. Yes, there were niggles - but it is perfect for those wanting to go cheap, but not risk getting your fingers burnt with one of the smaller independents in the area or one of those utterly dreadful tourist hotels around the Russell Square area (read my review on The President to see what I mean....). As I say, there is the Premier Inn across the road or the ibis Euston which I'd choose over this place if it was a like for like comparison on price. Good, but average.