We stayed at the Wyndham Garden in mid-June at a really great rate for NYC. The location is the best attribute of this hotel. Union Square, the Flatiron building, the Empire State building, Little India, and Penn Station are all withing reasonable walking distance. There are two subway stations on different lines within a block of the hotel. Plenty of options for meals, drinks, shopping, etc. Overall, Chelsea is very nice and much less touristy than Midtown. The hotel was just ok due to a few problems during our stay. We were given a clean room on the 6th floor on the back with the view of an airshaft. Free Wi-Fi was nice, but a little slow. The room was pretty small, but NYC generally has small rooms. We had a wardrobe for hanging clothes with an iron, ironing board inside and small coffee maker/set. One of the problems we had was a lack of any places to set anything down in the room (other than the floor). In the entire room, we only had one small nightstand. As a result, you have to try and sqeeze your wallet, keys, guidebook, map, subway card, drink, watch, remote control, clock, etc. on that one nightstand. I am not sure where you are supposed to actually MAKE the coffee. We tried making ours on the top of the toilet tank and on the floor. No closet. No desk or safe in the room although they are listed as amenities on the website. They did deliver a safe to go in our wardrobe when we requested it. I had to go to the front desk to get more shampoo and conditioner because they didn't give us anymore when they cleaned the room. The bed was the highpoint of the room itself. It was a large, King bed with nice linens and pillows. During our stay, they were in the process of renovating the restaurant downstairs. As a result, we listened to hammers and banging if we were in the room during the day. As others have said, the shower design is terrible. It is impossible to shower and not get most of the bathroom floor wet. As referenced by a previous reviewer, the first morning we woke up at the Wyndham Garden there was no hot water. The staff apologized and suggested that it might be repaired soon, but we waited for a while and, in the end, took cold showers. For the same price, I would probably stay at this hotel again and hope that the stay would be better. The location, cleanliness, and price is what would bring me back.