Stayed here March 12th for 1 night pre-cruise. It's a relatively nice looking hotel - probably used for conferences, as it has that 'conference' feel about it. The layout is somewhat of a pain in the rear, as you get in at the ground floor, go up a couple floors in an elevator where you get to the lobby, then walk around the lobby bar to get to the next set of elevators that go up to the rooms. Just seemed like we kept waiting for, or walking to, elevators. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Workout area was a little small, but had enough machines and weights for a hotel of this size. Pool area was nice, as was the lobby bar and lobby restaurant. Food and drinks were expensive, just to let you know. Most staff were courteous, but as per below, not all of them. Our flight arrived early, so we figured our 2 rooms wouldn't be ready. And we were right. It was about 10am and the front desk person said they were full the night before, so all rooms had to be cleaned, BUT they were cleaning one of our rooms right now and the other one would take a little while. Fine, we just needed one to change & drop the bags into. The sun was out, pool was open, and we're on vacation, so no problem. She also said we would be upgraded. I wasn't sure if it was due to my HHonors status or the email I got previously asking if I wanted to pay for an upgrade if it was available. Either way, all good. Well, 10 turned into 11, turned into 12, 1, 2, and finally got into our first room at 3 (which was the supposed-to-be-upgraded-but-wasn't room). Second room about 3:30. We really wouldn't have minded much if they didn't tell us 5 hours ago that it was being cleaned at that moment. 5 hours to clean a room? I don't think so. And the upgrade? Once again, don't promise something you're not going to deliver. Of course every time we went to the front to ask about it, it wasn't quite ready & they'd let us know... Location-wise, it's convenient for the port or for a Heat game. Unfortunately, location-wise, it's also very close to a run down / rough area of town. Every big city has it, I know, but it's really close. Even the Concierge told us to take a taxi back from the couple blocks away we were going (Bayside Market), as he said you don't want to be out in that area at night. Overall, I MIGHT stay here again pre-cruise, or maybe not. If so, we'd likely just stay real close to the hotel or take a taxi everywhere.