I stayed at this hotel in early Dec for a conference, with conf rate of $159/night. Some others at my conf claimed they got 1/2 this rate from hilton website with prepay. I called ahead and asked for a quiet room - they put me in a lovely corner room that was indeed very quiet. It had only a small view as it was on the 5th floor. The problem with the room was upon checkin, the AC did not work. It was 80 and humid in Miami so this was a problem. Fortunately it turned out to be a valve that was not open in the unit and the engineer fixed it within 5 minutes. That said, there were continued AC problems throughout the hotel. The fitness center was warm. The thermostat said 77 degrees and it was in a locked clear plastic box. I called downstairs and asked them to turn it down because with the humidity it was uncomfortable and they told me that the fitness center AC was out and they had problems all week and it was still not fixed so I would have to live with it. The conf I attended was on the ballroom level and we had continual HVAC problems throughout the week. One main room in particular was fluctuating between sweltering and freezing. They could not seem to get it to maintain a reasonable temperature. Outside of HVAC issues, there are some real pluses and minuses with this hotel. My room was not really cleaned all that well - some details like the coffee mug had coffee stains on it. One end table was visibly covered in dust. Several things like that were below the level of what I expect for Hilton however there was nothing really troubling. Really it was at the level of attention to detail rather than marked problems with cleaning. Little things like they did not replenish my in room coffee one day. Another day they did not leave me a bath mat in the bathroom and only left me with one bar of soap. Regarding room service/restaurants. I ordered breakfast room service twice. The first time they made a mistake with my coffee - I ordered a pot of decaf and it came as regular. I know this only because I prodded the delivery guy that it absolutely had to be decaf. Fortunately he checked on it and found out it was not - and they phoned me in my room and said "do not drink the coffee - it is not decaf" and they came up with a regular pot. If I had not persisted to ask about it I would have had a nice pot of regular coffee which would have created some medical issues for me later on during the day. Another inconsistency - I ordered identical breakfasts both days. The bill was about $6 different however. The second and more expensive time the breakfast came with a large dish of berries rather than a small dish. But there is one item on the menu that I asked for so I did not understand it but I also did not care enough to follow up on this. Despite the inconsistencies the room svc breakfast was very good. In fact the regular coffee was quite good - better than the decaf, but unfortunately I could not drink the regular coffee except for a couple of sips before they phoned my room. Twice I had meals in the restaurant. One day during lunch they had a buffet. It was mediocre but also certainly a passable lunch. $15 including gratuity. The second day they did not have the buffet so I ordered a sandwich off of the menu. It was very nice. Note that for restaurant and bar even for one person they automatically add 18% gratuity, something I had not seen before in the US. They also have a very elegant bar right around the corner from the lobby. This is one of the high points of the hotel and I highly recommend the bar. You can get drinks or order food off of the bar menu. They are a little slow with the check but it is a great bar for conducting business conversations. I had several such meetings in the bar. I also got some free drinks. One night I met friends and I ordered a gingerale. I asked the guy if he wanted me to pay for it and he said no that was OK. So I gave him a small tip which made him very happy. Another day I ordered lunch with a friend and we were there for hours talking and never got a bill. Finally I left and told the front desk we never got a bill in the bar - they went and found the bill for us. I don't think this is a huge problem. At best you end up getting stuff for free and at worst you wait a little but. The front desk/concierge can help with that. Another comment - the hotel seems to be in the flight path of MIA airport. It is not a big hardship but if you are out by the pool you get some lovely views of the bottoms of jets as they pass overhead. They are pretty close. It did not bother me - I found it rather fun actually, but some may not like that. I had no problems with noise in my room from planes at night and I had two walls of floor/ceiling windows. The pool is pretty and has a small bar and beach towels. Not so many people were using the pool when I was there. It is on the lobby level. Regarding location - the hotel is not on the beach. You have to drive 10-15 minutes to get to south beach. Easy drive if you have a car, or the hotel can order a taxi. It's also a similar distance to MIA. There is not much around the hotel (other than another hotel) so if you want to go out for dinner you need to take a taxi, but as I said the places are close. Overall, I liked the hotel but had some concerns. I would certainly consider it again if I were coming to Miami but given the large number of hotels I would also look around to see what else is available. I did inquire about at least one other property this time around but they were considerably more than my conference rate.