This hotel was an Omni and was taken over by Hilton. The location is excellent for those taking a cruise or wishing a place with a view. It is not really in a good spot for walking for everything is a cab ride away. The bell captain, Pedro Rodriguez greeted us with smiles and eager to get our bags. This was excellent, what a welcome, after that, oh well.... The arrival was rough, we had requested a junior 2-queen suite on a high floor with a 4pm checkin. We arrived around 3:40 and were advised we would need to return in about 30 minutes. No problem, since we were early and hungry. Went to eat, came back at 5:30. We were told the room was not ready yet but that it would be on the 12th floor with a great view. I would need to come back in 20 minutes. I said fine, since I wanted to make sure I would have a room with a view on a higher floor. 30 minutes later at 6:10, I am told the room was not ready yet by the front desk manager but if I did not want to wait, there was a room available on the 6th floor. No way, I would wait for the 12th floor. A very nice man who proceeded to give us 3 drinks (one for each of us) free at the bar. By then, I was not only thirsty but getting tired. I figured it was a one-nighter, might-as-well go with the flow. At 6:40, tired of waiting around and feeling happy hour, I walked straight to the front desk manager and finally got our room keys. In fact, the manager even remembered my name - I swear I was nice and gave them no negative reason. The wait, I hoped would be worth it. The bellman a really nice guy, brought our bags up and the room was cozy. The view of downtown, the rooftop pool, and the bayfront were priceless. The room is spacious, clean, and well designed. There is only one television but with the views, who needs a tv. The beds were wonderful. A negative might be that the sink, toilet and tub are all in one room, but updated and clean. We might consider this site again, but only if another is not available. It is a nice hotel but too disorganzied for our style. I would have enjoyed a swim, but without my checked in suitcase, I had to hang in the bar. The view was priceless but there are plenty of high-risers in Miami. I would recommend this for my cruising friends for the value, but the parking fees, internet fees, and wait are all things to consider.