Hotel had high school swim meet team which we found out at check-in when the lobby was packed with kids. We know we were in trouble when we saw this. See some of my misses below to explain: Hits: 1. Great location. You can walk 3 blocks to the "L" or 3 blocks to Michigan Avenue shopping. Tons of restaurants in the vicinity and even a whole foods about 5 blocks away. 2. Very nice breakfast included with the room. Served Canadian bacon and eggs one morning and had an oatmeal machine...(didn't like the start of breakfast at 7:30 though, too late for us early risers). 3. Great rate, we paid around $100 a night which is great for the area including the breakfast. 4. Workout room is great. Tons of equipment, modern and very nice room on the 27th floor. 5. Horrible parking fees, but what do you expect in Chicago. 6. Nice to have a mini fridge and microwave, but the fridge never really was cold and did not have temperature control. 7. Thermostat controller was great in the room, we had air condition on since the room was very warm for some reason even though the outside temps were in the 30's. 8. Room was very clean. 9. Great wireless internet connection. No issues and worked great. Misses: 1. Yellow bag of liquid outside the room one morning. Gross and disgusting. Pizza boxes were also scattered outside our room door. 2. Asked the front desk for a quiet room, never received one. 3. Asked the front desk for some extra shampoo, never received it and they just couldn't give it to me when I asked for it in the lobby. 4. 2. Pool is too small to swim, whirlpool was small and old. 3. After an early breakfast, we returned to our room around 8:30 AM and the maid was already in our room? Why they couldn't plan to clean the rooms that checked out first? We had to wait in the hall. Yes, we didn't place the "Do not Disturb" on the door, but we returned to the room by 8:30 in the morning. 4. Room was very small. It is called a suite, but very small. 5. Room only had a shower, no bathtub. 6. Water pressure in the sink was horrible. Takes double the time to shave due to low and controlled low water pressure. 7. Too much noise in the halls from the kids and the pool area was always packed. The small pool is shared by the Residence Inn which is attached to the SpringHill. 8. Never received my bill under my door on check-out day. I expect this from Marriott's so I don't have to stand in line in the lobby. I had to stand in line in the lobby. 9. Too few towels. Only two sets of towels were provided. I requested more towels from the hotel, still waiting for the towels. 10. Needed to print out airline boarding passes. Had to go to the lobby which had 1 printer and 3 computers, 1 of which was down. Computers were used by the students most of the time that I observed so I had to return to the lobby numerous times until I could gain access. Once I did, I couldn't print since the printer had a margin issue and never was able to adjust the margins. Had to waste time and print boarding passes at the airport.