We decided to try and stay as centrally located as possible when visiting Rome for only 3 days. We chose the Relais because of this, which for the price (USD$125/nt), the location was perfect for walking to the Sistine Chapel or Spanish Steps, Trevi Fountain. The only long walk was to the Colesseum and the Roman Forum - which done early in the morning before the streets were crowded was so beautiful to see all the vendors setting up, or restaurants sweeping their patios. The hotel is off of the main street so you definitely need a taxi to find it. It's super cute but very small as is everything in Europe. They have this little bitty old school elevator that you use to get to your rooms so it's wise to pack small and light if there's more than 2 of you trying to work the elevator at once. The room was actually a very good size for a European hotel. It had it's own bathroom and a queen sized bed, with a desk, and a window that overlooked the back alley. Number one, we asked for non-smoking room and everything in our room reeked of cigarettes, the drapes, the bedding, EVERYTHING! Since the husband and I do not smoke, I instantly had a headache that lasted most of the trip. Our luggage had been lost for 2 days of our trip so we tried to keep a positive attitude about everything. The bathtub never supplied hot water and when I say bathtub, I mean bathtub - if you wanted a shower, you stood up and used the hose like from the old movies (water spraying everywhere because of no curtain). I was very confused about this but greatful since some people we met had to share a bathroom wtih other guests. The bed was honestly at least 10 years old, it was like a piece of cardboard. I would say it was probably only 5" tall. There was a TV in there but flipping through the channels, I think there was only 1 American channel or at least 1 with someone speaking English.The complimentary "breakfast" was a cafe machine to supply coffee, cappuccino, etc, some pre-packaged jelly filled croissants, oatmeal, and fruit. There may have been other items there but I don't recall, and I believe there was maybe one table in there, so you have to bring everything back to your room or with you. The first door man knew of our luggage being lost so we told him to contact us immediately, a new man came on the second night and we told him to call our room whenever it showed up. We checked before we went to dinner, after we went to dinner, and before we went to bed when he ignorantly told us "your luggage is not my problem". Probably sick of us asking about it and calling the airport to see when it would be delivered but we were in the same outfits for 3 day!!! My husband went down to yell at him and at 4 am, we got the call that it had arrived. Overall, I would say if you're on a budget and want to be centralized, this hotel was not bad at all.