The Confortel Hotel is located in the Poble Nou district of Barcelona. This is an area in the former industrial part of the city which is presently undergoing a major re-development and renewal. Although much progress has been made since I first visited the region some years ago my impression is that it may be some time yet before the transformation is complete. The locals advised that it was still not safe to venture alone too far from the hotel after dark. The location is really good if you intend to use either buses or Metro Trains otherwise stay nearer the city centre. . On arrival we were issued with two electronic cards which allow access both to the elevator and the room. We immediately discovered that the cards would not operate the lift shaft but the porter kindly used his card to activate the machine. Mind you he didn't offer to assist with the luggage. Needless to say if the card wouldn't activate the elevator it wouldn't operate the room lock either. Back to the reception desk.! If at first you don't succeed... Ole! The replacment cards worked and we returned to our allocated room. Despite the fact that we had specified a non-smoking room both while booking the hotel and again on arrival, as we entered the heavy pungent smell of stale cheap tobacco smoke that greeted us at the door was quite sickening. Once again, back to the reception desk. We were immediately given fresh cards and made our way to a non-smoking room on an entirely "non-smoking floor" no less. The room was very basic and to be honest, quite grubby but it was late at night and we were exhausted and so any port in a storm. The price per night was an off season 109 for weekdays including breakfast (quite reasonable) but leapt to 202 for weekend nights. The hotel made much-ado about their free internet service but BROADBAND IT IS NOT and unless you've got lots of time and precious little to do, find an Internet cafe and save yourself a lot of bother.The hotel also boast a swimming pool but the glorified bath they are referring to would fail the Trade Descriptions Act on every count. The reception staff are very pleasant however and for the most part speak English. Breakfast is very basic. A word of warning if you opt to walk along the Ramblas. The Spanish love their dogs and keep dogs in great numbers. Despite signs threatening heavy fines for dog owners who do not clear up doggy deposits after their pets, many of the residents ignore the cautions so watch your step. If you enjoy a really good Pizza as you leave the hotel turn immediately right.. On the corner just down from the hotel opposite the Casino (NOT the Tapas Bar next to it) is the best Pizza House in Barcelona. This hotel is trying desperately to give an air of sophistication and has delusions of grandeur but it has a long way to go to reach the standards of some of the finer hotels I have experienced in other parts of Spain. It's trying to box well above it's weight but the promise of the well designed and spacious lobby area as you enter the hotel is not reflected in the rest of the building. Basically a glorified hostel.