The Holiday Inn Express Walk of Fame is on N Highland Avenue which is a busy street that leads onto Hollywood Boulevard which is ideal if you are looking at being in the Hollywood area and plan to do some shopping at Hollywood & Highland Centre. If you are taking the Metro in Los Angeles, then the hotel is approximately 5-10minutes walk away. Across the street is a small supermarket which sells pretty much anything you might need. If you fancy a cheap meal, there is an adjoining pizza restaurant, there is also a sushi restauarant but I did not go there. Our room was located on the 6th floor, to access that floor, you have to take lift A to the 5th floor and lift B to the 6th floor, so be mindful of this if you have lots of luggage that you have to carry around. This is not a 5 star property by any means, so don't expect too much, however for somewhere to rest your head then it's ok. We checked in late at night and it would seem that in the small lobby area, a man is perched on a stool who is security and will always ask you to show your key when you were going back to your room, usually late at night. The following day was my birthday but prior to my arrival, I had emailed the hotel to ask about car hire and trying to get to Six Flags Magic Mountain but I did not receive a reply. I mentioned this again at reception when I checked in and this information I had given them was ignored completely so I felt a bit let down. The room was furnished in a modest style but clean and tidy - I did wonder what the room would be like but it was very comfortable and catered to my needs. Complimentary breakfast is available in the breakfast room which is located on the 4th floor, there you can have eggs, sausage patties, toast, cereal, tea & coffee, which was more than adequate. There was an attendant there, I think her name was Maria, she was very helpful. We tried watching a pay movie in the room but the movie kept cutting out after 10 minutes so we followed the instructions on the screen to call the cable company who put us through to a corporate account department who were subsequently closed. At this point, we were concerned that we were being billed for a movie we never got to see, we then contacted reception about this who then told us that they were unaware that they had pay movies! Upon check-out, much to our delight, we were not charged for the movie in the end, we watched it on the flight home anyway! I didn't find the hotel as warm and friendly as I had expected, we paid a fair amount for what we got but I put that down to the location of the hotel but it was convenient for the duration of our trip.