My wife and I were in town for a business conference from Feb 1 to Feb 3 - we stayed at this Hotel for 4 nights. Hotel Itself: We had a room on one of the upper floors w/ one Queen Bed. The room was an OK size - adequate space for suitcases, closet space was good. It even had a small kitchen counter top and sink - allowing us to make our own sandwiches etc. There is also some cabinet space above the kitchen counter area to store any non-perishable foods. The TV was an Older - CRT - type unit that had poor sound quality - and limited channels as well. The bathroom was clean and hot water worked great. The Shower had great water pressure and excellent hot water. This was NOT a full bath/shower...just a standing shower - like in a locker room. The problem here was that the drain was not properly designed. Instead of making the drain lower than the rest of the floor, it was higher - so all the water does NOT go down...instead it goes to the edges of the shower. It did not affect us too much though. Good heating (especially since it was petty cold that weekend in town), quite street - even though we faced Canal Street. During the day, there were a lot of ambulances going up and down Canal - but this seemed to quiet down more at night. Our main issue was that on Sat nite, guests down the hall kept going in and out of their rooms - slamming the doors shut. This was hard to sleep thru. It was much quieter on Sun/Mon/Tue nites. Location: The location was great. Only about 10 mins walk to the French Quarter and about 15-20 mins to the Waterfront/Casino area. We drove here, so we could get out of the main drag and see other parts of the city and had better eating choices. Or you could jump on a street car if you prefer ( we did). Parking: They have a lot down the street - about 30 yards from the front door - where you can park your car outside - in a gated facility - for an extra fee. Front Desk; Very helpful and polite people. If they did not know the answer to a question, they would look it up on line, print stuff out and hand us maps etc. Wifi connection- Decent in the rooms. Neighborhood - It's fine during the day, but at night, they have some 'strange' characters loitering around the area.