I stayed at this Fairfield Inn while on the road from Texas to New England. I used the priceline.com name your price feature and won a bid that was about $20 per night less than the lowest internet price. Because of the low price, I consider my stay to have been OK; otherwise, I would not have been as happy. The location is good - right off I-40 at Sycamore View - with plenty of free parking. The hotel itself is nice enough, with a big indoor pool, basic public areas, and updated guest rooms. My room, which was a one king bed setup, was spacious and comfortable. The bed was comfortable as usual for Fairfield Inns, and everything in the room worked well. I found it interesting that even though the parking lot was half empty (most likely indicating that it was not a fully booked night), the pool was overflowing with kids - and I mean dozens upon dozens of them running through the lobby and all. Despite the nice facility, I was not able to get to sleep until 3AM because there was a party going on in the room across the hall. There must have been 25 people in that room, with music, loud talking in the corridor, and people constantly going in and out slamming the door. I [generously] gave them until midnight to quiet down and then called the front desk, as I needed to be well-rested for an 8 hour drive the following day. The clerk did not seem the least bit motivated to tell the partiers to quiet down despite me asking him to do so. Instead, he offered to move me to another room, which really wasn't an issue as it was midnight and I was leaving at 6am. I just wnted to get some sleep. I can see people having a party until a reasonable hour, but talking in the halls and slamming doors until 3AM is totally inconsiderate and unacceptable for the hotel staff to turn their head to it going on. Every time I asked him to please have the partiers quiet down, he had some other idea for me. It seemed as if he was avoiding the problem at hand. Upon check out I was given a $25 Marriott gift certificate due to the inconvenience. I have no idea why the hotel clerk would not just ask the partiers to quiet down. I'd have much rather got a decent night sleep as opposed to a $25 coupon. Because of this incident, I would not balk if assigned to this Fairfield with a piceline.com bid, but I would never choose this hotel over the dozens of other similarly-priced Memphis hotels.