ARRIVAL: Taxi from the airport to hotel approximately US$45. Priority Club members will have the normal recognition. Only two check in counters so check in is a little slow. SECURITY: Anyone can walk into the hotel lobby and take the lift to any floor without the use of a key card - there is no security. No security camers on any of the floor corridors so secutity is very poor. There are no in room safes at this hotel and you need to apply for a security box at the front desk. This is inconvenient as you have to go to the reception to gain access to your security box. ROOMS: Windows are not double glazed. The hotel is directly opposite a major hospital so there are sirens going all night so dont expect to get much sleep. It will make no difference how high your floor is as the noise will be the same - even on the 40th floor. Tip - use the ear plugs provided in the comfort pack and turn the airconditioning to the manual fan position so it will be on constantlly and help to drown out the siren noise. Bathrooms in the suites are very small and cramped so no room for toiletries on the side of the basin. Instead of being the Windy City it should be called The Siren City because of the interminable sound of sirens all night. DRINKING WATER: No bottled water in your room so you need to purchase it from the Mini Bar. If you exit the hotel, turn right and take the next right into Michigan Ave you will find a Supermarket on the corner about 2 blocks up - most items available including water and Australian wine 750ml bottel for US$6. INTERNET: Very slow and drops out all the time so not very convenient. Also problems with not being able to send e-mails so had to open up a Gmail account to send any e-mails out. Definitely the worst internet connection I have ever experienced in any hotel ever. BREAKFAST: Sky lounge breakfast ok. Consists of scrambled eggs (made from powdered milk so not very good), bacon, saussages and potatoes. Good selection of fruit etc. and rolls (some not so fresh though as they appear to be a few days old). Tables in the Sky Lounge are the smallest I have ever encountered - just enough room for 2 plates and 2 cups of coffee. Very cramped. Breakfast also available at the Elephant and Crown which is the on site restaurant. We had dinner there one night but not good so would not recommend it for a meal at night. CLUB FLOOR: There is no club floor at this hotel. There is a Sky Lounge which is open for continental type breakfast only though. REFRIGERATOR: Read the fridge instructions very carefully because if you move anything the sensor will detect it and charge it directly to your room. It is not possible to place any of your own drinks, medications or other items in this fridge. You can have an additional fridge placed in your room for a cost of US$20 for the entire stay. POSITION: Good location and the Magnificent Mile is in the next street. (Michigan Ave). Navy Pier is an area where there are many restaurants and about a 20 minute walk from the hotel. Boat tours are also available from the pier.