PROS: Location is fabulous. It is right off of Magnificent Mile, and very close to Starbucks, Corner Bakery, Dunkin', 7-11. We walked everywhere (except the zoo) and didn't feel we were far. They offer free wireless (not typical at other four-stars). Great showerheads and the curved shower curtain rod that gives you more room in the shower (typical at other four-stars). Luggage storage before and after check-out (typical at other four-stars) They upgraded us to a suite without asking (corner room with two walls of windows!). They are available through Hotwire, which means you do not have to (and you should not) pay full price. CONS: While the superficial furnishings seemed somewhat new (bed linens, decor), the deeper elements seemed old and tired (baseboards, tile, public bathrooms on the second floor). Overall, I felt that I was staying in an old building that had been superficially spruced up to try and meet a four-star level. There is no proper concierge or concierge desk (if there is, it is hidden). It seems that the front desk staff doubles as concierges. The day we checked in we asked for information about the river architectural tours (seemingly one of the more popular tourist activities in the city). We waited a few minutes while two staff members rifled through a desk to find brochures. In the end, they could not find anything. One of them very kindly gave us a map and directions to the site of one of the tour companies--that was very helpful. I, do, however, expect more from a four-star hotel. A proper concierge at a proper four-star hotel would have booked the tour for me or at least had ready access to brochures and detailed information. Housekeeping came into our room without knocking about 2 hours before check-out time (we were checking out at the regular check-out time for all guests). The bed was very, very uncomfortable--it sloped in the middle and tilted toward the head. The staff, while friendly, were not as professional/formal as I'd expect from a four-star hotel in one of the largest cities in the country. The exception was one gentleman at the front desk who might have been Mik, the general manager. The lotion in the bathroom had a seal, and the seal was broken. I don't usually see seals on hotel bathroom amenities, but when there is a seal and it's broken, it makes you feel like you are using used lotion... Would I stay here again? I would really prefer not to, even with the discounted Hotwire price. Expect 3- or 3.5-star level if you go. It was just OK (the bed was definitely bad). A four-star hotel should be better than "just OK".