Ok - I`ll start by saying the hotel isn`t "bad"......it just isn`t all that good, in my opinion. The first hurdle was finding the hotel - taxi driver didn`t have a clue, and had to phone a few people to find out where it was; even though we had the address written down, ready for him. Not the most auspicious start, really. The hotel is situated midway along a sidestreet - there are plenty of local shops, supermarkets, metro station etc. all within easy walking distance. We`d just disembarked a cruise; it was approx 10.00 a.m. when we arrived. We fully expected that the room wouldn`t be ready, but we wanted to drop the luggage off, then go explore for a while. So we were somewhat surprised to be told our room (117) was ready! Wow, that`s a promising start. Sure enough, the room was ready - clean enough, little kitchen with all you need for a few days (except the food). The only "problem" was that we couldn`t get into the room with our keycard - we had to get maintenance to let us in for the first two days....apparently the keycard machine broke down! The hotel had a ready answer for this......we were moved next door, into 116. So, now we get to the things you "need to know" regarding the rooms: 1. All the electrical equipment supplied in both our rooms was 2 pin, european plugs. 2. All the sockets in the room were british 3 pin. You need an adaptor, but probably the exact opposite of the ones you normally take! 3. There were bedside lights on the tables; but, in room 116, there isn`t a socket within reach of one side off the bed - and the other side is a bit of a stretch to the nearest socket. 4. The supplied kettle was leaking onto the base - took it to the maintenance guy, who apparently "mended" it ......by making it leak more than it did to start with. After a bit more arguing with the young girl at reception (who we`ll get back to later), another kettle was provided. 5. The "double room", as is often the case, is 2 single beds pushed together. What surprised me was they were individually made; i.e. as 2 single beds. 6. The "view". This is probably the worst issue, aesthetically speaking. The windows have, in all likelihood, never been cleaned. You`ll need to open the window, to know whether its light or dark outside; and all we could see was the back of an equally dirty building, 6 metres away across an alley. ***** The "restaurant"***** We (luckily) chose not to eat there the first night. The hotel don`t have their own kitchens - the food is carried across the alley from the indian restaurant next door (breakfast, lunch and evening meal). Apparently, the first night was a very poor choice of 3 "things", unidentified, which were supposed to be served hot, but weren`t. By way of apology, the management offered a free transfer to Mamzar beach the next day. The breakfasts weren`t bad (but I usually only have cereal, toast and coffee - difficult to mess up). There were "hot" options, which changed daily - all I can say is they looked nice enough. Reception - specifically staff attitudes. We saw three reception staff during our stay. The young girl mentioned above, a youngish guy and an older man. The young man was pleasant, polite, helpful, friendly. The older man was "alright"; but the young girl. I`m not sure what to say, to be honest, other than "avoid if at all possible". There is a rooftop pool. But there is limited sunbed space; a wall so high you can hardly see any of the view; and it was closed off for most of our stay. Would I return to this hotel? Not if I had a choice. I`d have given it two and a half stars perhaps.