Firstly, I must say that we were largely satisfied with our stay at Ruzzini. I bought the weekend break as a treat for my wife's 40th birthday, and together with our 3 year old daughter, and we had a lovely time. The Good: - Beautiful palazzo. - Great location. - Very friendly staff. - Service was always correct & efficient. The champagne I pre-ordered was waiting in our room on our arrival. - Daughter made to feel very welcome. - Junior suite was visually stunning and was modern but with a real sense of history. The Less Good: - As many have said, the breakfast was a bit average. Everything was nice enough, but not very much selection, especially of hot food. - Bathroom was fine, but slightly on the small side. - No milk in room - had to be ordered in for us to make a cup of tea. - No iron in room (could have requested one, but decided not to bother). - 150 for airport transfer (which we didn't take). Whilst it sounds like a great service, that is an extortionate amount. You can get the water bus into town for 15 and it leaves you with a 10 min (pleasant) walk. The Worst - No free wifi. I knew this in advance, but I still think that today, any 4* in the world should provide this. - The bed was 2 singles pushed together and it was too hard. - Pillows were thin. 1 extra pillow was provided which isn't enough for a Junior Suite for 3 people. - Bell-boy was insistent (not aggressively) that he would show us to our room and then bring the bags up. I then waited for the inevitable, and incredibly annoying "linger" while he waited for his tip. When will hotels learn to pay their staff enough so that they can remove this culture whereby everyone expects extra payment for something the customer doesn't find particularly amazing. After all, I'm a big boy and after lugging my bags through the narrow streets and over the bridges of Venice, I think I can get them up a lift to my room. Getting them taken care of is nice, but ultimately disappointing when you spend the first 10 minutes of your stay wondering how much tip will be expected and how guilty you will be made to feel. OK - so my biggest gripes relate not to Ruzzini alone, but reflect some of my grievances about the hotel industry generally. We had a lovely time, and my wife had a memorable birthday. My advice to Ruzzini would be that your experience is very nearly GREAT. The niggles I have are pretty small, but they add up to be greater than the sum of their parts. Fixing the small things would stop people like me dwelling on whether this was a satisfactory 4* experience and just leaving with a satisfied glow.