The hotel is in a brilliant location only a few minutes walk from the termini station and about a 20 minute walk from the trevi fountain and from the colloseum aswell. the room was smaller than we expected but for what we needed was perfectly fine, the bed was extreamly comfortable and to behonest after an entire day walking around rome thats the main thing you need. the room and bathroom look very nice, although our shower did leak, but was fixed by using two of the hand towels on the floor. the staff however, especially on the main desk, i found to be unhelpful and some what rude. The morning breakfast was somewhat of a joke, the little choice of cooked food (mini sausages, bacon and discusting scrambled eggs) was some thing we didnt touch after our first morning simply due to how revulting the eggs were. the rest of the food is edible but nothing your going to want to stock too much up on mainly consisting of the usual bland continental type food, all with very little taste. The rooms were very well kept by the cleanin staff though. Getting around rome was fairly easy although if your in a wheel chair or find it hard to walk around easily rome may not be the best place for you as it is not disable friendly at all. Pick pockets were avoided by making sure you have a zipped bag and keeping hold of the zip end at all times. Rome is a very very beautiful place, and me and my boyfriend highly recomend the tour for the colloseum and palatine hill and roman forum which cost us around 25 for all 3 with guides. the metro is very cheap and easy to use, 1 euro for a ticket although they get very cramded but a new one is usually due only 1 minute after the previous.(if only london was as quick:) ) Over all the only thing that would stop me returning was the staff at the hotel, they were very rude. Our check out time was meant to be 12 but at 10.30 the key card which is used to activate the lights etc in the room was deactivated with no warning what so ever! go to rome, stay near the termini station by all means but be careful with this hotel, although if your not bothered but unfriendly staff and a rather dodgey breakfast the rooms were comfy enough to say go to, maybe youll be luckier than we were. Getting from the airport (fuimicini-spelt wrong probably sorry :) ) we got a 8 euro bus, which took about 45 minutes but was comfy enough and the cheapest option, findin the bus stop was interesting at the tuourist info office were rude and un helpful and as of every thing else in rome it was not well sign posted (serious map skills are needed in rome) the bus stops right next to termini station. on the way back we took the train, very comfy and at 11 euros it was quick at only 30 mins (non stop) and also departed ontime.