We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of June. We are two parents and 2 teenagers so we booked a room with a suite (seperate door to a hide-a-bed). Checking in was simple. At first we thought we were on Candid Camera. We opened the hotel room door and walked into the hallway where there was a couch and tv...oh this must be a den...nope! This was what they called the junior suite part of the room. As a matter of fact - we had to totally move around the furniture in order for the pull out bed to pull out and still allow us access to the door!! Okay - so we had to move the furniture and it wasn't as big as we are used to......the shower was another episode of Candid Camera!! Everytime I turned on the shower the water barely came out. Each time a maintenance man came - of course the shower sprayed! Well it is a good thing I had a sense of humour cuz I was ready to go to the Salvation Army just to have a shower!! I finallyinsisted that the maintenance man take apart the shower and low and behold there was some plastic something that got into the pipes somehow at sometime during the renovations....blah blah blah...and they finally got it working. It still wasn't a great shower - but it was wet and warm. We bought the breakfast included option - but slept through it all but one day. There is a supermarket literally at the end of the block. There is a delicious creperie just at the corner too. The parking actually filled up one night and we had to beg and plead for them to help us find another option. They gave us the manager's spot. Oh we ordered room service one evening - the food came very quickly hot and yummy. The location is very good...Sherbrooke is a great street for easy access to Downtown, old Montreal, Six Flags, restaurants and shopping. We ate at Gibby's one night in Old Montreal with some friends who live in Montreal....Very expensive - but great service and super delicious!!! My parents and my sister's family stayed at Hotel du Fort in a suite and they were really happy. Hope this helps. Anyways, the staff, who are all really polite and friendly,