Majestic Elegance short synopsis I don't want to repeat so many reviews, which were posted regarding this hotel, so I'll keep my comments short. We stayed from Dec. 13th through the 20th. Our interactions with staff were very good, although a lot of staff workers are new, so they are learning about their jobs on the job :), however - the they do make a great effort. (I think I'll tell my VP of Sales to pay me for the effort and not the results, but it's another story). We liked the food, the beach and the pool. We went to every restaurant but French and food was delicious, although buffet was sometimes cold. The rooms need work (we switched form one room to another for the reasons, discussed in many other reviews). Many things do not work. Period. Electrical switches are mixed up, some are not hooked up at all (although wall plates were covered). Showers are problems. They leak into the rooms or toilet rooms. (BTW - if you have kids, get a second room, there is no privacy in the toilet or bathroom at all). Back to the hotel - I had a nice conversation with one of the managers and they quietly blame the construction company. The main issue in reality is the quality of construction, which is very very poor. So, no matter how hard the staff tries, I don;t see these issues going away soon. We did experience a leak from the light in the bathroom when taking the shower on our last day of stay, which tells me they will keep finding problems for months, if not years to come. The patch work is visible and something new appears daily. With the economy being where it is and given a stiff competition in Punta Cana area, there is NOTHING special about ME to pay for. There are plenty of other places in Punta Cana, where the food is great, the staff is trained and the accommodations are good. We did not hate our stay, but unless vacation is deeply discounted, we won't go to elegance again. It;s your vacation, your time and your money - why even have a little hassle, when you don;t have to. The resort is striving to provide luxurious experience, but comes short in a few areas. Family of 4.