A few bumps at first but turned out wonderful My husband and I stayed at the majestic elegance from Nov 29 - Dec 7 in elegance club. Our room was beautiful however there were a few problems with the room, such as the toilet did not flush correctly, there was no hot water in the shower, and the refridgerator did not work. Within 2 days and several visits to our room by the maintenence crew everything was fixed. We at one point asked to switch rooms but according to the staff at the elegance club lobby there were none. The room really was nice, just like the pictures on the website. Also, the power turns off in the room whenever you leave so that means that the alarm clock turns off and is blinking when you get back, we just started only setting it before we went to bed.The beach is gorgeous, we had several people just walking on the beach asking what resort we were staying at because our beach was so much better than theirs. Be sure to wear your flip flops when you are going from the beach to your room or restroom because there are sticker burrs in some areas between the palapas and the cemented paths. Get up early to get a good palapa near the water, we got up around 7:30 each morning and pretty much had our pick. The beach attendent Anely really made the beach a great place to be. He was so happy and cheerful each day. You can't miss him walking up and down the beach several times each day wearing a red hawaiian shirt and shorts.The restaurants were good, we especially liked the steak restaurant and the chinese restaurant at the Colonial. The italian restaurant was good but the first time we went there we had to wait 1 1/2 hours to receive all of our entrees. The second time we tried it the wait was minimal. The buffet was good, we didn't catch her name but the greeter at the buffet was a welcome site each morning, always a smile on her face. All the staff are very friendly and helpful, however this was the first place we have been to that there was some difficulty communicating with the staff, so if you haven't already brush up on your spanish.It will definitely take a few more months probably for the resort to be completely finished but like everyone else has said they are working day and night. There were literally some nights that we left the lobby bar and would come back the next day for breakfast and more things would be finished. There were some exclusive services in the elegance club that we were expected but did not receive. We never received our 4 bottles of alcohol, a bottle of champagne, the pillow menu, aromatherapy for the pillows, bath salts and a newpaper in the room. Also we never received our surprise present. Or if we did, we didn't know it.Overall it was a wonderful, relaxing vacation after the problems with our room were fixed.