For me a perfect location - train from the airport was spot on and it is great that you can stay in air conditioned comfort from leaving the plane to your room, with the station taking you pretty much to the hotel front door. I arrived late, and had a very friendly check in experience, with a room upgrade which was a lovely touch. Bags taken to the room without hesitation and the bar team looked after all of our requests even though they were due to close in five minutes. Great art installation at present, and mixologist are of a reasonable standard. Our waitress was very friendly and advised us of her name, (emma) and what promotions were happening and when. Suite lived up to it's name "fabulous". Views incredible, and all amenities accounted for - excellent steam iron, good water pressure and temperature. Some quirks - UK iPhone could not play through main tv even after following instructions. And a word of warning, when you walk into your room the slot for your key card to turn on the lights is very difficult to locate, as there is NO light in he room, and very little from the corridor. Bed was comfortable, but I struggled to get the lights to turn off for sleeping. The system is complex and not very intuitive. I did have a letter advising me of renovations but I was not affected by any noise or construction presence. Breakfast choice is huge - with the ambient and cold items of a lovely quality. The hot breakfast is good in choice, but poor on execution. Mine was cold... Coffee is delicious and the service on morning one was really lovely, and morning two lacking in presence or friendliness. Pool area is quite special from a view perspective, but the service is just rubbish. Which is a shame because the drinks that were mixed for us were lovely, when we eventually got them. The presentation of the bar area is cluttered and feels back of house, and like an after thought, which could explain why the team were disengaged and lacked energy. The lifeguard and towel team were very friendly and took the time to show us the best place to sit for views, breeze and sunshine. Check out was reasonable, bag stores and taxi finding wasn't.... Which unfortunately my last customer touch point. Overall the hard product is exceptional, and the environment is typical W. and yes it is loud, in your face, designed to wake up your youthful senses, and that is why you stay at W. However, the service doesn't make the W, in fact it breaks the W promise of a wonderful stay. Some team members trying too hard to be as pretentious as some of the W guests, which is not only letting some of the great team members down, it is letting the opportunity of being a fabulous EXPERIENCE slip through the net. Go on W ... Start delivering some of the basics of customer service with some love, flair and care... You could be amazing... And we all love being amazing!