Do Describe the service you experienced Tell us how you liked the room Talk about the location & amenities Say what you liked best & least The travel from the airport to the hotel was convenient and cheap with a half hour train journey to the centre then a tram ride for another 15-20 minutes. From the tram station, the hotel is a 5 minutes walk. The surrounding areas is not very appealing as it's next to dual carriageways so it feels like the hotel has been built on a motorway. The reception lobby looks the same as the ones from the hotel - modern / contemporary The staff were friendly enough There were 3 of us ladies sharing a family room which meant there wasn't much space (or mirrors) to get ready. Rooms were basic and clean but the price included breakfast for 3 of us so it was value for money. The breakfast was brilliant - there were tepenyaki style chefs on hand to cook your eggs, i.e. omelette, fried egg etc we didn't experience constant traffic noise however we did hear a few car horns during the night - great if you're not a light sleeper If you are planning on staying out late then I wouldn't recommend staying here as a taxi ride could be expensive (we were on the last tram back - around midnight?). There is a train station next to the tram station - to get to the same central destination, we found that the train (15 mins) was slightly faster than the tram (20-25m) so if they are both running, use the train. I would only recommend staying here if the purpose of the trip is to sight see, daytime / evening activities, and of course, business! We didn't use a taxi so i'm not 100% sure on the cost however it would be at least a 20 minute ride from the central station. whereas the 2 day tram/train ticket was around 5euro each I'm returning to Amsterdam in September 2011 however we are planning to stay out late so we've booked a place in the centre instead. We didn't choose to stay here again as we may save money on room prices but we'd have to pay more for travel as there are 6 of us this time