Having just returned from a stay at Emine Sultan I felt compiled to write a review for the first time ever as the rave reviews made us stay there in the first place. We are fortunate enough to travel for 3-4 months of every year and always stay in small well-priced accommodation wherever we go in the World (even some homestays), never in big impersonal hotels. For seasoned travellers there are some key points to selecting a place to stay, and most of the reviews here don't really cover these succinctly enough. So here goes (Emine Sultan comments in brackets): Airport transfers provided (very good indeed and reasonably priced too) Free WIFI throughout that works well (excellent, also a free internet computer in reception) Good breakfast (more than adequate) Coffee/tea making (available free all day together with snacks, juices & fruit in b'fast room- excellent) Quiet for sleeping (you can't get away from the early morning mosque call anywhere in Istanbul! Otherwise adequate....providing the others on your tiny 3-room floor are considerate when coming and going...which our American neighbours were not at times) Comfortable beds (sadly no, three of the four of us on this trip still have bad backs from the over-firm mattresses) Room of adequate size (again sadly no, and the bathrooms are miniscule.....however having peeked into a corner bedroom when being cleaned this certainly appeared larger....request one of these in advance if staying here) Fridge in room (yes- great) Bar (no) Views (good from higher floor rooms, and excellent from the little rooftop terrace) Location (not bad, a bit off the beaten track, but still in the old quarter. Akbiyik Caddesi is full of restaurants, bars and places to stay if you want to be closer to night spots and the sights) Friendly & helpful staff (OK, but the place is generally very quiet and low-key) Hope these specifics help others. This has to be one of the tiniest places we've stayed in. There are many other similar Ottoman-style places to stay scattered all around these streets which all appear to be very similar. One last thing: beware 'bumping'. We were told on arrival that we could only stay for 3 of the 4 nights we were booked, as they had overbooked, and that we would have to be moved somewhere else for the last night. We politely pointed out we would not be moving anywhere and that it was their problem to resolve. Unfortunately some other poor people must have been bumped though.