Right off the bat, when looking for a hotel this hotel is not for guests used to hotels such as Hampton Inns, Marriotts, or any of your brand name hotels. That said this is a beach hotel and it reflects in its cleanliness. The green floor was two colors, green and black, but given the shapes of the black spots, I don't believe it was meant to be both colors. The bedding seemed to be between a white and off white color with an aged yellow mixed in. The toilet seemed to have stains on it from lid to seat, which is rather disgusting. At least the shower was clean which is always important. However, the shower's drain could not handle the sand or hair that ended up all over the tub after one shower. It's unpleasant to be showering with your hair and sand floating around the tub, and women with long hair know that it inevitable to not lose a strand or two while showering. After getting out of the shower you are expected to use such small towel. I just make 5 feet and the towels barely covered me from chest to bottom, which is uncomfortable if you're staying with a boyfriend or even your father. The bed was somewhat hard, but after a long day at the beach, it's hardly noticeable. However, the television would cut out while watching the Olympics and the wi-fi was extremely spotty as it is completely public. Perhaps the worst part of the stay was the fact that our room was not cleaned. We had asked the cleaning staff to come back in a few minutes because we were collecting our things and were still using the room. She had talked to both my boyfriend and myself. We both passed her sitting and talking with other staff members, which should have given the indication that we were out of our room. However, when we returned that evening the room had still not been cleaned and no one had brought the extra pillow I had requested. I called to ask for the pillow again and when I walked to the front desk I mentioned that the room had not been cleaned. The lady at the front desk said that it happens often and that they had gone for the day. When I explained that I had seen them sitting outside chatting, she merely said that she believed me and handed me towels. There was hardly and apology and nothing to compensate for the now sandy room. Needless to say, I showered with my flip flops on that night to avoid the sand that now lined the tub. I feel it's also important to stress how thin the walls are between the rooms. At any point in the day you can hear the rooms next to you and above you, which is uncomfortable and if you have rude neighbors as we did, you will be woken up early in the morning. If you are looking for a hotel based only on location this hotel is a great one. It is right on the boardwalk, but the beach never seems to get to crowded. It is also near the inlet and it's not a far walk either way to check out some of the sites of Ocean City. That said, in the future, I will always make sure to book earlier so that I will not have to book again at this hotel.