I've been to Ocean City several times, but this was the first time I tried this hotel due to the mostly positive reviews on tripadvisor (and better pricing than some other hotels). I don't get why so many people gave it a perfect 5, because it definitely wasn't perfect. It wasn't bad either though. First off, it was hard to find because they don't provide an exact address -- you need to turn down Wicomoco St and then turn left on S Baltimore Ave and the parking lot is right next to Wild Bill's, which you should be able to spot easily. Parking seemed ok for us, we only left once a day for dinner and came back pretty early. Now about the hotel room -- the bathroom is SO small, you can't just walk in and close the door, you have to maneuver around to close the door (and I am a small person!). It's so small, they had to stick the sink outside of the bathroom (and awkwardly, there was no place to hang a towel by the sink). The water temp in the shower kept fluctuating a lot, hot then cold...hadn't experienced that in a regular hotel before. The worst part was that we had a hard time sleeping the first night because you could hear people talking in the hallway as loud as if they were in your room. We discovered the next day that you can close a vent on the door (don't ask why there would even be a vent on the door) and turn on the AC (was not automatically turned on) which helped drown out some of the outside noise, so luckily we were able to sleep the second night. On the positive side, the room seemed pretty clean, which is more than I can say for the hotel I stayed in last year. The tv is small and old. No hair blow dryer. They didn't provide new shampoo/conditioner if you used any. Oh and another weird thing, the agreement that you sign when you check-in says that if you want new towels you have to bring your dirty ones to the front desk...though it seemed like the cleaning people changed our towels for us anyway. Next time I go to Ocean City, I'm going to check out other hotels before considering booking this one again. If I had to, I would stay here again over other hotels considering the price & and great location, but there are probably some better options available. Pros: -Awesome location, right by the amusement park -Priced well compared to other hotels in the area -Pretty clean -Firm bed Cons: -Noisy -No balcony for room (can't see much out window) -No free internet -Tiny bathroom