My friends and I found and reserved Chicago south Loop Hotel as part of a weekend getaway. We were all impressed that the hotel offered free on-site parking and was situated where we could easily access public transportation. Additionally, we found cost of the hotel to be budget-friendly leaving us with more spending money than would other downtown Chicago hotels. The lobby was nicely decorated with Jazz Age paintings and music in the background. The hotel was equipped with a salon, store, gift shop, restaurant and bar. Chicago South Loop has potential for being a premiere hotel in the Chicago area; however, there are a few things that prevents that from happening: (1) Poor Customer Service: When we arrived, we were "greeted" by a not-so-friendly and inattentive front desk clerk. He curtly asked for my friend's credit card and other information all while talking on the phone. He never asked if we needed additional information regarding public transit, tours, or the other services provided by the hotel (i.e. salon, store, restaurant and bar, gift shop, etc.). He treated us as if we were an inconvience to him. When I tried to request an additional towel set that evening, he told me to "come downstairs" to retrieve the towel set. (2) Quality of the Rooms: While our room was spacious and clean, it was aged. There needs to be major renovations to each of the rooms. The carpet was old and had spots and the linens were dated as well. Even the number plates outside of the rooms were chipped and needed replacing. The lighting was poor and the closets can be expanded to match the size of the room. (3) Promoting the Additional Services: No one told us about all the offerings of the hotel; we had to discover them by walking on the main floor. If Chicago South Loop Hotel wants to generate revenue for these shops, it may want to mention that as a service to customers upon check-in and offer discounts for those who may need them. The highlight of our stay would be Taron, the bellman. He was super courteous and attentive. He walked with us across the street and showed us -- on his phone -- the arrival times for the next bus. He gave us directions to Navy Pier and the Watertower. We gave him our phone number and he asked us (via text) if we got to our desired location. He gave us information regarding Chicago's popular nightspots and eateries. He even helped us search for one of the ladies' car keys. The level of service Taron provided should be a reflection of the service we are expected to receive at the front desk and by every staff member, it should not have been the exception. Overall, if you are looking for an inexpensive place to stay for family and class reunions, this spot is optimal. But if you want a complete hotel experience, then look elsewhere.