This was my first time staying at this hotel, I actually had never heard of it. It is called the Chicago South Loop but there isn't much near the hotel. If one wanted to shop and eat out at a restaurant, a 10 minute bus ride is necessary. Luckily the bus stops right in front of the hotel and the EL is not far. The staff at this hotel is top notch. I received excellent service from the moment I checked in. The front desk was a pleasure, and any time that I called or made a stop at the front desk to ask a question or make a request, they were more than willing to help. That was a great first impression and made the stay pleasant. The room itself was pretty spacious and clean! The bathroom was spacious and clean as well! A clean room and bathroom is crucial to my comfort level at a hotel---well done South Loop! Also, there is a nice flat screen tv in the hotel room and the lobby looks great. I love the art work and its nice and big when you walk into the hotel. Now there is room for improvement, I understand that this is a young hotel so I'm not knocking it, I just want to give ideas for how the hotel stay can improve.... First issue---the bed is not the most comfortable. It is a little stiff and it takes some time to get used to and get cozy. I am not a fan of the mattress, if there is any way for the hotel management to improve that, I hope they do. Second----there was no HBO! The hotel has cable but no HBO channel, I have never been to a hotel without HBO so that was a shock to me. Please get the HBO channel. Third---there is no fridge in the room and no minibar. I know that this is a luxury complaint but if the hotel bills itself as a boutique hotel in the chicago south loop, there should at least be a fridge and minibar in the hotel room. Fourth---the business center only has 3 computers. Fair enough that there is free wi-fi in the hotel and you can hook-up a laptop in your room, but I think the business center can stand to have more than 3 computers. I think the hotel room decor can stand to have a few upgrades. It's not horrible by any means, it fine and its not drab. I just think with a good eye of a creative interior designer, the rooms can look just as good as the main lobby. I also saw what looked like slight water damage above one of the windows in my hotel room. Granted that this could have been due to some of the extremely intense and damaging thunderstorms Chicago has been experiencing this summer but I hope the hotel management will keep an eye on this. Overall, I had a decent stay. There were good things and things that needed improvement and I believe that overtime, these issues will be addressed. Once again, I must give props to the staff.....GREAT SERVICE and CLEAN ROOMS! That alone will give me a reason to book a room at this hotel again.