If you are looking for a good value on a hotel for your Chicago visit then the South Loop will certainly fit your budget. The price was right and it's hard to find a hotel in Chicago that has free parking. But it comes with a lot of other "negatives" that you should be aware of before booking. The hotel is what I would call "average". The staff was fine and the rooms were adequate. But room cleanliness was a concern of ours. The bathroom was very clean and new but the room itself and furniture were old. Room also had a bit of a musty ordor. Hard to sleep due to the very noisy AC unit as well as the numerous sirens that you heard all night due to the close proximity to a hospital. Our room was also on the side of the hotel nearest the train tracks which was also very noisy every time a train went by. Location is the biggest problem with this hotel. It is located about 30 minutes by bus or cab from the heart of downtown Chicago. And the neighborhood it is in, as we later found out from some cab drivers we had, is one of the worst in Chicago. One of our cab dirvers told us he never comes out to the hotel unless he has someone like us going to the hotel from downtown. We were also warned numerous times by cab drivers to not walk around the neighborhood, especially at night. It is in an area that has a lot of low income housing (ie projects) and many vacant and boarded up buildings. Although the hotel staff said it was safe to walk to the train station I certainly would not. Your are almost forced to take a cabe or use the bus which stops on the corner -- but be sure to use cabs at night. While the hotel says they have a deli it is pretty sad. Poor food and poor service. They were using 2 coleman gas stoves to cook eggs and had a hot plate and gridle for pancakes. Also almost no place to sit so you are forced to bring anything you purchase back to your room. You are stuck if you are hungry in the AM for somethin to eat as there is nothing else in the neighborhood. Even if there was you probably would not want to walk there for the reasons previously mentioned. As I said, a good bargin for your dollar given the cost of hotels in Chicago but be sure to evaluate the location and other safety issues you need to consider. We'll pay the etra $$ on our next visit to Chicago and avoid this hotel.