Hmm. The good stuff. It was clean. Free parking in a well lit, fenced-in (not gated) lot. It was cheap when compared to the nicer hotels downtown, but it is by no means one of those nicer hotels. I stayed at a LaQuinta earlier in the week that blew this place away in all categories. The night desk girl was useless when we asked about a good blues bar and the best way to get uptown with out driving. "You have to take the bus." Well, duh. We tried venturing out but didn't have exact change for the bus (another detail that the desk clerk could have mentioned after we asked her where the ATM is; apparently this is common knowledge, but I don't take public transit often). So we went to the hotel bar which is like any other sports bar. The bartender was pleasant and they had plenty of TVs. The elevator makes scary sounds for only being a year and half old. The rooms are quite large actually, but there's not a whole lot in them. 2 pictures on the walls and they were the exact same picture. Not that I really care about a picture on the wall, but it gives a good idea of the attention to detail in this hotel and the barebones nature of the rooms. No in room information about the hotel, room service, etc. We had a restaurant menu from a restaurant not on the premises and a folder with printouts from the cafe. The printouts themselves were wrinkled and waterstained, unprofessional at best. The cafe was about the size of our room and done cafeteria style with the seating in a room across the hall. I didn't try the food because we waited for a few minutes and it didn't seem like anything was going on. No orders taken, no food coming out, no acknowledgment of us coming in the door. The line didn't budge. We got a couple waters from there later on and I'm not sure the woman said anything legible to us. All in all it was a little disappointing. It seems with a little more effort/investment it could be a great hotel. It was just missing a lot in the details. Like my title I would recommend it only if you just need a place to stay. Next time I want to hang out in Chicago I won't be staying at the Chicago South Loop. I'll spend the extra to be in the middle of the action.