I have just returned from a wonderful trip to beautiful Madrid with my 21 year old daughter and my sister. The hotel is very central and easy walking to all the major attractions (Plaza Mayor, Palace, Prado, Retiro Park etc) and plenty of restaurants and right beside the pedestrianized shopping streets. The hotel is very modern and the room had lovely bedlinen and plenty of towels and toiletries and a great shower. We had booked a room for three and like the previous reviewer I would have to say it was a little pokey and when the bunk bed was down it was difficult to pass by and access the bathroom (especially in the middle of the night). We had a quiet room at the back of the hotel which meant we all got a good nights sleep. The internet access was a bonus as my daughter could keep in contact with friends. The mini bar is expensive so we just bought water locally and used the fridge to cool it. I did notice a smell on one evening when we returned but it was gone after we showered and then didnt appear again. One point however we all seemed to start sneezing when we turned on the heating. I'm not sure if there was dust in the fan or in the room!! We also noticed the lack of mirrors with three of us vying for one mirror to do makeup etc it required planning but was not a major issue. The check-in was efficient but staff are a little distant and somewhat vague. On the first night we asked for restaurant recommendations and we were directed to La Latina which we were told was a short walk. I'm not sure if we got lost but we couldnt find the area and it was dark and very quiet and we decided to head back towards Sol where we found a lovely restaurant and a little buzz. The breakfast is good and as we paid while booking it cost 10 and not the 16 as advertised. Its worth 10 but not 16. Locally there are lovely pastry shops and specialist ham shops that do coffee, churros, etc which I would probably opt for when I return to Madrid. All in all Madrid is a beautiful city with a laid back atmosphere, great value for food, drink and taxis. The metro is cheap, safe and never too crowded (we bought the 3 day tourist pass at the information office just before you enter the metro in the airport, it was 11.50 and proved to be great value as it covered the journey to and from the airport and all other journeys . The lady at the desk was very helpful with directions and metro changes and even marked our hotel exactly on the map The hotel is fine and it is clean, safe and very modern and I would probably stay there again as the location is excellent. If you're not looking for engaging staff and spacious accommodation and reception rooms than you could do worse than stay here. I would have liked a bar or somewhere to have a coffee or drink after a day's sight seeing. I am planning a return trip at some stage with my husband as I know he would love Madrid. Try not to take the metro all the time as walking around is a pleasure with all the beautiful buildings and amazing little streets and artwork.