Staying here is like staying in a room designed by whomever designed the Virgin America planes. There's no overhead light and everything is cast is this pink glow that makes you feel like you're at a night club. Amenities are nice and room is a decent size for a European hotel... my one complaint is no tissue box. Seriously, you can't figure out a way to fit in a tissue box? Also, my husband got pick pocketed in the neighborhood on our last night in this hotel which obviously colors my opinion of this hotel's location but should not be discounted since based on previous reviews this seems to be par for the course. There's a good five minute walk to Las Ramblas from the hotel and although the street is not a narrow one it is filled with sketchy characters. I am from NYC and I've been in sketchy areas before and I will definitely vouch for this hotel being located in a sketchy sketchy neighborhood. It's a cool hotel, but not worth getting pick pocketed. My advice is don't stay near Las Ramblas. I read all of the reviews and thought "hey, I've been in sketchy neighborhoods, the hotel sounds cool so I'm sure I can handle it." We were walking back home from dinner at around 10pm on Carrera Hospital street and some dude came up trying to bum a cigarette and then started kicking my husband in his chin (actually cut his chin up) and then when my husband pushed him away he jammed his hand into my husband's front jean pocket (where he happened to coincidentally have his iphone) and stole the phone. By the time my husband had grabbed the guy's hand he had already passed it off to his friend who ran down an alleyway and disappeared. We were extremely careful with where we had our stuff stored in our pockets (no back pockets, nothing easily accessible), but as you can see the thieves in this neighborhood are diligent in their thieving and even willing to resort to physical violence to get what they want. Heed the warnings of your fellow travelers and stay somewhere else. You can take your chances and you may be the one person that doesn't happen to get pick pocketed in this neighborhood but just know that makes you the exception and not the rule.