This should have been a positive review. But it won't be! To make a long story short, the hotel is fabulous, its security not so... You see, someone stole a handbag of ours at the hotel's lobby, right under the nose of the security manager who was present at the time... Part 1: The room We made the reservation through barcelonahotels.es back in late August and took advantage of the hotel's amazing opening offer that gave us a double room with 40% discount. We booked our room for seven nights in Christmas. We arrived late in the afternoon of our arrival day (a piece of advice to travelers using the Metro: although it will take you everywhere in Barcelona, it's not the best way to travel when you're carrying a lot of luggage like we did; the escalators usually go only one way and there's a lot of stairs to climb up or down). The staff was very kind and spoke very well English so we were in our room on the fourth floor within minutes. The room had a big double bed. It was the best bed we've slept on! Very big, very comfortable with very comfy cushions, pillows and a great quilt. The room itself is fairly comfortable. It's rather big, with a huge window-wall. On the room's desk, under the television set, there were many guidebooks of Barcelona, so you needn't worry about buying one: you'll find all the info you want right there. The television was a flat screen LG with satellite reception. There is no separate bathroom. The room has a beautiful shower right next to the bed. The shower's walls are semi-transparent, so you must be very intimate with your roommate if you decide to stay there. There are though other rooms that have separate bathroom. The shower is magnificent! It has a rain function that is very relaxing and a temperature regulator to keep the water at a steady temperature. Behind the shower there's a small space to hang your clothes, the safe with an electronic key lock, a couple of drawers and room for your shoes. Next to the wardrobe is the toilet. The toilet's door is also a full body mirror, and it slides sideways revealing the toilet. Beside the shower there is a vanity mirror, the faucet and the sink, and the Nespresso coffee machine. Our offer didn't include a full breakfast in the price; instead we were offered what was called a light breakfast which consisted of an orange juice, a banana and one yogurt. Everyday the maid replenished our supply of nespresso coffee cartridges so in the morning we had almost everything we desired! If the light breakfast included a cake it would be nothing less than perfect! The room didn't have central heating. Instead, the room's temperature was regulated by the air condition unit. It's controls were next to the bed, by the phone, along with the controls to open or close the curtains. The only problem we could find with our room, was its lighting. It was simply not enough. It made a nice, romantic atmosphere, but if you wanted to read on bed, pick your clothes or put some make up on, it wasn't enough. The room and the lobby with its bar and restaurant were fantastic, as you can see from the photos as well. So what happened to award them with a mediocre 3 stars in our review? Part 2: The incident Someone stole a handbag of ours inside the hotel, in the lobby, right under the nose of the security manager who was present at the time and despite the many security cameras overlooking the premises!!! It was our last day at the hotel, we were to leave the next morning. In the lobby of the hotel there are two Mac's for the hotel's guests with free access to the Internet. We had just walked back from our stroll in the city and we sat to check our emails. When we finished we went upstairs only to realize that our bag was missing. Believing that we had simply forgotten it by the Mac I went immediately down to the lobby. Alas the bag was missing. I immediately asked the gentleman who was there all the time if he saw our bag but he told me that he hadn't seen anything. I also informed the hotel's reception. They assured me that the hotel is well monitored by numerous video surveillance cameras, that nothing out of the ordinary ever happened in their hotel. I asked them to check the video. The aforementioned gentleman indeed went somewhere to check the video tape. The gentleman returned and told me that he saw nothing suspicious on tape, just me and my wife entering the hotel, sitting at the computers and a little later leaving with nothing left behind. My mind was about to explode! I was certain that I had the bag with me when I walked into the hotel. I am a trusting man though, and went back to the last store we were before returning to the hotel just to make sure I hadn't forgotten it there. I hadn't. I came back to the hotel and asked them to check their tapes again. The security manager (the same man who was present at the time of the incident and the same man who didn't see anything out of the ordinary on the tape) told me that he would review the tapes as soon as possible. I explained to him that we were to leave very early in the morning so he assured me that by 22:30 he would give me a definitive answer of what happened according to their security tapes. Mind you that all these happened at 17:30. We went out for dinned and at 22:30 they called us from the hotel only to tell us that "No one entered, no one left, no one went along you while you were sitting at the computers". That made absolutely no sense at all! There were only two possibilities: Either I had lost the bag before returning to the hotel, or someone took it when we sat at the lobby, so I asked them to check the tape and see if I was wearing the bag on me when I entered the hotel at around 17:30. They said they would and we went straight back to the hotel. Upon our arrival at the hotel, the receptionist told us that "Someone took your bag"! No kidding! That was what we were telling them all day! They had reviewed the tapes, and I had the bag on me when I had entered the hotel in the afternoon. Then they saw someone who had come to the hotel only minutes before and sat there idly, to leave shortly after hiding something that looked like our bag under his coat. However, when we asked if they have him on tape actually grabbing the bag, the receptionist told us that the cameras don't caver the computers. On their advice, we went to the police to file a complaint. Hours later, we realized that something else was wrong: If the cameras didn't cover the area of the computers, why did they tell us that no one entered, no one left and no one passed by our table while we were there? So we left a note at the reception asking for explanations. The next day we checked out and returned home. The day after I received a phone call from the hotel. They apologized and told me that I was right, they had a problem with the security company they employed; it was their security manager who assured them all the time than nothing had happened, and only when the saw the video tape for themselves found out that he wasn't telling the truth. They said that they had a problem with their security company, a problem they would surely address immediately. I hope so! The hotel offered no compensation whatsoever, only their verbal apologies. It's such a pity, that we were their first customers to be robbed, right inside their hotel, at the lobby of the hotel! I sincerely hope they made all the necessary arrangements so something like that won't happen ever again. But to be on the safe side, mind your thing just in case...