Husband and I took a trip to Branson on a whim. In my last minute search for the best deal I came upon Amazinn Inn. It is conveniently right off of the busy strip, which is what we liked the most about it. They had a good promo price online so we booked it. Upon arrival we submitted our AAA membership card because they offered discounts for AAA members. We were told that since we got the best rate possible that they could not give us our AAA discount. I mentioned that we signed the guest book online, which offered a discount for doing, and requested that discount to be accounted for. Apparently if you sign the guest book AFTER you have made the reservation online the discount is not valid until your next stay. We are not overly frugal by any means, but a discount is a discount. We could have stayed anywhere in Branson, believe me they have hundreds of places to choose from, I think this hotel has lost sight of that. Besides lack of customer service the staff surprisingly didn't know anything about Branson. We talked to both clerks at the from desk and asked about best shows, best restaurants, best attractions, etc. Neither of them could suggest anything except for a steakhouse down the road that usually has a lot of cars in the parking lot. They gave us some brochures and wished us the best of luck. (Thank God for Trip Advisor, we got on our iPads and found the best of everything in Branson!) We went to our room, without our discount, and found it to be clean. The room decor is outdated, but the bed was very comfy. Beware of the description of the size of the beds. We supposedly had double queens in our room, They were more like glorified twin beds. The mini fridge kept all of our perishables and beverages cold. The coffee maker is one of those "one cup at a time" types. The pool is small, but it was clean. Pool could use a couple of more lounge chairs. We did not eat the free breakfast that was offered. We went down one morning to check it out. The staff was scrambling to keep up with the hungry patrons. They couldn't refill the food fast enough and people were waiting so we went out for breakfast both mornings. All in all the place is clean and inexpensive. If you are on a tight budget this place is reasonable, but don't expect additional discounts, a knowledgeable staff, or excellent customer service.