My husband (43) and I (40) along with our two girls, who are 14 and 11, stayed in the Amazinn & Suites the end of June 09. Sorry for the long review, but I try to remember to put in all the things Id like to know about. Booking: We pre-booked our room online through their website directly. If you book through their website and want to save a few dollars on the roommake sure to register online for their e-mail/newsletter thing prior to booking and you get a cheaper rate. We paid $252 for three nights. I have yet to get any e-mails from themnot that I particularly want any. Location: The location was on the red route. It is, as many others are, within a 5-10 minute drive of things to do. This route is definitely not as busy as the main strip of Hwy 76. The location was good. Check-in: The front desk was very friendly and helpful upon check in. The only thing was our reservation was under someone elses first name and not mine.happily there was no problem with getting our room. Just weird where did that name came from? Room: We booked the family deluxe (first floor with microwave, mini-fridge, coffee pot and hairdryer), which has three beds but no sofa. The beds were some of the most comfortable beds weve stayed in. Im sure it is due to the newer pillow-top mattresses that were had been told that were recently put in. The room was pretty clean. No obvious gross stuff such as mold, stained comforters, dust, or funky smell, etc. Thank goodness as cleanliness is tops at my hotel want listnot that I havent ended up staying in a crappy dirty hotel before. My daughter did however find some items like a baby doll bottle and cup, that werent ours, under our two beds when we were checking for items we may have left behind before checking out. TV and A/C worked fine. We did have a little trouble with the satellite clock but the front desk promptly switched it for us. We did require additional towels the last evening we were at the hotel. This turned out to be a small issue. I went to the desk and low and behold they had not an extra towel available. I was standing there with a dumb look on my face thinking how nasty it would be to use the towels we had just thrown in a heap, in the bathtub, to dry off with again in the morning!? Yuck! A light bulb went off in my head and I asked if we could get some from another empty room next to us. Well thankfully they obliged and I was allowed to get a key and go get towels from another empty room. I did this myself they did not offer to do it. So no over the top servicewhich, I guess, I didnt mind, thinking of the clean towel Id be able to use, was worth it! LOL Also, they allow pets. The room next to us had a barking dog. It barked everytime we'd walk by. I was thinking... oh jeez...we'll have to listen to that all night. Thank goodness the owners were either back in the evening or the walls were pretty thick as it's barking did not bother us at night. Pool/Hot tub: The day we checked it the hotel was extremely full and so was the pool. The pool is a nice size, but no frills. It appeared clean. I did not swim in it but our girls did daily. They said the pool temperature was a little warmer than a typical refreshing swim during the day, but still felt goodbut said was wonderful in the evening after a day full of events. There was a hot tub and it was functioning properly during our stay. No lifeguard on dutywhich is normal for hotels and it closed at 11pm, although I dont believe they strictly enforce it. Laundry: The hotel has a self-laundry that has two washing machines and two dryers. They have no washing products to buy in the laundry room. You can buy a one-load powder tide or a 2 sheet per box dryer sheets from the front desk. No Clorox is available there. The products were $1 a box. My husband took me to Walgreens (5-10 min away) and we purchased a small bottle of soap and Clorox. This was much more economical for our multiple loads of laundrytwo loads a day! Hey I have two girls! LOL Internet: I did not use the Internet but they had a computer in the lobby that could be used by adults over 18. It seemed to work fine as there seemed to be someone using it all the time. Continental Breakfast: Unfortunately, my dear husband is the only early bird. The three mornings he got there and ate before us girls got up he said the breakfast was just what other reviewers said. Just average. There was cereal, bagels, muffins, boiled eggs, biscuits, and gravy and fruit salad. Us girls managed to go to breakfast two mornings. The first morning we got there pretty late. The breakfast ends at 9:30. And when they say 9:30 they mean it. Things are being put away before that very time. At about 9:20, no fault to them, we walked in and there was hardly anything left to eat. No biscuits or anything but some eggs, cerealbut no milk, and maybe a couple muffins. So defiantly go at a decent time if you actually want to eat. The lady in charge of breakfast is just what other reviewers stated too. She seemed very put out to be wiping tables and when something ran outwell tough luck. Shed roll her eyes when people would ask if there was any more biscuits and gravy. Shed say that it would take twenty minutes to get some ready so they werent doing anymore. Some people were pretty upset with her. She told us that she couldnt believe people were just so messy and she wouldnt put up with it in her home! She scared me a little! LOL Could be she was having a bad couple of days. Either way, we made sure to hand wipe the table before we got up to leave! I guess the included continental breakfast is just thatvery continental, very bland but also very free. Overall: It was a pretty clean hotel for a decent price. It was very comfortable. Front desk service was pretty good but the breakfast lady gave, I wouldnt say poor service as kind of crabby service. We have been to Branson four times and stayed at Twelve Oaks Inn, Lynina Inn, Amazinn & Suites, and one other so long ago I dont recall the name. Im not sure if I would stay there again as we like to try out different locations, but would keep it in mind. Other info: This trip we also went to Hollywood Wax Museum, Titanic Museum, Go Kart tracks (Lumberjack & Wild-Woody), Silver Dollar City, Haygoods Concert, Montana Mike Restaurant and Fall Creek Restaurant. If you want you can see my reviews on these. (some of these are in-progress if you dont see them yet) I hope this was helpful as I always review tons before a trip. If you have any other questions I may be able to help with please e-mail me. Thanks and enjoy your trip!