We recently stayed at the Great Southern for the 3rd time. On our two previous visits we were offered an upgrade upon checking in and both times our rooms were very spacious, both times were double rooms( lounge and bedroom) with large flat screens in both rooms, and views of Sydney skyline, Darling Harbour etc. What a surprise to arrive this time for a two nights stay to walk into the smallest hotel room in Sydney, complete with a view directly into the window of another room Wow! we requested an upgrade and were told that we could be moved into a larger room with a view the following day, we were even given the room number. We packed our bags the following morning, put them into the storeroom and came back about 3pm collected our room cards and went to our new room. (not the one allotted to us the previous day though). The room was about one square metre larger than the previous, and the view was of a different window of another room. Very disappointed. We had commented on the standard of the buffet breakfast on our last visit but nothing has changed. For what you pay you receive a very poor selection, lukewarm, and often a wait for plates, cups or cuttlery. Also the restocking of the food as it is consumed takes a long while. The coffee is appalling. On the second morning we tried the "Great Sanger", please don't repeat our error. This is served in a polystyrene container which you must take away, I suppose it is so that other guests cant see this train wreck of a "meal". As you have to wait for this delight, one would expect it to have been cooked for you, but no, staff must just wander out to the buffet and select some lukewarm items and throw them onto two pieces of cold soggy toast. Being handed your breakfast and expected to be on your way is also slightly demeaning. The positives: The location, we have used the Hotel to stay prior to flying overseas and it is very very handy to Central Station, buses to get to Circular Quay, the Rocks etc, right at the Markets and not too far to walk to Darling Harbour if you wish. The Decor, love the use of so much of the old Hotel in the refurbishment. Very nice indeed. The Pub. They serve cold beer and good reasonably priced pub food. We may stay again, but can't guarantee it.