The Great Southern Hotel is conveniently located in Sydney CBD. A 5 minute walk from Central Station, less than 10 minute ride by train from Sydney airport. The Great Southern is within walking distance to Paddy's Market (100m) and China Town (200m). Beyond that, there is easy access to great restaurants and shopping. I arrived at The Great Southern on Christmas Day with my partner. We stayed a total of three nights. During this time, staffing was at an absolute minimum. There was no room service during this holiday period, so our two small rubbish bins were overflowing by the second day, and we ran out of toilet paper. However, when we requested more toilet paper and fresh towels at reception, the staff were more than obliging. The trade off for the convenience of location would probably be the small room and noise. We were staying next to a room of noisy neighbours who talked and giggled into the early hours of the morning. The paper thin walls meant that even the opening and closing of drawers could be clearly heard, resulting in poor sleep for me and my partner. When I reserved the hotel online, there was no breakfast included in the price of the room. The room had to be paid in full and was not refundable. When we arrived at the hotel, there were many posters and advertising of the breakfast options, both around the hotel and in the room. Option A was the buffet breakfast for $19 p.p. and Option B was The Great Sanger (a sandwich with egg, bacon, sausage, hash brown, cheese and tomato sauce) with either a coffee or a juice for $8. Since I am not a big eater, Option B seemed like a reasonable choice, and well priced as well. Breakfast tickets could be purchased at reception the day before, and handed to the waiter in the morning. We bought two tickets for The Great Sanger on the first night and headed downstairs to the restaurant for breakfast on the second day. Upon handing in our tickets, we were informed that The Great Sanger was a takeaway option only (later we realised that it was stated in the fine print on the posters, but it was not mentioned at reception when we purchased our tickets). We were handed two paper cups and our sandwiches in styrofoam packaging, which frankly seemed like a waste of packaging since the restaurant was mostly empty when we arrived. We headed back up to our room to enjoy our takeaway breakfast, which was surprisingly good and filling. Check out time is 10am, and on our final day in Sydney our flight wasn't until after 4pm. The Great Southern has a bag holding service for $2 per item which we took advantage of. Overall, our stay at The Great Southern was quite pleasant. The price of the room varied night to night, but for the three day total, the cost was very reasonable for the peak holiday period. I would recommend The Great Southern to anyone on a budget who doesn't want to stay in a backpacker hostel or if you don't have a car to get around.