This is not a bad airport hotel, one in which Ive stayed a few times when I have only a few hours between connections at Changi, but need some shut eye and a shower. There are alternatives, notably a hotel inside the departure area where one can rent accommodations by the hour, if you dont mind the tiny monk-like cell and a nearly complete absence of accoutrements. That has its uses, as well. On the plus side Crowne Plaza rooms are spacious and comfortable, and it is very convenient to the Changi terminals. On the downs ide, on my recent stay, two of the electrical outlets reserved for guest use did not work, and the Ethernet cable needed for Internet access was broken on both ends, making it impossible for me to plug the cable into my laptop. I was not in the mood, following my 1 a.m. check in, to call maintenance or housekeeping. So I did without Internet for the night, meaning I could not Skype home to speak to my wife. Instead, I had to use my mobile  costly! Also, I was told upon check in that wireless was available in the public areas. However, descending to breakfast in the morning, I was told  upon askingthat the restaurant (second floor) did not have wireless. Only the lobby did. So I decided to simply skip the breakfast buffet, which did not strike me as great or extensive, particularly for Asia, and simply have a coffee. When I got the bill, I was being charged S$8 for the coffee-- S$9.42, including tax, etc. I realize that these are Singapore dollars, and somewhat lower than USD. But I still found this outrageous, and declined to pay, particularly since I could not event access the Internet, which was a major goal in the first place. So later on (after I had a more reasonably priced breakfast elsewhere in the airport), I used the wireless in the lobby. Deal there, unless one had already logged in from one's room, which, as you see above, I could not do, is that one buys a drink, then gets comp Internet access. So I bought a coffee. It was still S$9.42, but at least I got my wireless! FYI, The corridors are open air, so are a bit muggy. But the rooms have good a/c.