So, two weeks in Singapore and Malaysia on business was going to end in Singapore the afternoon before a 6:00am flight to Tokyo. The best approach, I thought to myself, was book a room at the Changi Airport hotel, a Crowne Plaza, to make life easy. No denying the location was very convenient, especially if you are flying out of Terminal 3 and can take advantage of the short walk from the hotel to the departure desks. Unfortunately, I was leaving from Terminal 1 and had to leave the hotel during the two early-morning hours when the SkyTrain from Terminal 3 to Terminals 2 and 1 does not run. Hmmm, one last taxi ride. The location of the Crown Plaza seems to me to be a mixed blessing - convenient but no real competition to keep the staff and management on their toes. We arrived on a typically hot and muggy afternoon and no one showed up to help with bags (indeed there was no signs of life in front of the hotel) until we had unloaded the taxi and were getting ready to schlep our stuff inside - then doormen appeared. Check in was very impersonal - unlike our experience at the Marina Bay Sands and the Hilton Kuala Lumpur. It felt unsatisfying - little eye contact or welcome though there was no check-in line. The hotel is dark throughout and to access your room you have to walk down open-to-the-weather (but covered) corridors so you are in and out of air conditioning. The room itself was fine - it looked out on Terminal 3 and the runway but sound insulation was fine and the room wasn't too noisy. Internet in the room is expensive and I don't believe there was free wireless in the lobby. I asked at the Concierge desk for a map of the airport and was told to walk over into the airport and find one. Another hmmm.... The restaurant (we wanted to eat early because we needed to get to bed early for a 4am check-out) we wanted to eat at wasn't open, despite info in the hotel guest book, for an hour after we planned to eat. When my wife mentioned that the hostess argued with her, even after my wife went back to the room and brought down the sheet listing hours in the guest book in our room. Yet another hmmm..... Then there was the Business Center where we went to print out our boarding passes. Down a dim hallway we went and got our business done-expensively. As we were leaving we saw a sign go up saying "Closed. Check with Concierge Desk". We were lucky we didn't arrive 15 minutes after we did, I can't imagine the Concierge Desk being helpful. So, it was the end of a long busy trip and the hotel was convenient for an early check-out but that was all the Crowne Plaza Changi had going for it. If location for arrival/departure is important to you then check out the Crowne Plaza Changi Airport. If you don't face time constraints there are plenty of other, much nicer (watch for my upcoming review of the Marina Bay Sands-wow!) hotels in Singapore.