I just had a one night transit at the Crown Plaza Changi. Basically just want a place to sleep before my flight early next morning. Arriving The hotel is conveniently connected to Terminal 3 via a covered walkway. Can basically push the baggage trolley directly to the hotel reception area after clearing immiration and customs. Check-in wasn't very fast with a bit of waiting because I asked for a quiet room. I was assigned to a room away from the runway since I asked for a quiet room. The Room First thing first, this hotel is more like a 4star than a 5-star. The room quality and furnishing reflects that. It's more IKEA style than luxurious. The decorative panels uses cheap wood. The flooring in the bathroom are tiles instead of marble. The glass panel walls on the bathroom has a cheesy orchid pattern on it. Regardless, the room is clean and functional. There's a bed, a good size working desk with ample power plugs to charge your stuff, LCD TV on the wall, a nice soaking tub ( but a bit small ), and rainforest shower with good water pressure. The room design adopts a open concept bathroom and you can "see thru" from the room to the bathroom. Privacy blinds are available in the bathroom if needed. An iPod station is conveniently provided for guests to hook up their iPods. The room does comes with some annoying aspects. The light switches are hidden and there are many. There's no master switch to just turn off every light in the room. Lights have to be turned off individually and some of the switches are well hidden. There's no closet or cupboard, only a small area to hang your jacket. The airconditioning was very cold, blowing near freezing air directly into the bed and the provided thermostat was useless. In the end, I just switched it off. Probably a technician from the hotel could have fixed the problem but it was late at night so I didn't bother to call. It doesn't get too warm at night anyway. The bed mattress is quite hard and not exactly comfortable for me. No complimentary mineral water provided at all. The only bottle of water provided in the room cost a ridiculous S$12/= a bottle. Fortunately, I took a few bottles from the airplane before I disembarked. For the room rate this hotel charges, it's kind of stingy. The view looking out to the changi airport tower was quite nice but due to the wierd design facade of the hotel, it was covered in metal grids. So it's as good as no view. Service I didn't ask for any service since it's only a one night transit. So can't comment much. There doesn't seem to be much staff at the hotel anyway. There are some cutting corners going on. Door key was just a card, without even a key holder which is the usual practise. When I checked out, the bill was given to me stapled instead of in an envelope which is the usual practice, a first for me. I had to request one. Perhaps the hotel is trying to save on envelopes? Conclusion For the price I paid at S$250/= just to stay one night, on hindsight, it's a lot to pay for the convenience and not a very good value. Perhaps a short 20 mins taxi ride to Marina bay will have landed me at a better hotel with better rooms at similar room rates. Overall, as a transit hotel, the crown Plaza Changi does delivers the basics, which is a good shower and a good night sleep but just don't expect much.