The Four Seasons Isanbul is a big, bustling, noisy place. It has a spectacular view of the Bosphorous and a first rate indoor swimming pool and spa. But there is musack in the elevators, loud parties every night by the outdoor pool and a clientele that spends a lot of time talking in very llud voices on cellphones and smoking big fat cigars. The hotel is in a terrible location for visiting Istanbul's important sites. For that, there is probably no nicer hotel than the other Four SEasons in town, which is a treasure. The Four Seasons Bosphorous is probably best situated for business downtown. Rooms are small. Prices are high and unless you spring for the $2500 a night suites overlooking the Bozphorous you will probably be disappointed with the view. (Other reviewers have showed photographs of their rooms with supposed Booherous views.) Our room cost 620 euros per night and overlooked the hotel awning and car park. It was in the main, old palace section of the hotel so had wonderful nigh ceilings but the room itself was tiny. Two decent closets but no good place to set the suitcase. Servicd at the hotel is hit and miss. Some employees were attentive and helpful. Others were inept. There was complete chaos, for example, with our bags when we checked in. A reservation was made with the concierge for dinner in the hotel restaurant, Acqua. When we arrived at the restaurant, they had no record of our name. We eventually got a table. Wish we hadn't. The food at Acqua was by far the worst meal we had in Turkey. Embarrassing for a high end resort to have a kitchen turn out the slop we were served. The chef, we were told is Italian so we ordered risotto, which was sicky, leaden glop. The pasta was overcooked mush. The services at the spa were also a disappointment. The sauna and steam are great but the 45 minute 150 Euro hamman treatment was a waste of money. Ic business is oaying for this hotel, grest. But as a tourist in Istanbulm paying 20 euros per day for Internet is absurd.