After having been let down by a different hotel booked way in advance (feb) I was left with just a week to sort alternative accom for my wife and myself for the Rage against the Machine concert in Finsbury Park. We ended up here. In truth... the staff were excellent, knew the area, and gave out directions to where-ever we asked for, and knew info about buses and trains. Can't fault them. The hotel it's self was ok. Not something you'd rave about but considering we'd taken a 10 hour coach ride from Amsterdam overnight, as long as it had a bed it would've done us fine. Speaking of the bed, it was large, and firm! Always a good thing. No one likes a bed with a dip in the middle! The room was small but did what it was supposed to, as did the bathroom/shower and the water was hot, the pressure good! The only bad thing I can say about the place is, at night, the rooms held in the days heat. A fan would sort this out and get the air moving, something perhaps for the owners to consider in the lower floored rooms. It made for a slightly stuffy room, which i suppose if you've had a beer or two you'll not notice, but on a warm evening it means the covers on the bed are redundant as you'll probably just crash on top of them. The local underground is a 10 min walk away (last stop in Zone 2.. so still a cheep fare to city centre!!), along with an overground rail, and 5 mins from the hotel there is a 24 hour shop (inc cash machine) and 2 reasonable enough pubs. A main bus route also serves the road the hotel is situated on. Asides from the slightly humid room it did what it was supposed to do. Although.. I nearly forgot... the breakfast... is as is mentioned below. Basically toast. No fruit, no orange juice, and indeed no marmalade. Still, i cant bring myself to moan about it too much. Better to turn right and hit a cafe 5 mins down the road which does a full english for a decent price. I'd come back, although i might be tempted to ask for a frequent user rate... lol 80 per night isn't bad for a couple in London with only a weeks notice, so again I'm not that bothered about the price. All in all I got what i expected, which is all I can really ask for.