Rooms: I got myself a Grandeur room with a King size bed. It has a big 32 LCD TV. Room is reasonably big while Bathroom does not have a bath tub. The room also has got a very small window and of course there is no balcony (I guess it is with Suites only). If you love to look out of your room, pls ask for rooms with double window when you reserve. WiFi Internet access is free and that is a big plus. Big windows would have earned rooms 1 more star from me. It does have a mini refrigerator as well. Iron and ironing board, travel adaptors are available upon request. Late check out/ early check in are allowed subject to availability at no extra cost Restaurant: Does not have any of its own. But they do serve breakfast for free. Limited items but taste is good and breakfast is sufficient. As for lunch/ dinner, there is a French restaurant (Picotin) in the same campus, most haunted by locals, so one can try that (min S$60 for 3 course meal) . Else, about 300 meters away you have plenty of restaurants/ bars (including 2 Indian restaurants) on sixth avenue. Room Rates: Reasonably priced. But do try to call hotel for discounts before booking. (Rack rates are much higher than what you book at) Proximity: No MRT nearby but there is one coming up in year 2014. Bus stop is 250 meters away from where you can find buses to nearest MRT or even Orchard Road. Interestingly the place has direct link by bus to major shopping areas besides Orchard like Boon Lay, Bukit Timah, Clementi besides those who have work in NUS Kent Bridge, there is a direct connection too. There is a supermarket (Cold Storage) nearby as well. In the hotel compound, there is a famous but expensive Spa as well. If going by taxi, please tell driver that you have to go near horsecity opposite sixth avenue on Bukit Timah Road because this place/ hotel is not well known among the cabbies. Verdict: The hotel is in a compound where besides hotel there is a Montessori, a French restaurant, a Spa besides a horse turf and a dog compound. At the rate being offered and the access to various places, I have all praise for this hotel. A hotel that could have completed the 5 star rating if limitations are addressed. Plus: Rooms, location, internet access (if it works) Minus: Maintenance staff works at their own leisure. I could not access internet at one point in time and it made me call them almost 6 times and they took 5 days to correct the problem. Upon check out when I asked for discount on account of internet issue, I was told that since it was for free so no discounts. I hope someday they should not come n say today no breakfast and since it is also for free so hardly as a guest we can do . No choice in cable channels. No Hindi channel. Paid parking at S$1/hr during day time & half after that. Verdict: Dont choose just because it has got good reviews. It is near to no tourist spot and the price you pay for it, can get you a descent accommodation in the city. I choose it because it has direct access to NUS. Choose this only if you feel like staying in a resort. Word of caution: Bathroom sleepers are supplied only if u ask for :) ????