We went to Hotel Re last Sep 12-14, 2009. When we arrive in Hotel Re,we didn't realized at first how far we are from Orchard Road. Until we went down for a walk after a 2-3 hours rest . Good points are, hotel is clean. The bed is very conducive for sleeping. I love their bed, pillows and bedsheet!I rally had a nice sleep here! Staffs are friendly, upon request they allowed us for early check-in and late check-out of up to 2pm.Breakfast is ok, although not much choices, especially on the 2nd day when they removed the fried rice which we are looking.they changed it to noodles instead...Nice staff also.some are Filipina.. Hotel Re is also very near China Town. Which is the best place to buy all your pasalubong./souvenirs. Another Positive point about this hotel is free wifi and free call anywhere in Singapore be it landline or mobile phone...Negative points are: This is very far from Orchard Road. Next time, I would want to stay at a hotel near Orchard Road because 1, to be able to find restaurants and places to eat to which are just walking distance to your hotel! I am sure you would mind paying SGD10 /per way everytime you want to eat or go for a mall shopping. Although my agent told me Hotel Re has free shuttle going to Orchard Rd, they have 2 schedules only. 11am and 2:30 pm...so if you want to go shopping as early as 10am, you will still need to wait for the 11am shuttle. or if you miss the 11am, worst you have to wait for the 2:30pm free shuttle..which is such a waste of time.2, the hotel is located in Pearl'sHill. Although near China Town where you can eat, and eat cheap foods, by the time you want to go back to your hotel, you still need to walk up going to your hotel.by the time you reach Hotel Re, you are hungry again and tired! For those who wants to just take a rest and spend some quiet time in Singapore, this is the best hotel. But for those persons who wants to shop, eat and have fun walking around...I suggest choose a hotel near Orchard Road..Hotel Re is nice but not extra ordinarily nice, meals niether..so 3 star hotel along Orchard Road would be much much better..considering how expensive taxi is in Singapore!