Based on the excellent ratings on Trip Advisor we decided to try the Hotel Re! for 8 nights instead of a more conventional downtown chain. The Re! is certainly very clean with comfortable beds and although rooms can be small it offers reasonable value. These are room sizes as given to me Superior room - 14sq m Deluxe room - 18sq m Executive room - 20sq m Business room - 24sq m Premier room - 28sq m Family suite - 35sq m Themed suite - 35sq m We ended up with a deluxe which is about as small as I'd be prepared to rent for two people. Space in the bathroom was very limited. The hotel's trendy design may or may not be to your liking ( I like ! ) but it can't disguise that the Hotel is still a modified school. As you enter the building it looks like the YMCA. The absence of a garden or pool confirm this as a night stop retreat only and not somewhere you'd wish return to - to escape the midday sun. The slightly out of town location needn't be much of an issue. Taxis are quite cheap ( about 6S$ to town ) or a 5 minute downhill walkway to the Outram MRT station is easy if you're fit - remember the heat and gates at the hotel exit are locked at midnight. Also be aware that many taxi drivers have never heard of the new Hotel Re so you need to keep a map and address handy. Less happily we had an issue with the billing. I booked directly using the Hotel's own website and ordered a room with breakfast. On arrival things were not quite as agreed but we appeared to resolve the issue and continued our stay. On checkout the bill totals didn't appear unreasonable but the room rate had been crossed out and a higher one put in.It was suggested that I must have agreed to that as my signature was at the bottom of the sheet. I knew nothing of that alteration and had not initialled it. I don't think that there was any malpractice it just seemed that there was confusion over what the internet site lets you book and how they interpret things at the front desk. All I would suggest is that you check your bill carefully on arrival and at departure. To conclude the staff were generally helpful and friendly but no more that I would expect. The food was adequate. For us the killer was the cold atmosphere. It may be that the Feng Shui expert got it wrong but more likely that once a school always a school and the staff are perhaps inexperienced in genuine hospitality. There was no charm about the place. That extra oomph! that makes a great place to stay has nothing to do with start ratings. It's that feeling that you are surrounded by people who care and want you to experience the best. Sorry guys this hotel may suit the 2 day Twenty-something on a tight budget but us oldies have moved on!