Let's start with the good: the decor is different, especially in this part of the world; location is good for Chinatown and Clarke's Quay is within walking distance (15-20 mins); MRT station 10 minutes walk; attentive and friendly barman running the very underused hotel bar; L'Occitane shower gels and shampoo, which my wife tells me are high-end bathing products. The bad: Upon arrival, the manager tells us he doesn't have a double room available (even though we showed him the confirmation that we had booked a double). His attitude was virtually couldn't care less. There was no apology. Upon my insisting he says he will see what he can do as the hotel is apparently fully booked. When I checked the following day all he could offer us was a windowless double room. We had booked via an agent (Air Asia package) so perhaps the price wasn't as high as the hotel might charge someone who comes in off the street, but that does not excuse shoving us in cheaper rooms. The compact rooms include an en suite but the air con unit is piped to allow water vapour to flow into the bathroom. This results in a large puddle of water right in the middle of the WC and wash facilities (see photos). It would have been more sensible to pipe into the separate shower area if anywhere, but instead you have to wade through water every time you want to use the loo or wash your hands. When we raised this with the hotel the solution of the housekeeper was to keep a bathmat on the floor at all times. Consequently that bathmat was totally sodden at all times. I hasten to add that the housekeeper was very pleasant and polite and was clearly used to this issue being raised, but the "solution" was far from adequate. Of the twin beds, one of the covers was heavily stained. Though changed immediately upon my raising a complaint, it should not have been left on the bed in the first place. The kitsch decor suggests a sense of fun which is sadly lacking from the staff members, particularly the duty manager. It's rather jarring to see a hotel marketed as a fun and trendy place populated by certain members of staff who are po-faced, sullen and unhelpful. Of course not all the staff are bad, but this was sufficiently bad an experience for me to be able to recommend that the place be avoided. Overall, not the worst place we've stayed, but far from the 'zany fun palace' that other reviewers would have you believe.