I want to provide both the pros and the cons of the resort: Pros: 1. The rooms were lovely and spacious. 2. Well decorated 3. Felt as if you were in an apartment or condo 4. The kitchen was well stocked if you had a desire to cook or have meals without going out. 5. The pool area was nice. 6. A gated property where your parking tag as displayed to enter and exit the facility 7. Breakfast was provided. 8. Excellent proximity to the parks 9. A safe for valuables. 10. Screened in patio that allowed our granddaughter to be outside without the fear of her falling over. Cons: 1. I requested an early check-in. I called upon landing at 10:30 and was told to call again at 2:00. I arrived at the property at 3:00 and waited in a rather small lobby with several other disgruntled families waiting for their room. Was not assigned a room until closer to 4:00. There was only one person checking in a line of people. When he asked the person behind me to go to the next window I informed him I was already told by her that she was "busy." 2. I asked to be in a building near the front of the property since my husband has a health condition and I am always concerned about an ambulance. We were placed in Building 6 near the back of the property. 3. We had a two bedroom unit. The toilet in one of the bathrooms did not work properly, and the other bathroom's toilet had a broken handle. I called, but they were never fixed properly. 4. One evening we came back rather late to find our door "unlocked." Our three year old granddaughter pulled on the handle before we inserted the key and it just opened. 5. I called about the lock but nobody showed up when we asked. The next day we called again and I was told they would send someone "right out." After waiting we left with the hope that our belongings would not be disturbed we left for the park as nobody arrived. 6. The day of check out, we were awakened at 9:20 to make sure we were leaving. At 10:50, another knock on the door asking if we were leaving. I said yes, within 30 minutes. I asked if I had to check out and she said "no, just leave the key cards." While waiting for my daughter to finish, I stripped the sheets from the bed, vacuumed the carpet, swept the kitchen floor, my husband emptied the trash, placed the towels in one area, etc. and took our bags to the van. At 11:20 the phone rang and a woman check-out time is at 11:00. By then, I was livid. I proceeded to tell her I was aware of the time and she was the THIRD person who asked when we were leaving and rattled off the requests that I had and were not fulfilled. I also told her I began cleaning the room while waiting to leave. She told me quit taking it personally. I replied I am not taking it personally but I am insulted that this is the third notice for a twenty minute delay. Two of the notices began prior to the check-out time, I said when I get home; I will post how I was treated on Trip Advisor. Her response was do what you have to do. She was unapologetic the entire time. She also asked how she is supposed to know that I had been contacted twice before, I suggested they improve their communication system.