My family of four, including two teenagers, stayed at World Quest two weeks prior to Christmas. This is our 9th visit to Orlando, but sadly I would not consider the World Quest again unless they resolve some of the problems we found. The resort is very pretty and the basics of the condo's have been built to a high standard, but I can only think they then ran out of money, because simple mistakes spoilt the place. Why place heavy wooden dining furniture on a tiled floor without a rug or felt on the chair legs? From our ground floor condo all we could hear was the furniture being moved in the condo above (and if you were in 202 block 6 on the 17/18 December, why were you still dragging chairs around at 3.00 am??) The beds were so hard I had to buy a foam topper in Walmart. The only mirrors are in the bathrooms, but none in the bedrooms. When we arrived the tap was hanging off the sink and the blind missing in the kitchen, giving anyone in the car park a good view in. Surely the cleaning staff would have noticed this and got them repaired before we arrived. They were fixed promptly once reported, but this should have been unnecessary. There were food stains on the front of the dishwasher and front door and a can of beer left in a dresser, so the cleaning wasn't great. The condo's have the potential to be outstanding because the granite tops, lovely bathrooms and quality curtains and lounge furniture are all there, but are let down by other things. The pool area is beautiful, but the water in the pool was freezing! We were stopped at the entrance by security to show a pass, but If you came in after 11 pm the barrier was up and anyone could drive in! A security coded gate would solve this. The resort is in a good area for Disney etc but there is a lot of road noise at Block 6. The breakfast is as expected in an American hotel and perfectly adequate, but the greed of some of the other guests put us off going there. One woman filled a carrier bag with cinnamon buns while others were bringing baking trays over from their kitchens and filling them up to take back (sometimes still in their pyjamas!!). On this note, it seems people are getting ruder year by year. It used to be the case that, for example, when a Disney show was on, everyone would wait until the end and then applaud the cast. Now, the merest hint that the show is coming to a close seems to be a sign for many people to get up and leave to tear off to the next attraction, blocking the view of those who want to watch all the show and showing no courtesy at all to the cast or other people. The request to "move to the end of the row" in a theatre is ignored by many, who think they should sit in the middle of the row for the "best" view and expect everyone else to clamber over them. This is Disney - ALL the seats have an excellent view!!! Courtesy and consideration cost nothing, but the children of these people are not learning this at all.