If we didn't have to sleep, this would have been the perfect resort. The only major complaint I have is the lack of sleep. We stayed for a week in a three bedroom, with my husband and I in the master. The mattress was horrible! I felt like I was sleeping on springs alone and neither of us slept well at all the entire week. My daughters mattress literally slipped off of the box springs every night and we would have to pull the mattress back up. She is not a crazy sleeper or anything, but every time she would roll to one side or the other, the mattress would literally slide off the box springs. We only used our kitchen for breakfast, however it was well supplied for cooking any meal. Includes utensils, glassware, corkscrew, etc. You have to turn the ice maker on yourself, fyi. Bathrooms were well supplied with towels, etc... Every night when we came in, there would be several pizza delivery flyers. We did try one and it was terrible. Small, bare except for the hairs we found in it. Disgusting! The pool was amazing! I got a little irritated that other guests would come out early, claim several good chairs and then disappear for hours until afternoon but other than that it was great. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived and we were allowed to change in the poolside cabana which was very nice. Poolside bar is a little overpriced.... Three beers and a childs smoothie cost $21. We didn't try happy hour, we ended up buying our own alcohol at the local 7-11 and carried it down to the pool. The hotels little grocery store was outrageously priced. A small Ben and Jerry's pint of ice cream was $7.00. Not joking! After that purchase for our daughter, we did not buy anything else. We went to the local Wal-Mart to buy groceries and it was a madhouse! Worse than "Black Friday"! The cashier said it is like that every day and night due to tourists. I recommend finding a smaller grocery store if you want to purchase groceries, otherwise you will have to buy body armor in attempt to buy the last loaf of bread. Breakfast was mediocre. A few pastries, fruit, a toaster, cereal and juice / coffee. You have to go early if you want any food though. It goes fast. My husband saw a lady take an entire bowl of fruit and dump it in her bag. The place is gorgeous! Picture perfect! I did ask about the mattresses and was told "They are only four years old". We are planning on going back to Orlando but not World Quest. After a 22 hour drive, we really needed a good bed to sleep in and did not get that until we returned home. One more thing.... If you are planning a trip with family, don't expect any vacation romance. The walls are so thin... Makes for a very long week.