I'm still trying to decide if I had my expectations too high, or was being overly critical, but since I rely heavily on tripadvisor when selecting hotels/resorts I wanted to put in my two cents. Let's start off with the positives: * Location is terrific. Made it to all the Disney parks and Universal in about 15 minutes. Five minutes to Super Walmart. Five minutes to a variety of restaurants on US-192. * Every worker I encountered at the resort from front desk, maintenance, housekeeping, etc. could not have been nicer and was always happy to help if you had a problem or needed something. * Having the continental breakfast was convenient, although the same selection of two cereals and breads/pastries every day gets old fast. Would also have really liked to have more food available at lunch (Tiki Bar often closed and had very limited selection). * We were in a 3BR/3BA. Really liked each bedroom having its own bath and own televison. * Nice pool area with comfortable, padded lounge chairs. Now on to the negatives which were the source of my disappointment: * I found this resort to be exceedingly noisy. We were first placed in building 4 which backs to a major highway (I think 417 or Osceola Parkway). It was like trying to sleep next to the Daytona Speedway. Buildings 3 - 7 all back to this, with more space between building 2 and the roadway. When I alerted the front desk, they were happy to move us to Building 1 which overlooks the pool. Little did I know that this meant we'd be subjected to screaming kids and teens from 7AM - 11PM+ (closing time did not seem to be enforced) every night. There was also some noise coming through the walls at all times. It sounded like chairs scraping against a hard surface, but I don't know what it actually was since we were on the top floor. * Beds were super uncomfortable and I would not say that I'm particularly picky about this. Larger mattresses were so hard it seemed like you were sleeping on the ground. King in the master had a serious dip/broken box spring. Twin beds were so bouncy it was like being on a trampoline. Pillows also very hard and uncomfortable. Linens on all beds were of poor quality and had holes and stains. Pool towels also very small and poor quality. * Carpet in bedrooms was very dirty and stained. I definitely did not feel comfortable walking without socks. Housekeeping seemed pretty spotty with numerous cobwebs in unit. * Low water pressure in showers and not enough hot water to use spa tub. * Poor/low lighting throughout. No sheers on the windows so unless you're prepared to just leave the curtains open (and second and third bedrooms directly face public hallway), prepare for it to be dark. * We rented directly through the resort (be sure to sign up for Hot Deals password) and did not realize that no housekeeping was included. There were three choices given at check in. We opted for $4/day for towel exchange. Other options were $15/day for towels, beds made and trash take out, $30/day for regular housekeeping. This wasn't a big problem for us since we're naturally pretty neat and clean, but is something to be aware of. * Numerous maintenance issues. During our stay we encountered a broken dishwasher, clogged toilet (that was clogged at time of check in), clogged sink (also that way at check in), non-working television remote, etc. Staff was helpful on all of these issues, but I don't want to spend my vacation encountering problems and calling to have them resolved. * Limited selection of televison channels. This was a more leisurely trip for us and we weren't spending all of our time in the parks so it would have been nice to have more options. Overall, I'd still say that the value was pretty good at this resort since they have such good deals directly through the resort as well as periodically through other websites (expedia, travelocity, etc.). I think whether you'll like it or not really depends on your expectations and what you're looking for. We stayed last years at Floridays, which I'd say is a direct competitor and they had similar rates available this year. Personally, I'd choose to return to Floridays over WorldQuest due to the issues above. If you've stayed at other Orlando timeshares/condos, I'd rate WQ as a definite step below the Hilton and Marriott properties, but a step above of other budget properties like Cypress Pointe.