However, we had a few problems... They began when contacting the resort with questions regarding the room before making reservations online. My husband called the 877-987-8378 number and spoke to a gentleman. Clearly, English was not his first language. Traveling with two teenage boys it was imperative to ensure that the 2-bedroom accommodation had two bathrooms with 2 showers. The man insisted there is one shower and a Jacuzzi in the other bathroom (but no 2nd shower). Thinking that it was odd that there only one shower (and perhaps the gentleman didn't understand the question), my husband called back in hopes of speaking to another representative. The same representative answered the call. My husband tried again with the fellow by phrasing the question a different way, same result - one shower in the entire 2 bedroom suite. He gave up. I tried calling about 30 minutes later hoping to speak to someone else, anyone else. I called Housekeeping, Accounting, Maintenance, Security, etc. All calls went to voicemail. Frustrated I called back yet again and dialed '0' and spoke with the operator (the only human being I could speak with in the middle of a weekday afternoon!). She assured me that the 2 bedroom suite has 2 showers (the Jacuzzi has a shower in it). The resort itself is in a remote location. It is almost in Lake Buena Vista near the Nickelodeon Hotel. The closest park is Epcot. When we arrived, we felt very put off by Hanna, the very unfriendly front desk clerk. The $11.95 "resort fee" is hardly recognizable on the website and took us by surprise upon check in. Instead of being nice about it, Hanna seemed to have a take it or leave type attitude -- almost hostile. The fee includes the following: - Wired Internet access via your laptop (NO WIRELESS) - USA Today (NO delivery on weekends) - Local calls - Use of fitness center - One fax per day - Daily shuttle to Disney (only to EPCOT twice a day to/from) - Continental breakfast (no protein or fruit) Obviously the 'resort fee' is tacked on so that the rate can be advertised at a lower rate than the competition. I get the marketing strategy but it still pisses people off. Having two teens anxious to get to Universal, we decided to stay. Although the Superior 3-bedroom suite is advertised to be furnished with one king bed, one queen bed, and two double beds, our Superior 3-bedroom suite (we were upgraded) was furnished with one king bed, one DOUBLE bed, and two TWIN beds. The full size kitchen with all dishes and utensils was nice. The washer/dryer also came in handy as we had rain each day of our stay. Because the clubhouse was so far away, we did feel separate and isolated. Although the suite was nicely appointed, the cobwebs and silk/plastic flowers (we were constantly moving them to get them out of the way) made us feel like we were staying at grandma's condo for the weekend. Although the suite didn't smell funny. The internet connection worked intermittently and the blackout curtains did not cover the windows completely. For the seasoned Orlando traveler, this may be an ideal accommodation for the price especially if you have kids. If you are new to the area, you will want a resort whereby the staff is more accommodating and helpful. Will we stay here again? Most likely not. The fact is, Orlando is second only to New York in hotel room availability. Ah, but World Quest Resort has taught me a very valuable lesson...always check for hidden fees.