We just arrived back from our 6 night stay at the Worldquest Resort in Orlando. After reading all of the reviews I was a little nervous but was hoping for the best! I can see why people have problems finding the resort. You must turn at the Nickelodeon hotel. It doesn't look like a place to turn onto a street because it looks more like an entrance to Nickelodeon or something else. If you miss the turn you will end up in Disney and can't turn around for quite a while. We had been to Disney before and were familiar with the area so we never had a problem, but they should have a better sign up. However, you are very close to the disney entrance, within a mile which is great when you are going back and forth. We arrived at the resort at 4pm, and had to wait about 25 minutes to check in. The woman checking everyone in was alone and was also answering phones, she was going crazy jumping back and forth between the phone and people checking in. When I reached the front she was very pleasant, but informed me that housekeeping was behind schedule and didn't have rooms ready yet, even though check in is at 3pm. She found us a 3 bedroom and we went off to find the room. I had specifically asked for a 3 bdrm/3bth and wanted to be close to the clubhouse. However, our room was a 3bdrm/2bth in building 5 not close at all to the clubhouse or pool. You had to drive to get to them. I called the front desk and she told me that when you book the 3 bdrm you aren't guaranteed the 3bth, you only get it if it's available at check in. We really needed it with 2 teenagers and a tween! The woman at the front desk was polite and said she did have one available and would move us to building 2. Much better! The pool was right behind us, we could walk to the clubhouse for breakfast and the fitness center was very close. The fitness center isn't big but was very nice, had great equipment and each piece of equipment had its own tv built in. After settling in, we did notice that the door to our patio would not lock. We called the front desk and they sent someone to fix it. They sent someone immediately which was great since it was already night time. The next day we realized we couldn't get the lamps to turn on in the living room so again we called and someone came to fix them for us. Later that day we had problems with the lamp in the bedroom with the 2 twin beds and someone came right away to fix that. Some type of faulty switch. Although they came quickly and they were minor problems, it was a little frustrating to have to keep calling them to fix things. The room itself was nice. The three bedrooms were spacious & clean as well as the three bathrooms. The beds were very comfortable. The tile floors were cold and somewhat sticky, which we really disliked. The tv remote in the living room didn't work and we couldn't find one for my daughter who was in the third bedroom. The showers had plenty of hot water, but they don't drain well. All three showers in all three of our bathrooms filled up to your ankles or higher as you showered. The kitchen was fully equipped, although our refrigerator door didn't close well and you had to be sure to push it closed and hold it to make sure it stayed closed before walking away. We could have called the front desk about some of these things, but we had already called three other times as mentioned above so we didn't want to bother. Besides we weren't in the room that much. Housekeeping came and made the beds, gave you new towels and loaded the diswasher and took your garbage each day. One day we were there when they came (about 4:00pm), they just come in and clean and do what they need to do with you there. The pool was very nice and my daughter (10) loved it so much. It was a bit chilly this last week so she didn't get to go in much. It says it's heated but it still felt very cold to us! The tiki bar was good and the guy making the drinks was very nice, but his computer kept breaking down and he was working alone, so it took him 15 minutes to get me 2 drinks. The resort has a gated entrance, however, my husband and I noticed that no one was there when we came in at night, any night we were there. Isn't night time when you want someone there? The gate was just left opened when no attendant was present, strange. The continental breakfast was okay, but the area is very small. They had cereal, juice, coffee, bagels, danishes, & muffins. All in all we had a good visit, but we were a little disappointed with all the problems we encountered. They were little problems but when you are on vacation you don't want to have inconveniences like that, there are enough of those at home! When we go back we will probably stay at the Lake Buena Vista Resort Village and Spa. We stayed there 2 years ago and it was much better.