We recently completed a stay at the InterContinental Dallas for a convention+extended weekend visit. There were many features about this hotel that I liked, but in the end, there were several things that first brought it to a four rating, and then finally landing at the three rating that I have decided to bestow upon it. Comparing to its own hotel class (which is typically how we travel), I would rank it average, at best. Compared to all hotels, I might give it a four, but only because 3.5 or 3.75 aren't available options. The PROS: Staff were friendly and helpful each time Housekeeping was good Restaurant food was pretty good (this is the sit-down restaurant) Bed was comfortable; Sheets were 'ok' Good area of town, but at least a 5-10 minute walk to anything not at the hotel The CONS: Towels sucked...they were the tiny little white towels that I would expect at a motel. Further, they were very thin/worn and had multiple and noticable stains on them. Water pressure. I noticed this was mentioned in a recent post. It was "manageable" in the shower, but the toilet stool was kind of a problem. It took multiple flushes and it took a good 5 minutes for the tank to refill for the next flush. Outside entry doors next to the Starbucks. It had blue duct-tape on them covering some key holes. This is not acceptable for a classy hotel...get new doors. They can pay for them with the all of the profits from the Starbucks and gift shop. Cafe that sold Starbucks and gift shop. Way overpriced. I normally don't complain about prices because I know that hotels routinely up the price on everything. But, a small container of TUMS (8 tums in the roll) was $3.99 and a Snickers was $1.59, for example! Cafe that sold Starbucks. Old food. They had yogurt for sale that was 2 weeks over the expiration date. Not acceptable. This made me stay away from the sandwiches because if they are willing to sell two week past the date yogurt, how old are the sandwiches!? Channel selection on the TV sucked...that is unless you like Fox News and CNN or re-runs of old sitcoms. Besides local channels, you got Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, ESPN, TBS, TNT, and The Weather Channel. Also HBO. I'd rather have a broader selection of channels and no HBO. "Free HBO" is about a 20 year old marketing technique that worked, well about 20 years ago. Not such a hot amenity in 2012. (But that is a personal preference.) Air Conditioner wasn't keeping up, and we were there in March! I had the stupid thing on 65 but was sweating in bed on top of the covers. I didn't have a thermometer, but upon returning home, I had the A/C on 72 (and it is accurate) and I had to use a blanket...no sweating either at home....so it had to have been at least 78 or hotter in the room. General Thoughts: This hotel is a business hotel that caters to Conference Attendees. It is adequate for a few nights while at a conference. Further, if you are looking for a nice bed to sleep for a night or two and the other hotels in Dallas are full, I'd certainly stay at the InterContinental for that. Just remember my Pros, because they were absolutely Pros....great staff including housekeeping. Just an older building and a poorly run Coffee Shop.