I stayed at IC Dallas for 4 nights during a business convention in Oct 2011 and a Dallas Cowboys game. The design, appearance and general look and feel of the interior is modern and appealing. It was a nice place to stay. But, as a business traveler, I think the ball is dropped in a few areas. 1) No Free WiFi. I travel a lot with my laptop and rarely have trouble connecting. At IC Dallas, the room connection for internet is not free, and it's a hard wired setup that you have to plug in. Mine didn't work. I spent 15 minutes on the phone with the support line. They told me to ask for a new cable cord. I did, Still didn't work. Finally, they replaced the power supply for the modem and that did the trick. Internet was fast and reliable thereafter for the duration. But that still left just a wired connection, so use of the laptop was restricted sitting at the desk and staying plugged in. That's ok for me, but if you like sitting in a chair or on the bed with your laptop, you'll not be able to do so. No free WiFi in the lobby either, I was told. This isn't important to everyone, but if you're like me, it is. I like to get out of the room sometimes, and get some work done in a less confined space and I appreciate having the option of grabbing a table in a coffee shop downstairs, or in the lobby area. Can't do that at IC. 2) Isolated location. Way up the freeway in Addison. There are a couple of chain restaurants within a 10 minute walk, but otherwise, during my stay in Dallas, I had to drive anywhere I wanted to go when not doing convention stuff in the hotel, and traffic sucked. I would not use this as a "home base" for an extended trip or vacation to Dallas visit but would instead find something downtown with walkable entertainment and dining options so you can leave the vehicle parked if you'd prefer. Those were my main two gripes. I didn't use room service, maid service or any of facilities other than the room, restaurant and convention happenings. The convention workshop rooms were too small. That's the fault of my organization for not planning better for the attendance, but the rooms were not expandable and we had overflow capacity. The lounge is a cool place to hang out with friends and relax. The breakfast buffet was ok, not spectacular, but good enough. If you are a Priority Club member, you'll get some perks. I was given free breakfast every morning, a $20 buffet each day, was was ok for free but I would not have paid $20 to eat there otherwise.