This is a nice hotel staffed by very nice people. It is typical of a hotel geared for the conference business. The upgraded rooms are nice and mine was carefully cleaned every day. The bed is fairly comfortable and there is a good, big working desk. There is wired internet in the room (charge) but you must pay separately for wireless in the common areas and this wireless won't work in the room. Parking is a mess. The only parking dedicated to the hotel is the valet parking which is $12.50 per day for guests and very limited.. The lots surrounding the hotel are public parking and fill during the day with workers from neighboring buildings. If you use their parking garage (also public and frequently filled) it costs $5.00 every time you move your car. You must feed $5.00 bills into a machine to get your car out. It is unattended so don't forget change. Very inconvenient. The room-service prices are absurd as in all hotels now. Their restaurant is expensive (hamburger over $10.00 on the lunch menu) but decent for hotel food. Expect a very expensive dinner there. There are so many good restaurants in the area that this is not a problem. You can walk to any number. The rooms can be cold (which I absolutely love) but the individual heater in my room worked like a champ. One wierd comment. This hotel had the best and fastest elevators I have ever seen. Though the hotel seemed to be full I never waited for an elevator for more than a few seconds and I was on the 12th floor. Do not expect a five star experience here. It is a good utilitarian hotel with excellent conference facilities and a very nice staff. I paid $100.00 per day with a conference which is about average. If you are a business traveler you will find better values with more perks in the area. If you are visiting the neighboring office buildings this might be a good choice. If you are looking for a good place for a conference this might be the one. Their conference staff was as good as I have ever seen. Just make sure your folks can find a place to park. I spent 6 days at the hotel and was comfortable. If not for parking and the food prices I would have rated it above average.