To say i was disappointed (based on the numerous 5 star recs on TA) is an understatement. The hotel is average in nearly every way. One young woman, Tory, was very friendly and helpful. A man on Sunday afternoon was quite helpful about the route to Dealy Plaza. Other front desk staff were fine, but nothing above what one should expect. Most were pleasant, but not of the outstanding level that some reviews implied. True and typical Texan friendliness--which I find nearly everywhere in the state--was not that evident here. Some staff were worse than average. The man at the breakfast buffet Monday morning was just plain rude, when i asked where i could put the used plates (it was a self-service place, after all). I called a "guest service" person to ask where there was an ice machine. She curtly told me to go up to the 25th floor. I get in the elevator--NO 25th floor on the panel. Thinking i might have heard wrong,I got out on 26th floor(where the hall carpet was filthy, as if a vacuum cleaner had unloaded excess dirt and dust in a pile) No ice. I returned, empty ice buck in hand, to my room on 21st fl. Call guest service lady again. She replied, impatiently,that i have to go to the one elevator (of 4 or so) that goes to 25th floor, and look on the side of the elevator door to call the one for the 25th floor. That would have been nice to know in the first place. We checked in on a Saturday. Sunday morning, friend had run 13 miles in the weekend's half-marathon (the source of many hotel guests) . He returned, achey and exhausted, at 1:30 pm, just wanting to nap. Room not refreshed or made up, so i called guest service and ask if room can be made up, so friend can nap without being awoken by housekeeper. Two more calls later, after two more hours...finally housekeeper shows up, at 4:30 pm! When i asked guest services guy why it was so late , he said, "We had a lot of people checking out." OK--but what about people who were paying for an additional night--don't we get to have clean rooms by afternoon ? Scary elevators mentioned elsewhere on TA--yes, quite unpredictable Each elevator has a metal plaque warning of this--forewarned is forearmed-- in a cute humourous way. However, the signs were scratched up, lending an air not of historic charm, but just plain old. That was my sense of the entire hotel. Historic charm was less in evidence than drab and dull. Hallway and room were dark--could barely read or see even with all desktop lamps turned on. (There are no ceiling lights.) Only the shower had a bright light (in a glass wall recess) . Colors of room--yellow and brown. A room can be basic, but at least "inviting" enough to enjoy just kicking back and wtaching TV,etc. This room was so drab and dreary, i didnt want to spend any extra time in it. There was one bathrobe in a two- bed room. (They must figure the second person can do without one) No folding luggage rack--so had to open suitcase on one of few surfaces--the desk--making it unusable for other purposes. On the plus side, beds were comfortable, and breakfast itself was very good, with scrambled egg and cheese dish, plus oatmeal, and bagels, etc. And people at the evening liquor reception were having a blast!! The lounge on the second floor was lovely. Perhaps "free" liquor explains the positive memories and high ratings. Also, do not use the valet parking. There are public lots within a block or two--much cheaper. Across the street, the one for "Nieman-Marcus " was officially about $10/24 hours--and both Sunday and early Monday morning, had free exiting. Upon return home, i rec'd a survey email from Magnolia askeing that i give them top scores so they can be #1 on Tripadvisor!!! Maybe that explains a number of once-only, one sentence, reviews here. At least in my experience, the glowing reviews are not deserved, unless the free alcohol is a big draw for a prospective guest.