My daughter and I stayed at the Wyndham Dallas  Love Field for an extended weekend. We booked the hotel through Priceline, which caused us some problems (described below). We also booked in August, not realizing that the weekend we were booking for was the same weekend as the Texas-OU college football game that draws massive numbers of visitors to Dallas. I believe this property was recently converted from a Holiday Inn. If you look up the address on Google Street View, you will see the Holiday Inn sign rather than the Wyndham sign. We booked through Priceline and paid $283.36 for three nights, including taxes and cancellation insurance of $5 per night. The effective nightly rate including taxes but excluding the insurance was just under $90. On booking, I requested a room with two beds (since I was travelling alone with my teenage daughter). On the morning of our trip, I called the hotel, which indicated it could not accommodate our request for two beds. At the airport, before departing, I called Priceline and asked them whether they could solve the problem. But they were unwilling to provide any assistance and simply reminded me that they make no guarantees about the type of room. The obvious conclusion from this is that if the type of room is important to you (e.g., a father travelling with a teenage daughter looking for two beds), you should not book through Priceline. As this was my first experience booking a room through Priceline, I was left with an extremely bad taste in my mouth. But none of this was the hotels fault and when we arrived, they offered (and we accepted) to have a rollaway cot brought to our room. The cot was more than adequate and the room type ceased to be any cause for concern. There are some good things about the Wyndham Dallas  Love Field. It is conveniently located adjacent to Dallas Love Field airport, which is the airport used by Southwest Airlines. We flew into DFW, so proximity to Love Field wasnt any benefit. But if you were flying into Love Field, it would be very convenient. The hotel is also relatively close to everything in Dallas that we wanted to see. Id guess it was about a 10-15 minute drive to get to the edge of downtown. The hotel provided ample free parking and also had free wireless internet connection. I usually 8itch about having to pay for an internet connection, so I like to acknowledge properties that dont nickel and dime you for these things. The room itself was fairly standard and perhaps slightly above average in terms of spaciousness. The bathrooms had probably been redone recently because the shower was a 6 X 3 wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling glass-walled enclosure with tile walls. The room had a medium-size LCD TV, which we never watched, a bar-sized fridge and a safe. The hotel staff were always friendly and we never felt hassled by housekeeping staff, even though we never left our room much before noon. On the first night there, we managed to order room service around 11:30 pm, even though their posted room-service hours ended at 11:00 pm. There was some noise from the airport during the day, but I never noticed it at night (or in the early morning) and suspect that they dont permit flights in or out of Love Field at night. On the negative side, I thought the room had a very strong smell to it. My daughter didnt think so, but I thought it bordered on overpowering until you got used to it. Im not sure what it was  maybe a chemical cleaner smell. The hotel is also in a slightly industrial looking stretch, across the street from the airport, next to an Enterprise (Rent a Car) and with a few other industrial-type properties nearby. On the first morning we went out to our rental car to find that the window had been smashed and the portable GPS stolen from the car. I reported it to the hotel, which had me fill out an incident report. They were relatively pleasant about it, but didnt make any notable effort to do anything to assist me or offset the damage and loss. I appreciate that they are not responsible for loss or damage. But they certainly didnt do anything to make me feel better about having a car broken into and personal items stolen while on their property. I reported the theft and damage to the police, which sent officers to attend and take a statement. It took about an hour from the time we discovered the damage until we were on our way and another hour to return the car to DFW and pick up a replacement. The incident didnt cause us too much grief. There will be some crime in every large city and youre bound to experience it eventually. It didnt cause any major inconveniences for us and, in some ways, was just part of the adventure. The hotel has a sports-bar type restaurant, which would normally be fine for me. However, we didnt discover that until the second night, when we wanted to have a fancy dinner, so we had to look elsewhere for a nice place to eat. The Wyndham Dallas  Love Field is an acceptable property. If I was flying in and out of Love Field, Id probably stay there without spending much time looking around. However, if I was planning another visit to Dallas, I would likely look around for a more upscale place to stay. Also, given the break-in and theft from our car, my recommendation for this hotel would be particularly qualified.