We chose this hotel because of the location and the rave reviews. Location to where we needed to be was awesome, the valet and staff service very good. The problem started after we checked in to our room, then went down to find a restaurant for dinner. There are many dining choices right outside the back entrance, which opens onto LA Live. What we were not aware of is that the hotel was being used to film a 'flash mob' scene for a tv show. The lobby was full of people, including some that seemed to have come in from the street just to hang out. My husband was wearing a hat from the local university, where the first football game was being played that weekend. It caught the attention of someone who started going on, very loudly and with a lot of profanity, about how the team better win because he had a lot of money bet on the game. Sat down next to us and made us a little nervous....to the point of others moving away. Getting through the lobby was a little tough, with the flash mob participants everywhere, practicing. No eating at the hotel, or having a drink at the bar; it had been rented out for the television show. Found a great restaurant in the LA Live area, then tried to get back to our room. Security wouldn't allow us back in the door, as the show was being filmed. We weren't allowed to stand and watch, as they had to keep people moving for 'fire safety reasons'. So we walked back and forth for 40 minutes, entertained for a while because of the flash mob dancers, but were tired and just wanted to go back to our room. My husband told the security officer that we just wanted to get back into the hotel, and was told, very rudely, that we weren't allowed to go back in the way we came out, that we would have to walk around the building and go in through the front entrance. Finally, the filming is wrapping up and we are allowed to go back into the hotel. Went to the front desk to complain - apparantly we weren't the first, as the manager said that she was going to talk to the people in charge of the show, as it was not supposed to take over the hotel and impact the guests as much as it had. Offered to buy us a drink, or breakfast, which we could not take advantage of because of our early schedule the next morning. The next evening, we were told from a waitress that the hotel is rented out quite often for filming crews and different events. Overall, the hotel and room are nice, the location great, but we were very unhappy that no one told us a show would be taking over the hotel that day and night. JW Marriott's first responsibility is to the guests they book into the hotel, not the television shows or other events they 'sublet' the hotel to without informing the guests beforehand. I don't think we will be staying here again.