I've stayed here twice now in the past two weeks, excited by a new hotel and a great corporate rate, but I think I'll stay at other downtown hotels instead. Check in was good. I was appropriately recognized as a Platinum Premier elite member of Marriott Rewards (maybe just as a Platinum on the first visit; I don't recall, and it really doesn't matter). The first stay I was directed to the various features of the hotel. On the second stay I was upgraded to the Vice Presidential Suite on the 15th floor. The room decor is nice (the standard room better than the suite). One thing I dislike about most hotel suites is that the bedroom is often much smaller than in a normal room. While the bedroom in this room was larger than in most suites, it was nevertheless smaller. TV actually has some channels in HD, but I was disappointed there was no My13 (I like to fall asleep watching Seinfeld at 10pm when I'm in LA). There is a media port on the side of the desk; although I did not use this, it would come in handy to stream video or watch DVDs from your laptop (assuming you bring appropriate cables). The air conditioning was inadequate in both rooms. While I love the nice thick duvet, I could not get the rooms cool enough to sleep comfortably. Also, I think the beds are a bit firmer than the Marriott beds in other properties, but perhaps they're just newer. The shower at first seemed nice, but the water pressure is woefully inadequate. I think I still have soap in my belly button. I'm sure the hotel would blame the A/C and shower issues on being "green" - I hope business that take "green" to this extent win enough additional business to offset my loss of business. The check-in agent on my first visit did point out that I had free internet access as a Platinum Elite member (per Marriott's new policy in response to Starwood's new benefit), but I did not use the service on either of my stays. Although the Concierge Lounge was great the first stay, it was closed the second stay; they said it was closed for renovation, but that's perplexing since this is a new hotel. The morning Concierge Lounge attendant was absolutely wonderful. In the Concierge Lounge Hot items varied each day and the fruit selection was quite nice. Having San Pellegrino in the lounge is also a plus in my books. A couple of hot appetizers, hard Italian cheeses, and deserts are offered in the lounge in the evenings. On the second stay, I was offered a free breakfast buffet each day as a Platinum Marriott Rewards member. Service was more leisure than accommodating; it would have been better had daily coupons been offered that could have just been left at the table instead of having each person wait on the check. Also, no Concierge Lounge on the second stay meant no extra water or soft beverages than what came in the room. I really like the gym, but depending on what else is going on at the hotel, it can be VERY crowded in the mornings. The machines are all new and modern, and they include HD TVs (although the HD signal is poor on many of the machines and often pixelate so much that the local channels are unwatchable). Like the rooms, the gym is also very warm. Too bad the machines don't have the little built-in fans like at the Marriott Downtown. One thing I really hate about this hotel is that they do not put hotel receipts under the door. You have to go down and get the receipts from the front desk - a complete waste of time for the business traveler. Too bad Marriott doesn't post receipts online like Hilton. And while I also get receipts emailed to me, I find this to sometimes be unreliable (and one college doesn't ever get them even though he is signed up for this service). I did not use room service, but other colleagues found the service extremely slow and inaccurate. However, if you complain about issues, the hotel does seem to throw free stuff your way (free beer and bottled water with room service, bonus Marriott Rewards points for other problems). There just seems to be a lot of employees standing around at this hotel but no one really doing anything. We experienced this at the hotel restaurant for breakfast needing drinks and bills without our waitress in sight, but plenty of others were standing around doing nothing. Same for the valet pickup. And speaking of valet parking, you have to go down to the bowels of the garage to get your car and snake out of the maze that is the LA Live garage. The location and the logistics are really a hassle. I may stay here occasionally, but it's just too much of a hassle to stay here regularly. And, I will definitely make sure the Concierge Lounge is open before returning again.