We are just back from a family holiday in The Point Orlando Resort. My husband, 13 years old son and myself stayed in a one bedroom apartment which was very spacious, however bit of an inconvenience having to pull out the sofa bed every evening. The beds and pillows were so comfortable and fresh towels provided daily, however if you want your bed changed or bathroom cleaned, it is at an extra cost My 20 years old son and his girlfriend were in a studio apartment which was also very nice, however don't expect the same standard as the one bedroom, they asked for a toaster several times over the two week stay and although advised they would get one, never did. There is very little for teenagers to do at the hotel other than the swimming pool, no pool tables or games room, although there is an internet room but you have to pay 25 cents a minute for the pleasure. I was really surprised with previous comments stating that the breakfast was good. We only had breakfast once and this was only because we were given tokens by the hotel. The breakfast was awful, consisted of chewy scrambled egg and fatty streaky bacon, cereal, toast or bagel, definitely not worth $8.95 a day, also there are only 5 tables in the breakfast area that is in the reception area, not ideal. We were only thankful that we did not include breakfast within our package. The reason the hotel gave us breakfast tokens was because we were over-charged by the Hotel Taxi Company, One Way, who do not have meters and charged $35 for a journey to the Florida Mall, however on the way back we jumped in a yellow taxi, with a meter, they charged $13. I was shocked at the response from the hotel staff who stated that they are aware that the taxi company they use charge per person and not just for the miles travelled and continue to call this company anytime you need a taxi. Don't not use the hotel taxis absolute rip-off! There is no restaurant as such, there is a pool bar where us can purchased snacks, burgers, chicken sandwich, fries etc. There was also a bit of sting in the tail on checking out, we were charged $78 per room for services i.e., provision of pool towels and free coffee in your room?? WARNING: What ever you do, do not go anywhere near I-Electronics, 6550 International Drive. We were sold a video camera, $425, apparently Hitachi with all mod cons, however on getting it back to the hotel and trying out the camera we discovered it did none of the things described by the con-man who sold us it. We took it back to the shop and he refused to give us a refund, stay well clear.