I live in Tampa and have stayed in Orlando more than a 100 times at various Disney properties, timeshares and hotels. I was glad to find a "new" property (both in terms of age and my experience with it) that offered a full kitchen, living room and king size bed for my family of four on a quick Disney (3 day) trip. I was looking for a good standby when Disney resorts are packed/ too expensive or when my timeshare gets old (they still call me to buy even though I own). I felt a little misled as the term "resort" isn't appropriate for this property. It's a hotel, a nice hotel with a full kitchen in room, but a hotel. Check in was fast and easy, with no line. I paid a government rate at 103 per night. The hotel charges a mandatory "resort fee" of $10 per night. This covers your internet usage in room and the pool. I was really disappointed by this fee. I never used the internet and the pool should be included with the room rate. The hotel's "restaurant" was really just a small bar with 3 tables. We didn't eat the breakfast buffet at $10 per adult as we brought groceries and had a hot breakfast in room. They did provide "buy one adult buffet get one" coupons upon our request though. The first room we were given had the intense odor of cigarettes as soon as we opened the door. The desk staff quickly got me into a different room that was great. It looked like it was less than 6 months old. I was disappointed that the tv in the bedroom wasn't HD but then again no HD receiver was in the room so it wasn't 720/1080 anyway. There wasn't a DVD player either. The channels went from 2-77 but all the kids channels and TLC, Discover were there so it worked. The pool and hot tub were nice and there was no crowd even on a Saturday which at most resorts (Disney, Westgate, etc.) is never the case. All children had parental accompaniment. There wasn't a pool bar, but I don't drink so I liked that. There were a group of late 20, 30 something's who appeared to be drinking but they were reserved. I saw a small weight room but never took advantage of it as I was only there for 2 nights. I really disliked the fact that the property is unsecured/ungated. The door is open 24/7 with the desk staff the only prevention from a bad guy coming in. I got several "pizza flyers" under my door daily. I did appreciate a OPD officer running radar outside on both nights. It was an off duty gig paid for by the city though. As a law enforcement officer myself I asked him about the crime rate and he indicated it was a good area. So overall, I gave it a 3.5/5 because of the smoked in room, no security/gate and lack of the amenities I'm used to at a resort (on site movie rental, real restaurant, game room/activities for the kids). For the price I think I'll continue searching for a Disney, timeshare standby. In addition, this hotel is near Universal and pirates dinner theater, but really too far from Disney (traffic is crazy on I4). I would use this resort again for business travel but not for family vacation unless I could get it for around $70/ night with no resort fee and free breakfast.