We stayed a few days at the Pa'ia Inn in May. Upon arrival, we received a free upgrade to the junior suite (in the main house streetside) which was a bit bigger than the original room due to the extra little living room, but it is a very cramped space in general, especially the bathroom area (clean and modern, thoughreally loved the locally-made toiletries that are also sold downstairs in inn shop). A couple beefs: Even though the hotel claims to be green, the radio was constantly playing in the empty upper lobby. Breakfast was supposed to be ready on the back patio by 7 (they should correct the in-room bulletins that say as of 6:30am), so we waited around for breakfast to be delivered from nearby Anthonys Caf across the street. Unfortunately we had an agenda for the day, so when it hadnt arrived at 7:30, we left to just get breakfast on the way somewhere. The same thing happened the next day, so we were very disappointed with the breakfast set up. The worst part of our stay was the noise from the street. The Inn is next to a Chevron gas station, not to mention located on the main street of the town, and they love diesel trucks there. Loud vehicles were roaring through every few minutes, night and day. Plus, some adjacent business, I think the gelato shop below the inn, was obnoxiously blasting loud music throughout the entire day. Even with the windows, blinds, and curtains closed, the noise was unbearable, and we got little sleep the 3 nights we were there. Although we had booked for a whole week, we needed to go somewhere more tranquil. WARNING: the garbage truck comes at 4am in the morning! Unbelievably, this little inn in a bohemian beach town was louder than our big city apartment back home, so we headed to one of the more cookie-cutter resorts near Lahaina, which we were much happier with6th floor, ocean view, huge peaceful studio, and 40 bucks cheaper per night. Best part of the Paa Inn: the hospitable, always cheerful, helpful staff, who did try their best to make us comfortable and happy, but in the end, we just required a different type of hotel for maximum relaxation. They did have a gorgeous beach behind the inn and plenty of equipment to be loaned for water activities and recreation. The parking situation is limitedonly 4 or 5 spaces available for 6 or so guests, so there is some valet tag to play if the spots are all occupied. You leave your key with the staff, and they move the cars around. However unlikely it is, I think itd be worth tearing down the gas station to provide a small parking lot. In the end, the price did not match the value: for $240 a night, one must be able to count on a good night's sleep, at least!