After reading the other reviews about this apartment I was a little worried. However, I am staying here for 6 weeks and 4 weeks in I think I can give a balanced view of the hotel apartments and address some of the concerns about the rooms. First, yes agreed you can get better but for the price you pay you will only get similar if not worse. True the rooms are darker than some but not overly dark  we are not talking black walls here. I dont have a problem with the natural light levels in the room. They are tolerable. Facilities are plastic, again true however who really cares about having a plastic kettle. It is not the end of the world. Since being here I have had not one issue with the internet and I have been using it every evening. I have not been downloading films etc just general browsing and email. One small point on the noise  yes there is other building work going on but this is Dubai it is the building capital of the world. If you want to be in a noise free area then unfortunately you are going to need to pay more per night than this place. Again it is not overly noisy and only starts at about 7-8am. Right the good and the bad and the average Good  Staff. The staff is excellent, on my arrival they went to the petrol station and got me a coke and some milk (as it was late). They have responded to my every whim  taxi ordering, replacement items in the room etc. The maid has even been cleaning my plates etc. The location is great right on the main highway through Dubai  the marina 10mins, beach 10min the madinat 10mins (all in taxi of course) and all the other major shopping centres are near by. The apartments  they really are ok  yes not five star but you are not paying five star prices. I spent 3 months looking at apartments for a six week stay and this one was the best value with all factors taken. I looked at some other apartment hotels and they were over 50 a night more expensive. UK plugs in every room other than the kitchen  winner Average  breakfast  you get some pastries, coffee cereal the normal basics. They also do takeaway and you can negotiate breakfast in the price. Lifts  quite slow Dcor  Its a bit basic  no carpet anywhere in the rooms all tiled. Reasonable selection of TV channels including movies and sports. BAD  I really dont think, for the price I paid and in comparison to other stays I have had in Dubai anything that is really bad with the place. Of course if you are on your Honeymoon, with 4 kids or want total luxury this is not the place for you.