I'm afraid I found the Joule to be overrated. It seemed gimmicky rather than classy. I usually stay in the SMU area, but this time my business was in downtown Dallas, so I chose between the Joule and the nearby Adolphus. Some reviews said the rooms at the Adolphus need renovation, so I chose the Joule. Unfortunately, the Joule seems to be one of those hotels that strive to be trendy rather than aiming for something more important. Very low light in the elevators, whose walls are decorated with jazzed-up prints of what at first glance appear to be photographs of bats or extraterrestrials but upon closer examination turn out to be deer. There is not much light in the guest rooms either; even after I had figured out the modernistic multi-setting light buttons I couldn't get them bright enough to see very well. I'm pretty sure this is intentional. And one of the signs leading to the pool says "Poule". As in many hotels that are funky and proud of it, there was not enough attention to the fundamentals of customer care. I had asked for a quiet room on a high floor, and although I did get a high floor my room was directly across from the elevator and my window overlooked the construction site where the hotel is apparently building a new wing. Construction starts at 7 a.m. This wasn't a problem for me because I had early meetings both days, but most luxury hotels would hold off until a bit later in the morning. And my wake-up call the first morning came 30 minutes late. (When I asked what had happened, the young lady apologized.) There's an exercise room with good equipment but not enough of it. At 5 p.m. there were a couple of guests waiting for others to finish on the three treadmills. And there is a partial set of Nautilus-style weight machines, somewhat fewer than in most high-end hotels and omitting several basic exercises. It wasn't all bad. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and most of the staff -- particularly the housekeeping staff -- were courteous and efficient. I liked the Bulgari shampoo and the chocolates on my pillow. So if self-consciously high-tech hotels are your style, you'll probably like the Joule. But I wish I'd tried the Adolphus.