I stayed here recently. I am a Hyatt Diamond but only a SPG Gold member. I knew I wasn't going to get the same benefits at this hotel as the benefits I get when visiting Hyatt, but I was still a little disappointed with this hotel. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great. Check-in was fine. I was told I was "upgraded" to a Deluxe King room. I'm not sure how this was an upgrade since the only category of room lower is the Demi-Joule room, and I also originally booked a Deluxe King, but I didn't press it. I found the room to have a nice design, although having the desk in an alcove instead of in the same room as the TV was not ideal. Also, I am not a fan of pillow top mattresses. I find them too soft and that was the case here. But that's not a criticism of this hotel, since I find that at many hotels. I did like the iPod docking station and I liked the Remede toiletries. The shower was nice too. And while the sink looked nice, it is entirely impractical since the bowl shape of it made water splash all over the counter and your clothes if you weren't careful about turning on the water not too high. I like hotels with shuttle services around town and the shuttle service here is in an Escalade. However, I found that the front desk had a severe inability to give an accurate timeline as to when it was available. This culminated in me waiting 40 min for the shuttle to come pick me up when I was told 10-15 min. I could have taken a cab, but I was in an area where I would have had to call for one, and I thought that would take too long. In retrospect, maybe that's what I should have done. I also found the service to be a little amateurish. I know they were a little short-staffed due to the holiday, but the hotel was also less than 50% full (from what I was told.) The shuttle service was my biggest issue. But I also frequently had to call services multiple times because no one picked up the phone the first time. The restaurant also closed 1/2 an hour early one night, which made me upset (probably because it was the same night I had to wait 40 min for the house car to pick me up.) I voiced my complaints and was given free breakfast, which was nice. At any rate, I probably won't be back here. Service issues aside, I didn't like the rooms, because I found them a bit cramped. I come to Dallas often for work, and will pick somewhere else next time.