Copley is the most touristy spot of Boston. With that said, of the myriad of hotels around the Copley area, the choices are abundant. The location of the Boston Marriott Copley Place has been it's prime reason for being filled with guests day 365 days of the year. It's connected to the Prudential building at Copley Place and the the Westin Plaza. It's right smack on Copley where it's a short stroll to most of the best places to see in Boston. The T is right at it's front and back. And even on a day when the weather is at it's worst, you can always run home to the Boston Marriott at Copley because it's so accessible to wherever you're coming from. So that's the good side. Now the down side. If there's a pet peeve I have, it's carpeting in a room that doesn't offer complimentary slippers. It's unhygienic to have a room covered in dark-colored wall to wall carpeting and there are no complimentary slippers. You can't see all that murk, mug and dirt covering the floor. While I understand they vacuum the carpets each day, it's still not good to have the floor covered with carpets unless you're offering slippers. There are no added bathroom amenities. With all the other hotels offering better amenities, it's sad that the Marriott has simply Body and Bath lotion, shampoo, conditioner and soap. This is also the first time that I've stayed in a hotel that has an envelope in the room for maid service. While it may not be mandatory, it's such a turn off that even the maids require a tip nowadays. Leaving an envelope in the room for tips for a job that is part of the job description is bad taste. The concierge is cold. Very very cold. They're not the kind of people you would want to ask for help or directions or anything at all. To say they are "impersonal" is being kind. The hotel should be more family and tourist friendly. But you won't get much help from them. Internet connection is $12.95 a day and they offer no packages for 3 or 5 or 7 days usages. Unless I was living inside the hotel room, this is a complete rip-off! Many hotels all over the world offer internet service for FREE nowadays. The hotel is expensive enough as it is and charging for added internet connection for a few hours at this rate is outrageous. Finally, Marriott should strip down the pictures it posts about hotel rooms. Don't get deceived. This is NOT what the rooms look like. They are old, weary and are (I believe) being renovated still. The elevators are enough proof as to the age and state of the hotel. It's too bad that a hotel in this location with this name, sadly has not lived up to expectations.