I stayed there for a recent conference in Boston. The wife and I stayed there for 5 nights. I have no real complaints about the hotel, save for a couple of quibbles. Check in was fast on a Sunday. The bell hop was very friendly and offered us a complimentary refrigerator for our room. The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. There were only 2 bath towels, which I thought was a bit surprising, but the maid gave us more whenever we asked. The shower drain was a tiny bit slow. It wasn't slow enough that you were standing in a pool of water during your shower, but it did slowly accumulate. The TV remote was worn and the buttons didn't always work. There was also no tv guide on their menu to figure out what was playing. You had to just flip through the channels. That was a bit annoying, but I wasn't there to watch TV. The room wasn't spacious, but it wasn't cramped either. Check out for us was on Friday at 10:00. We asked for a late checkout, but they only granted us until 10:30. In my previous experiences at other hotels, I have always been given noon as a late checkout. The hotel is connected to a large mall, which is nice. And you could actually walk from the hotel through the mall to the John B Hynes convention center (where my conference was) without going outside. That was very convenient. And the wife and I could also walk through the mall at night to save walking distance on the way to whichever restaurant we were going to. The rates were a bit pricey, but so were the rates of all comparable hotels in the area. It was cheaper than the nearby Sheraton, by about $50/night. Non valet parking was $35/day, valet parking was $42/day. The parking at the Sheraton was a bit more expensive. Oh, and there's no business center with free internet access. You can, of course, bring your own laptop and pay a daily fee. Amusing sidenote - When I asked the concierge to recommend a restaurant for lunch one day, he tried to direct me to the hotel restaurant. Thanks, but no thanks. (Maybe he gets a commission.) Pros - location, connected to mall, comfortable bed Cons - didn't grant a noon checkout time, nothing exceptional