We were attending an event at this hotel, so it seemed like the most convenient location. And the location is VERY good for downtown Boston -- at least if you don't have to park a car at nosebleed prices. A free airport shuttle bus, then two stops on the "T" subway train and you can get from terminal to hotel in less than 30 minutes for $1.70 with a "Charlie" card. But that's probably the only good deal about this hotel. By any objective standard, you pay a lot for, well, not very much. Hotel prices in Boston are just very expensive, so don't expect good value. The worst feature about the hotel is its atrium design, as noise can be a big problem. If you're sensitive to noise, beg for a room off the atrium. With a lower floor room on the atrium, some idiot (or a party) WILL wake you up in the middle of the night. Not so great if you're paying $300/night to stay here. In addition to easy airport access, you are right on the waterfront, next to the (expensive) aquarium, and very convenient and highly walkable to Boston's historic sights. Prices for everything in the area are expensive, except for the Haymarket fruit market, which sets up a couple blocks from the hotel on Fridays and Saturdays. A must see for local color and very cheap fruit/veggies. And even if the market is not running, I'd recommend the pizza shop on that street. $1.25 a slice, instead of the $4 you'll pay in Quincy Market, for very good pizza. As noted, the hotel is currently undergoing renovations, and the main restaurant was closed during our stay (they fed us breakfast in a ballroom). Food and beverage in the hotel are fine, but not exceptional. Better if you're paying with somebody else's money. Architecture and public spaces are a bit outdated and not stylish. Rooms were small for the price paid, but reasonably comfortable (small bathrooms without real doors a bit annoying). The staff -- like most folks in Boston -- were friendly. Bottomline is that this is an expensive, mediocre hotel. I'd recommend looking for something better for the price.