My wife and I were just in Boston for one night only and chose to stay at the Marriott Long Wharf. I had stayed there as a kid over 20 years ago and had fond memories. The hotel is looking a little tired and the architecture inside and out looks dated, but it is clean, priced well and perfectly located for our needs. Oddly enough, this hotel must be one of the few hotels in the world that is directly on the water but has no water views from the rooms... STUPID! Valet parking was $44 for the night which seems like a rip off even to a New Yorker. You can find cheaper parking nearby but not much cheaper. The staff was super friendly and professional, constantly hugging and welcoming back regular guests by name. I am sure you could find quieter hotels as well as this is cheaper, close to TD Garden and appeared to be having some kind of young person function like maybe a gymnastics event or something as there were many young high school or college aged women arounds. Within steps of the hotel are many entertainment options from my favorite, the Boston Aquarium to the duck boats, Quincy Market, TD Banknorth Garden and within a short cab ride of Beacon Hill, Newbury Street, the Boston Common and the museums. Boston is a relatively compact city that is fairly easy to get around. Cabs are harder to find than in my hometown of NYC so I recommend standing in front of a hotel to get one. The room we were in, room 662, was a corner room, fairly quiet and had an angled view of just a touch of the harbor. The layout is strange and the double doors on the bathroom awkward for privacy, but overall clean and comfortable. The bathroom was more than acceptable and the bed quite comfortable. The flat, wall mounted TV was of good quality. There was a nice iPod doc and the bedside lamps were even kind of nice with the option to dime them. We opted for the breakfast deal, included in the price of the room, and it was worth the money. Waffle and omlet bar, fresh fruit and juices, cereals and muffins, bacon and sausage, coffee and tea, etc. The restaurant itself looked recently renovated and was actually nicely decorated with a tasteful nautical theme. If money is not tight, you have many better, pricier hotels to choose from. If value is important, the Marriott Long Wharf is hard to beat.