I booked this hotel through Expedia 3 months in advance and pre-paid. We chose the Towers level in order to take advantage of the continental breakfast offerings and evening hor d'oeuvres and FREE wifi. Plus, on the 15th floor, we knew we should have a decent view. Check in was easy and uncomplicated. When we got to the room, evening hor d'oeuvres were being offered, but as we arrived late, the selection was severely limited to just a few pieces remaining. In my experience, the food is replenished frequently to allow all guests this service. They told us they would do the breakfast in the club lounge on the weekends and gave us passes to use in the restaurant, Pairings, on the ground level. That was acceptable. But, then we found out they didn't offer hor d'oeuvres on Saturdays and Sundays, and our stay was Friday evening through Monday morning! They didn't mention this on the website!! Our trip also fell over Labor Day, we were only given breakfast passes for Sat/Sun and Monday morning when we went to the lounge for breakfast it was CLOSED! REALLY?! So, we paid extra for the concierge level and only got 3 cookies and two breakfasts over a period when we expecting this service a total of 6 times!! THEN, when we arrived on Friday, I went to log onto the internet and it made me pay $10.45 per 24 hour period. The hotel service book in the room, stated that wifi in the Towers level was COMPLIMENTARY! I called guest services and their answer was, "well, internet used to be complimentary, but it isn't anymore." What the heck?! So, basically, we paid a ton of extra money for a room with a view of south Boston, nothing special and barely any other extras. If you are staying over a weekend, I WOULD NOT stay in the Towers, it's a huge waste of money! Also, the walls are pretty thin in this historic hotel. Our last night, we got to hear our next door hotel guests partaking in nocturnal activities. After quite a few minutes, I banged on the wall, and fortunately the noises subsided. On the positive side, the hotel is beautiful and the room had a comfy bed. Bathroom was small, with little counter space. I would stay here again, but only for a regular level room and for a really good price. There was also very convenient subway access practically right out the front door. Also, within walking distance of the Freedom Trail starting point at Boston Common.