Let me preface this review by saying that I have submitted reviews for hotels on here for several different cities among varied hotel classes. This is the first hotel that I will not recommend. I try to keep in mind the star level and amentities expected at each level when reviewing. Given the quality of the hotel and that Priceline called this a 3.5 out of 4 star hotel, I cannot recommend it. I would have been furious had we paid the full asking price for a night at this hotel. Thankfully, we did stay here for $160 a night, which is good considering the location. Negatives - This hotel uses it's history to highlight their style of decor and room size, but in my opinion, this place is not showing it's age well. It is simply out-dated and not up to the standards that it should be considering what their full price cost is per night. We arrived to our room, which was very small, and we quickly noticed that the bathroom was the worst part. The tile grout was moldy and dirty. The bathroom door could not be shut without trying four times to hook the latch fully. The toilet was dirty (not from lacking cleaning but with stains that were clearly from age) and it was commercial style - the flushing lever was like one that you'd see in a movie theater. Not acceptable for "fine" hotel decor. The sink had a very awkward ledge right where the water came out, leaving you hardly able to put your hands under the water. The televsion was an old tube TV, and again, as I mentioned previously, for what this hotel charges, there is no excuse for not having flat screen TVs in all of their rooms. Additionally, we could hear the people in the room next to us having casual conversation. Not yelling or speaking loudly over the TV, just simply talking. The walls are paper thin. There is also no free high speed internet. Again, related to the old tube TVs, this is 2011 - unacceptable for such a "high class" place. Positives - Our king size bed was comfortable, as was the bedding. There is an Au Bon Pain almost right next door to the hotel and this was convenient for us in the morning to eat breakfast. The hotel is very centrally located to anything in Boston and is also convenient to the T. The staff was pleasant and all were very friendly to us. These were all helpful. Given our overall experience, I would not use Priceline again in this area of Boston and risk being given this hotel. To me, it would be worth the extra money to stay in a name brand hotel which likely would offer free high speed internet, newer decor and furniture, and possibly even a continenal breakfast of some sort.