As the title of my review states, old doesn't always mean quaint or charming. That's certainly the case with The Boston Park Plaza Hotel. While this hotel has a great location and is just a block away from many good restaurants, its owners have not kept the old hotel current and it really shows its age. My room was a standard double with two twin beds, a desk, old style picture tube tv and very small bathroom. The beds were comfortable with nice linens and slept well. The desk had wired high speed internet and the TV had a decent selection of stations but was small and old. The room itself was clean but felt old and I noticed paint pealing off the ceiling in several places. The bathroom is where the room really felt outdated. It was very tight. The sky blue tile was probably original and had badly yellow stained grout. The tub/shower had been recently renovated cheaply with one of those tub inserts that covers the old tub and tile with a new one. When you stepped in the tub, you could hear the insert crunch and pop under your feet because it didn't fit the old tub properly. It was an extremely cheap makeover. While I'd rate the room as average, the bathroom was definitely worse and not appropriate for this grade of hotel. The public spaces of the hotel were fine but honestly, nothing to write home about. The hotel was very ordinary in that sense. Service was average too. No one greeted me at the curb when my cab pulled up and the front desk staff was polite but didn't try to be friendlier than was required to move things along. Finally, while this is a Starwood MANAGED property, it is not a Starwood PREFERRED GUEST property. Didn't know there was a difference? Neither did I. When I saw the Starwood logo on the hotel's web page, I just assumed it was like every other Startwood property and I'd earn points and stay credit. If you dig around on the hotel's page and find their FAQ, they explain that they don't participate in the SPG program but it's hardly obvious unless you hunt for that info. In fact, the hotel collected my SPG number when I booked the room and the stay showed up in the SPG iPhone app as an upcoming stay. Whoever owns this place is obviously extremely cheap. Not participating in the program is crazy especially when other Starwood properties are close by. If you search around the internet, you'll find plenty of others complaining that they were burned by this as well. I would have stayed at the Sheraton or W nearby had I known.