This was the worst night sleep I've ever had! The bed was supposedly a "Heavenly" mattress but was hard as a rock. I was there with a friend for a conference. We only stayed one night which was MORE than enough time. The room was so small the two of us felt a little claustrophobic! The bathroom was miniscule! The paint on the back of the bathroom door was cracked and peeling, the toilet and sink looked as though they hadn't been updated since the 40's, and there was even some hair on the floor! Gross. The only neat things about our room were the metal bottle opener on the back of the bathroom door (but it was covered in dust!), and what looked to be the original doors on the rooms. Very thick with the old locks (not working, there were two other much newer locks) but that was pretty neat. The "view" out of our room was an ugly brick wall, which we believed to be another wing of the hotel, and before we closed our curtains we realizedd that we could see into the rooms on the other side!!!! There were a few restaurants in the hotel itself, but we decided to go out somewhere else for dinner to take advantage of the Boston atmosphere. They did have a fondue restaurant which looked like it might be interesting. The staff was rather dull and boring for a Boston hotel that is part of the Historic Hotels of America. The girl who checked us in (and we both work in hotels that are part of the Historic Hotels of America so we know what we expect and what is expected of us) could not have had LESS enthusiasm. There was no inflection whatsoever in her voice, and when we asked about a room with a more comfortable bed she was less than helpful or even concerned about our plight. The concierge was not as knowledgable about restaurants (or how to walk to them) as we wanted and didn't even go to the ones she suggested!!! When we went to check out, their system was updating so they had to call us to get the credit card number that we wanted to use. We understood the whole issue of having to update the system, but it was about 10:30am when we wanted to check out and when we came back after our conference around 1pm the system was STILL down. It wasn't until we were 1/4 of the way home when we got the call to change our card number. All in all the whole experience was overly stressful, and not at all what we expected.