I lived in Back Bay Boston for 10 years as a single, so I knew this hotel's location would be excellent for taking our son to see area colleges at spring break. It's 3 blocks from Emerson College, in the theatre district, and is 1/2 block from the Arlington Street stop on the T (to get to Boston University, Boston College, and of course Fenway Park). We travel widely, so we expect rates for a standard room in a 4/5 star hotel in most cities will top $400+ a night. I was pleasantly surprised to be quoted $200 a night for a Jr. Suite during the busy tourist season of spring break. I was a little worried about what to expect ; but the hotel rating of 3 stars was on target. The room was not fancy or lavish, but it was comfortable and a good value for the space we shared. We had a king bed, a tiny dressing area, large closet, an "old-style" small bathroom, plus a stting area with a couch that pulled out to a queen bed, which was perfect for our 6-foot, 2" tall son. (This was a much better value than the Marriott or Hilton hotels at Copley Square -- where we've stayed in the past -- b/c their rooms are so tiny we needed 2 of them. We were quoted rates of $300 and $425 a night per room, respectively. I hate to pay that much when we plan to be out all day touring anyway!) Another plus are the 20+ restaurants nearby, including: * "Au Bon Pain" for breakfast, lunch, snacks - in the building; * "McCormick & Schmicks" for seafood - in the building; * Irish Pub - in the building * A short-order, no-frills place for diner-style breakfasti - across the street on the ground floor of the Park Sq Building (a great value!). * "P.F. Chang" for contemporary Asian - 1 block away. Also within walking distance are lots of things to do in Boston: * Shopping at Hermes, Vuitton, etc - 1 block * Stroll the Public Garden and ride the Swan Boats - 2 blocks * Cocktails at Ritz Hotel Bar - 2 blocks * Boutiques and Galleries on Newbury Street - 2 blocks * Beacon Hill and Charles Street - across the Public Garden * Trinity Church and Copley Square - 4 blocks * Shopping at Copley Place Mall - 5 blocks Boston is a walking city so being centrally located is important! For sights outside the city, you can pick up a car at the Budget Rental Car location at the Motor Mart Garage, 24 Park Plaza -- only 1 block away. This made it easy to drive to/from the more suburban campuses. In sum, we'd rather spend our money on fine dining and shopping than on expensive-but-tiny hotel rooms. Especially when we're so busy touring. On this kind of trip, staying at a 3-star hotel makes sense; we stay at 5-star hotels when we have more time to relax.