This hotel really missed a chance to raise its game when it was refurbished. They should have tried everything to make the bathrooms larger and to spring for much nicer fixtures. (The toilet, in particular, is unacceptable, and whoever did the grouting should be sued.) Instead they ended up with rooms that are decently sized and furnished, but with very, very tight bathrooms. Any pretense at luxury ended there for me. The safe in my room didn't work, and neither of the two phones could be used to call reception. On one phone, I could hear the person on the other end but they couldn't hear me, and the other phone had no connection to reception whatsoever. One morning, I went into the shower only to discover that housekeeping hadn't left any shampoo. (They made a mistake and left two shower gels instead.) So I came out of the shower, tried to call reception -- and couldn't. I finally resorted to using my cell phone. That has never happened to me before in any hotel I've ever stayed in. There's a "high tech" terminal where you can view your bill, order things for the room, order room service, etc. I arranged for a wake-up call, but then changed my mind about the time. Unfortunately, there was no way to change the time once it's been programmed in. And -- you guessed it -- I couldn't call reception. So I had to go downstairs to tell them in person to change my wake-up call time! I got a coupon for a half-priced continental breakfast -- $10 instead of the usual extortionate price of $20. But I'm not sure this was a bargain at all. The breakfast consisted of stale croissants and bread, poor coffee . . . frankly, I preferred going to Starbuck's on Newbury Street. W-fi- is available, but at a cost of about $10 a day. Why do hotels even charge for this service anymore, when so many of the trendy new hotels provide it for free? If you don't want to pay this, the Trident Book Store on Newbury Street has a cafe with free wi-fi. Anyway, you get the idea. Too many things botched, and not enough of a feeling of high-end luxury. The area is nice, although be aware that it's on the far end of Back Bay and a bit of a walk to the Public Gardens and Commons. There's a T-stop close by, and the Hynes Convention Center is just down the street. The Prudential Center isn't far either. Upon check out, I listed all of the things that had gone wrong. The clerk was apologetic and expressed the hope that I would stay there again. Not likely; there are many better hotels in Boston.