My husband and I stayed 3 days and 2 nights at the Eliot and have mixed reviews. Chose the property both for the elegance for the romantic getaway we sought and for the fact they were a dog-friendly hotel. Had a King suite on the 7th floor, quiet and to the side of the building. Mini bar with sink, but no ability to use refrigerator for our own beverages or no microwave for leftovers. Bathroom was like a small closet, but this likely has to do with the fact it's an old building and they put what they could where they could. The suite was pretty, comfortable sitting area, separated from the bedroom with wide french doors. But the ventilation system was LOUD, and didn't cycle on and off as the setting should have. Drowned out the TV and made sleeping difficult. In addition the mattress reminded us of lying down on a piece of cardboard and the white comforter had a dinner-plate sized yellow (urine?) stain on it. Ii expected more from a "luxury" hotel. Got a decent rate, but for the price we still had to pay $10 internet access fee and lost the access for a better part of the day. Received breakfast vouchers of $10 each good toward the $20 "breakfast buffet". Having had the most marvelous, out of this world dinner at Clio the evening before, we were looking forward to breakfast there. What a disappointment. The staff was cold and rude and difficult to understand. The buffet had bagels with no way to warm/toast them, no juice -- we had to ask for it after waiting 5 minutes or better for someone to notice us, then the waiter only brought one juice, not two and never returned to fill any glass, including the water -- my husband had to seek him out for more water, forget the juice!! The buffet the menu makes out to sound decadent was nothing more than yogurt cups on ice, some chopped up fruit, cardboard individual serving boxes of cereal, some croissants and a couple muffins to accompany the cold bagels. Very sparse and very disappointing given the price of not only the breakfast "buffet" but the accommodations as well. (no where were the "fresh baked pastries" touted on the menu... we've stayed at Hampton Inns for less than $100 a night had a hot breakfast with protein/eggs, toaster to heat bagels/muffins, plenty of available juice and more. I can' t believe for the price they can't put out a chafing dish of at least scrambled eggs... ) With over an hour yet to serve, there were no clean plates set out to replace the stack that got used meaning the patrons had to take their dirty plates back up to the buffet. The impression we got was that we were annoying the staff and they really just wanted the people remaining to leave. My husband was disappointed in what he originally saw on the buffet and ordered breakfast off the menu, but for $33 plus tip, we walked away hungry and disappointed. We did not return on our second morning there. Sadly, if this had been our first exposure to Clio restaurant, we would have never gone in for dinner and would have missed the outstanding experience with the wonderful meal we did have the evening before. (I suspect the morning service at the restaurant has nothing to do with Clio itself, it's only a place to serve the morning meal, but if I was Clio's chef, I'd be pretty upset about the impression they give of my restaurant...) Valet parking is available and we were satisfied with the service. Desk personnel were told about breakfast problems but shrugged it off and didn't offer to make amends in any way. All in all, with exception of the breakfast staff, the other staff were nice and friendly. The experience was nice for the most part and it is a lovely building with elegant surroundings. We most likely would stay there again and make the Clio dining part of the experience.