Although we had a pleasant stay at the Hilton (except for 1 MAJOR problem), I felt that I needed to write this review to inform others who might consider staying at this hotel. The lobby was pleasant enough -- a bit on the small side compared to other Hiltons that I have stayed at before. Check-in proceeded quite quickly. The reception staff were excellent and efficient. The room was pretty, but rather small. However, I was surprised that they wanted to charge a fee for internet access. At 2:30 AM, we were awakened by a very loud alarm, eminating from the room radio. A fire alarm had gone off and we were instructed to proceed to the stairwells to begin our descent. This was OK, except we were staying on the 26th floor. The other guests (quite elderly) and I (mid-50's) started the trek down. After 15 floors, we noticed that very few other guests were in the stairwell, nor was the alarm ringing on the 11th floor, where we had all stopped to rest. Attempts to reach the lobby staff were unsuccessful -- the phone kept ringing repeatedly with no pickup. I sent my stepdaughter (23) to proceed down the stairwell to check out what the problem was. She phoned me back 15 minutes later that the alarm had been a false one. I then called the lobby staff to see when the elevators would be operational again. They assured me within 5 minutes. After waiting for 20 minutes with still no elevator service, I then started my ascent up 15 stories. By the time I had reached my room, it was 4 AM. We learned from the front desk the next morning that someone had smoked in a non-smoking room on our floor and set off the alarm. I felt like this hotel had no formalized procedures in place for handing the possibility of a fire. Somehow, I wondered why they didn't have a PA system in the firewell, that could have told us that this was a false alarm, before we had trekked down so many flights of stairs. I was irritated by the front desk, lying to me, telling me that the elevators would be operational within 5 minutes. It isn't the hotel's fault that some yahoo was smoking at 2:30 AM, but the communication was lost between them & their guests. When I flew back to TX the next day, I heard from the passengers in the seat beside mine, that they had also stayed at the same Hilton. They said they had seen the fire trucks arrive and leave our hotel within 15 minutes. And their alarm never sounded on the 3rd floor, where they were staying. I think the hotel definitely needs to address this problem and revisit their contingency plan.