We booked the hotel last minute for 4th of July holidays/anniversary celebration for 1 night. To avoid dealing with additional charges, we selected "Balance" package that (according to Hyatt's website) included breakfast, valet parking for hybrid car, 2 reusable bottles and tot bag. When we arrived at the hotel, the front desk discovered that there is a massage session added to our package which they "have never seen in their lives". I guessed that it might've been because it is our anniversary but they had no idea and it was just for one person. We did receive an upgrade to a suite from a corner room - it was a great gesture by the front desk person but massage has never materialized as it had to be booked in advance with an outside party... The room was very nice and spacious with a good city views. Bedding is comfortable, bathroom amenities and towels of a standard Hyatt quality. Internet is $10 per day - even for Hyatt Gold program members. Buffet breakfast in the hotel - nothing extraordinary but good selection and good quality. Wait staff at breakfast - excellent! Dining at the only hotel restaurant was much better than expected. More on the gourmet side then your regular hotel restaurant dishes. Service in the restaurant - probably the best service in the whole hotel - very good! Health center: sauna did not work in the women's room, pool was overcrowded and had cold water, steam room - zero visibility (my husband slipped and cut his knee), no personnel at the pool or health center at all... Back to the "mystery massage package" - I ended up calling front desk who asked me how they can make up for the massage that never happened and offered a bottle of wine or champagne with a cheese platter. I selected the wine and an hour later they brought a bottle of wine with some fruits (not cheeses) and asked for a signature and asked (yes) for tips (suggesting to change a big bill we had). At check-out time - $60 charge appeared on our bill for room service - they did take it off when I related the whole story about "massage" to them, but the fact itself does not play in the hotel management favor. And we never got the reusable bottles and a tot bag that was originally included in the hotel package - they told us that "each location is different and we don't have any bottles for you"... Overall, the hotel staff seemed a bit clueless and unsure of how to serve customers. The location of the hotel is closer to Chinatown and Financial District. It is a walkable distance to the most attractions. Security within the hotel is not the best - if I was alone, as a female traveler, I would not feel safe entering the main entrance and then going to the 3rd floor on the elevator that did not have a secure hotel guest only card. If I had to stay in Boston again, I would pick a different place.