We got the Hyatt for around $200/night via Priceline's bidding system. We thought it would be terrific as it was rated four star and was located right next to the Boston Opera House (we only went to Boston to see a performance there). I should also mention we'd never been to one of the big chains of hotels. The lobby was clean, the room was kept neat, the front desk was efficient, the doormen were great. Three strikes for us: No free internet. We're budget travellers, and have yet to find a budget hotel, B&B or hostel that does not provide either a dataport, in-room or lobby wifi, or even a ratty old PC in the corner with communal web access. The Hyatt wanted $10 per day to access the internet. At $200/night, we felt we'd paid enough. The Concierge was brusque and not very helpful with our dining enquiries. Perhaps we caught her on a bad night. Perhaps she just did not understand that, unlike some, we wanted to have a say in the cuisine offered by the restaurant rather than 'just anywhere with seats'. The Financial District is dead at night. It's good for some, as it's close to touristy things during the day (Boston Common etc) but it was not for us. After our first night there, we went back online and found the nearest budget hotel. Hotel 140, in the Copley Square district, turned up for about $150/night including taxes. My god what a difference that made. All the cleanliness and great front desk of the Hyatt, with rooms that were just as functional and comfortable (the lack of a minibar and a desk covered with ads for additional fee services did not phase us) plus a coin operated laundry, much faster elevator service and, oh, FREE INTERNET. The Hyatt appeared to us to represent the standard of large chain hotels. We've learnt that we are not chain hotel people, and will look elsewhere from now on. It hit average right on the button. I would recommend this for the larger group that can get a discount, the business traveller who sleeps from 1800-0800 or anyone on a tour. For the self-guided, you can find the essential 'four star' amenities for a much better price elsewhere.