This is a big hotel, central, and civilized - prime convention territory! But no surprises. Big, comfortable rooms, nice bed (with a futon between the bottom sheet and the mattress - novel - but comfortable), well appointed bathrooms, the food's good, staff are well-trained-polite, if a little try-too-hard friendly (when I told the check-out clerk I was flying to Boston, she said "oh, send me a postcard!". Yes, of course, what was I thinking...). But this hotel is just what you'd expect from a big Hyatt in a big city, and there's nothing wrong with it. I paid about $300 which was a bit expensive for what I got, but not by much. My Hyatt status gets me free internet, tho' I'd guess it 's probably not cheap otherwise, and it worked generally ok. Tea/coffee and ipod player in the room gets plus marks, as does a big bathtub. The negatives weren't life-threatening. The hotel's been well renovated, but it's nevertheless an old big-box hotel, "mutton dressed up as lamb". The one major niggle wouldn't be a problem for most travellers. I checked before I booked that there was a pool, and what the opening hours were (from 5am). I checked again when I got to the hotel, with the front desk. And I checked once more in the hotel services booklet. Jetlag, an early flight, and a training programme, meant I was at the door of the pool at 5:00 sharp in the morning. Locked door. 5:05 still locked. I called reception, who said they'd get someone from security to come, which they did... at 5:30. So my long workout turned into a short workout and I could have stayed in bed another half an hour. And neither the receptionist nor the security guard attempted an apology. So any other lunatic early morning athletes beware. The rest of you... ignore that whinge! But more of you might be unimpressed with the "business centre" that consisted of a room of machines, all self-service with a credit card. No staff in sight and you can't charge faxes, etc, to your room - credit card swipe only. Now THAT's pissy.