We stayed at Hyatt for 7 days for $100/night through Priceline. I personally think we overpaid. I wouldn't consider this specific Hyatt a four star hotel. It's nice, but not four star hotel nice. Pros: - Location, location, location. First of all, I must note that it's very easy to navigate around Boston by foot or public transportation. Hyatt is only a block away from Boston Common, and T stations, so it's very easy to get everywhere from Hyatt. It's also very close to shops, restaurants, Dunkin Donut and CVS (I don't how many of these are in Boston, but it seems like every block has at least one of these). - Customer Service. I'm going to list this under pro and also con, and I will explain why. Concierge was very helpful, and very professional. This was our first trip to Boston, so we didn't know where to go, what to do, etc. We stopped by concierge literarly every day. They were very helpful and very patient in answering all questions we had. We especially loved Mike. We had the same lady who came and cleaned our room everyday. We met her on the first day. She was always friendly. I wish I had gotten her name. - Comfy Hyatt bed. Self explanatory. - Room size is pretty good. A lot of time when we book through discount sites, we usually end up with smaller room. We were able to fit our four suitcases in the room without any problems (we don't pack light). Cons: - For the first few days we were there, the hotel was not packed, so we were in and out of elevators fast. However, as it got crowded, elevators were very very slow. I don't know what exactly can be done about this and how this complaint may help, but this was one of the annoyance we encountered, especially when we were trying to check out with our four suitcases. It took us a while to get down to the lobby. - The lobby is NOT on the first floor. This was so confusing to us. We got to the hotel at midnight due to flight delay, and there was no door man, so it took us a while before we figured out that we had to go up to the lobby to check in. Considering I live on Tripadvisor, I should probably have been aware of this fact. My only excuse is, the long flight left me exhausted to think straight. - One of the elevators broke down while we were in it. We were stuck in an elevator for good 10 mins.Picture a very close space with a bunch of people you don't know and crying children. Despite pushing the emergency button, no one came to our rescue. The elevator door opened up to a WALL. We kept on pushing the button, until it finally opened up back to the lobby, however, we had to jump up to reach the floor since it didn't actually stop on the "right" floor if you know what I mean. Only then, the service people noticed and came running to our rescue. The elevator was then closed down for repair for the rest of our stay there. - Is there a doorman? Not sure. Sometimes there's someone there, but most of the time there wasn't. We only encountered 2, neither was friendly. They seemed to be bored perhaps they're were too cold to crack a smile. I don't need anyone opening the door for me, but it'll be nice to get a "hello" at least when you walk by them instead of them pretending you don't exist. - Bathroom is on the smaller size, however, this seems to be the trend in a lot of hotels, so even though I'm listing this under con, I'm giving this one a pass. Overall, it was a good stay. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't anything to brag about either. Will I stay there again? If the price is right, yes, sure. However, I would not pay a four star hotel price to stay here. My suggestion will be to shop around if you decide to stay here.