We stayed at this hotel in Boston because we had enough Gold Passport points to get a free night, otherwise, we wouldn't have because the going rate of $259 per night was way beyond our budget. When we arrived, we were presented with the opportunity to either valet park with in-and-out privileges for $46 per day or just use the public parking for $36 per 24 hour period. We elected to save some money by using the public parking because we did not plan to drive around the city. Otherwise, if you do plan to, the valet parking is definitely a better deal. We had no problem finding parking, but were confused when we got off of the elevator to the hotel. There were several options of where to go but no clear directions to the hotel. Eventually we figured it out, but were a little discouraged that we had to take another set of elevators to get to your room...just a little inconvenient if your just trying to get out of the hotel. Otherwise, the entrance, lobby and hallways of the hotel were very nice. The staff was almost overly perky and actually asked the same questions more than once. Overall, good though. We ended up on the 21st floor was provided some pretty decent views. The room was nice enough but nothing spectacular. If I was actually paying the regular rate, I would have been disappointed. The most disappointing part was the bathroom. Although at first glance it looked nice, once I sat down on the toilet, I noticed that there was white paint splattered all over the dark wood portions of the sink/vanity. Then when I jumped in the shower, the grout was clearly discolored. From the ceiling to about half way down the wall, it was white grout, then all of a sudden turned dark gray. It almost appears that they started re-grouting with a different color and never finished but I'm not sure if that's the case. They have a decent bar area but the drinks (of course) are pretty over priced. In the middle of the night, it got hot in our room for some reason so I called the front desk. The offered to have engineering take a look at the unit and also provide a fan. They brought the fan up within minutes and also reset our AC which seemed to have fixed the problem. Overall, I would say that we had a good experience considering we paid nothing, but I must say the bathrooms at the Holiday Inn that we stayed at the night before were cleaner than there's. I would definitely not have paid the full price to stay there.