Without trying to be too fussy, this was a very good place to stay in Boston. It is very close to Boston Common, a ten minute walk to Fanueil Hall and the a pretty good view of Boston from the upper floors. We used the T to get around since you have to pay in the self park each time you take your car out or leave it there and be charged a flat fee of $30- a night. Valet parking was $41- a night. We stayed on the 17th floor, they were working on the outside of the building and there was an annoying cable with a giant knot in it right outside our window. I guess that's just bad timing. As I read in the reivews the lobby is a little confusing, but don't let that stop you from staying here, it only took one trip outside to figure it out. The rooms were average and on the small side like most city hotels but it was fine.I guess I expected a little more from a four star hotel. The bathroom door kept closing, hitting you in the back, and that was annoying, the door also hit the curved shower rod they obviously installed long after this hotel was built. It was a very small bathroom. When we checked in I was surprised to see only two bath towels and no shampoo (there was shower gel, conditioner, and body cream). None of the soaps were added during our stay which I thought was rather cheap of the hotel. I called and asked for more bath towels and got two bath MATS....so, we just grabbed the towels from the cart we saw in the hallway on our way out. We had the buffet breakfast which was "free" with our deal and when it appeared on our bill in error it was removed but I did see the $57.60 that they normally charge for two, it would not be worth $57.60 at all!! It was a normal, nothing special breakfast buffet. All in all it was clean and in a pretty good location, so if you get a great deal, it would be fine. I just don't feel like I could tell you it was THE place to stay in Boston. We were looking for just a little more special of a place to stay and I really didn't see the difference from a three star to this four star??????