Rating: Its a wonderful location, and its insides are truly grande (in a very old fashioned kind of way)! BUT service leaves a lot to be desired (especially the staff at breakfast and housekeeping in general). Plus their really shaky internet situation was a big issue for us, so the rating is a strong 3 for me. Hotel: The Fairmont Copley Plaza Hotel. It has 383 rooms and suites and was built in 1912. An important piece of fact for you people that really do your research in advance please do note that the hotel will undergo a massive renovation ($20 million) for their centennial celebration 2012!!! So maybe not a great idea to stay there until thats done...But probably fab afterwards! It feels very large and spacious with its grande lobby. A lot of gorgeous details everywhere such as intricatley ornate celings for instance. Location: Right smack on Copley square. It is a great location to have as a starting point for most things that go around in the city. Walking distance from super shopping (both a mall + Newbury st), the Boston Symphony Orchestra hall, a lot of churches of interest, and even more good restaurants. There are also a lot of museums (both for adults and children) within easy taxi distance. Room: We had 2 rooms, 502 which is a deluxe king room + 501 which is a deluxe double bed room for our stay. The neat thing if youre travelling as a large family is that a small child can sleep in their crib the hallway that the hotel makes out of part of the corridor! The only slightly bad thing about this solution is that the "extra" doors arent exactly very tightly closed so there is a lot of noise/light coming from the corridor. The rooms are rather large, and very comfortable. Yes, the style is very old fashioned, so if you want mega modern and sleek then maybe the Mandarin Oriental is a better bet for you. The bed was insanely comfortable!!! We also liked the pillows and bedlinen. Storage room is adequate. The shower is located in the bathtub, and it only has a fixed showerhead, no hand held shower. These particular rooms do not face the park, so the view is of a wall. At first we were slightly disappointed at this fact... But we then thought that maybe it is actually better as the main streets outside are very busy and it doesnt look as if the windows are mega sound proofed. So something to consider! Lovely Miller Harris amenities! Service: In general good and courteous. You can tell that most of the employees are very proud to be serving their grande old dame. Especially the front desk/door men staff were lovely! Very helpful and friendly! Speaking of employees, they have a black Labrador Retriever in the lobby!!!! Her name is Catie Copley , 9 years old, and she is at work most of the time. She is a lovely and low key dog whom our 3-year old daughter adored. She is even available for walks if you wish which is a fantastic service to be providing!!! It really put a special touch on our stay to be greeted by a dog almost every day. Food: Nothing out of the ordinary. Breakfast was quite good, service nice but very much on the slow side and not always accurate. Private dining arrived almost on time, was good and we had no complaints. Dry cleaning: Nothing to remark on. It arrived before the deadline and ironed well. Internet: *Sigh* This was an nuisance... We had a lot of problems with the WiFi...It fluctuated like mad! One second we had excellent reception, the next none at all, and it continued in this fashion all of our stay making it very difficult to work in our rooms. They also charge quite a lot for it!!! So a great tip is to, for free, become a member of their Presidents Club and have it for free + a whole lot of other perks. Staff: In general very nice, courteous and helpful. Especially the reception/concierge/door men men and women very lovely! The staff dont always get things, or the right rooms, right though. Like for instance: * We asked for extra towels as the maid hadnt given us new ones in the morning one day. They brought us 2 pillows. * They tried to deliver clothes belonging to another guest. * Not sure how many times we had to ask at breakfast in order to get juice/tea/coffee to the right person and in right amounts. In fact breakfast is so slow that your tea will have gone cold before even the toast arrives. Just little things like that which makes you wonder a bit. In room dining: Nothing to remark on. Arrived almost on time and was good Gift shops: Multiple very nice upscale shops! Some gorgeous eveningwear and bags. Dont go into them expecting to get your magazine or snack fix though (which was a very nice feeling!), do that at the 24/7 CVS pharmacy across the square instead Things to do: There are a plethora of activities to do in Boston!!! We made sure that we visited their excellent Childrens Museum with our 3 year old. There is also a lovely Aquarium (make sure to go there early as it becomes crazy busy!) + the Museum of Science which was very interesting. Went to see/listen to their world class Boston Symphony Orchestra on several nights! Took lovely walks around the neighbourhood.