We stayed here form 5 nights from the 18th to the 23rd of August, and I have to say, the location cant be beaten:- Right on Copley Square with Newbury Street a block away, next to the Green Line T, and downtown a few blocks away to the east. The Prudential Mall is 5 minutes away, and the Common the same in the opposite direction. Also on the positives, the room was pleasant, clean and relatively spacious, and it was a very comfortable stay (the bed was fantastic). The staff are pleasant, and the air-con was more than adequate. The room (ours was on the 6th Floor) had a large closet space, which meant your room didnt need to be cluttered with cases, and contained a safe box and iron/ironing-board. Right, the bad news: The room has an extensive supply of outrageously overpriced minibar items, but no coffee or tea facilities, which is a bit of a pain. A bottle of water in the room was $8 brings new meaning to the term precious water. The cost of internet access is $14 a day, which is exuberant given internet access in a lot of hotels is free. If you are staying on the Gold Level (4th Floor) there is free WiFi, which we could access in our room and can be picked up in other areas of the hotel. Room service was a joke. We had to ring three times to get an order put through, and while the cost on the menu wasnt too different that other hotels in this range, the extra costs added on were ridiculous. on top of the menu prices there is a 18% gratuity (which when forced on you isnt really a gratuity at all, now is it?), $5 delivery charge (so whats the 18% for?) and tax. This meant we ended up paying nearly 35% more for the room service than the menu prices indicate. Fair enough, they tell you this on the menu, but it doesnt make the excess any more palatable. Naturally, we decided against room service other nights, and instead settled for stocking up on snacks from the 7-Eleven and CVS across the square. The hotel itself is quite impressive, the lobby and reception areas are more like a grand imperial hotel in Europe, and for location alone, I would probably stay here again, but my expectations would be a lot less, and room service would be off the list.