I just returned from an underwhelming experience at the Burnham, considering the glowing reviews it usually gets. Pros: Clean, comfortable bed, water was hot enough, L'Occitane en Provence soaps and shampoos, air conditioning worked well and was quiet, most of the furniture in fairly decent shape. Centrally located in the Loop across the street from Marshall Fields/Macy's, the forty bazillionth Old Navy store franchise, and surrounded by the Nordstom Rack and Walgreen's. Washington Red Line Station right outside, easy walk to Art Institute, Millennium Park, etc.. Building has an interesting history of restoration which is nicely documented on the first floor public area. Cons: I got the room via Priceline, which requests a non-smoking room but does not guarantee one - good thing, because I was stuck in a second floor smoking room (202). The air conditioner running full blast cleaned the air, but it sure stank when I first entered the room; otherwise, the hotel was sold out, so no change was possible. If you nudged the desk/table between the beds, the whole thing shook back and forth, I thought it was going to fall apart, the phone wasn't plugged in correctly, and the lamp wasn't plugged in at all. The ambient noise from the streets below might bother some people. The "complimentary Internet service" in the lobby is at the check-in desk - you stand next to the incoming clientele - no chair, not sure if it was attached to a printer. Not that this mattered, because the server only worked on the evening I arrived and not for the rest of my stay; they told me a serviceman was coming to fix it on the day I was leaving; it was obviously not a priority. Thanks to Tonya, one of the concierges, who allowed me to use her desk's computer to print out boarding passes for the trip home. And be forewarned, hotel guests have no priority at the attached Atwood Cafe - if you don't make dinner reservations you're toast. I did have breakfast the first morning I was there - greasy eggs and sausage, coffee and OJ for $19.50. The elevators in this building made the ones at the Ambassador East seem jet-propelled. Here being on the second floor was an advantage and the stairs worked fine. I wouldn't ever pay their advertised rates to stay here, and if I got the place via Priceline again, I'd sure be more proactive in ensuring satisfaction, instead of expecting the hotel to provide it outright. This place has a serious case of unwarranted smugness. Boutique shmoutique!