This hotel has some issues at the front desk. To have one person handling checkouts at prime checkout time and NO backup is very regrettable.Single file, one at a time, please. No, it is inexcusable. At check out today there was no one at the supervisory level available, only one desk clerk who was not up to the job. Allegedly the others were "in a meeting." The entrance to the hotel is poorly managed by the doorman with the result that guests are allowed to temporarily park hapazardly in the only entrance/exit for taxis and other transport. A good property manages their front door to the house better than this one. The amount of open space in front of the hotel is very limited, which makes managing the abandonment (even temporary) of vehicles in that space especially critical. The signage to get from ground level to checkin is miserable. One has no idea whether to go to floor 3 or floor 4 without spending time trying to figure it out because the brass plates on the elevator do not instantly identify which floor a new guest goes to. Hint: checkin is on 3. The restaurant is on 4, but the guest services director at the desk right in front of checkin on 3 does NOT have the menu for the day. "You'll have to up a floor, sir, and ask the hostess for the menu." So, just to find out what the restaurant serves one waits for an elevator, goes up an entire floor and wastes time. Inexcusable bad service and poor property management because it can be fixed so easily with minor attention to detail. The area in the suite bathroom dedicated to the basin, mirror, etc is extraordinarly small, narrow and cramped. There are inadequate power outlets here. A mouse would feel hump-shouldered. There is a signficant deficiency of electrical outlets all over the entire guest room except at the writing desk, which has one extra outlet mounted on the edge. The room lamps appeared tohave three-way bulbs and many of the settings are burned out, making a guest think the entire lamp doesn't work until trying different combinations of the main switch at the entrance and repeatedly pushing the switch on the lamp to find the setting that is not burned out. Inefficient, maddening and poor maintenance. Room service menu is 24 hour but heavily weighted to breakfast and sandwiches. Room service prices are, of course, extremely expensive. The food quality was above-average and delivered in a reasonable time period. Room rates are steep for the quality delivered in the room. An inexperienced traveler may think it's a quality location and hotel, but there are much better properties available to the experienced business traveler and they deliver better value. The location is first-rate, however.