Plus points first: excellent location. You can get around the city so easily on the various metro lines that are within minutes of the hotel. Minutes from the park and the Art Institute. The recent renovations have produced an historic hotel that looks very modern. The room I was allocated wasn't too small, as many historic hotel bedrooms can be. The new soft furnishings and decoration were very effective. The air conditioning efficient and unobtrusive. One of the concierges was outstanding - Diane? - everything a concierge should be. They're lucky to have her. Sadly, the three other concierges I came into contact with during my four night stay were useless. More interested in talking to each other about their families than helping me book a city tour. One young man was positively rude. Why work as a hotel concierge if you don't like the public? The breakfast service at the Lockwood Restaurant was also very poor. One of the managers was rude and dismissive when I asked for another table to the one she showed me to. I prefer not to be close to the restaurant entrance. The restaurant was virtually empty. I got a grumpy face and a surly 'what entrance?' I also like a light breakfast so on two occasions I ordered eggs and toast from the sides menu, plus coffee and juice. On each occasion I got aggressive 'you want bacon with that?' no. 'you want potatoes with that?' no. And then both questions repeated. On two different days. Are they on commission if they sell bacon and potatoes or did they just want a bigger tip on percentage terms? Who knows. But the impression was one of aggression and made for a tense atmospherere. No one wants to do tense for breakfast. Also, as a restaurant principally designed for dinner and perhaps lunch, it was a very dark space. So after two breakfast attempts, I gave up and started the day outside the hotel. This really is a beautiful hotel in a wonderful location with excellent amenities. Some intensive staff training and better monitoring of quality of service could really make it a great, not just a good hotel.