I booked this hotel through that "name your own price" website. I had wanted a 4 star hotel and this is more like a 3 1/2 star. Not the luxury I expected. I'm sure because of the way we booked our room we were not given one of the best rooms intentionally. Those are probably reserved for Hilton Rewards members and those paying top dollar, which I guess I can understand on a night the hotel is booked, but I don't believe it was the 2 nights we were there. Our room on the 12th floor had a glorious view of a brick wall. But at least we didn't have any street noise or noise from the train other reviewers have complained about. Although the room was a reasonable size, had a flat screen TV, updated decor and had a walk in closest (never had I seen this before in a hotel), the bathroom was so tiny. Like uncomfortably tiny where you are bumping into the toilet while trying to brush your teeth, etc. Not to mention, since this hotel is old there were issues with the water pressure and the hot water remaining a consistent temperature while you were in the shower. These are not issues I would have expected to have to deal with from a 4 star hotel. There was no minibar in our room or coffee maker, but since there was a Starbucks downstairs I would have gone down there anyway. Although I appreciate the close and convenient proximity of the self-park, it was some of the most expensive parking I found in all of Chicago; $44 self-park and $62 to valet per night. They were not that forthcoming at check-in about the location of the self-park garage (even though it ended up being right across the street) because they were pushing you to valet. I would strongly suggest to anyone that they bite the bullet and just self-park to save yourself some money, because it was not a hassle at all. There was really nothing outstanding about this hotel that would bring me back. Yes, the lobby is beautiful and I would recommend to anyone going and checking it out, even if you do not end up staying at this hotel. We had several drinks in the lobby bar and rather enjoyed the ambiance the lobby provided. But this alone would not be enough reason for me to recommend this hotel. To someone that is not used to staying in nicer hotels, this would probably be fine. But like I said, I just expected more. Better customer service, better amenities, a better room and just a better overall experience.