This was our first stay in downtown Chicago and my husband booked this weekend for "fun" to relax. The Palmer House sounded nostalgic and elegant. We looked forward to this "reward" stay through the Hilton honors program as my husband achieved Diamond status this year from frequent travel. We looked forward to the perk of the executive lounge and the on-site Balance Spa. Upon arrival, we pulled into the self-park (entrance located on Wabash) under the hotel and were directed to a spot...but then the attendant disappeared. The signage to the hotel elevator/entrance was not very good in the structure. It seemed a little confusing. Next, at the check-in desk, the staff was business-like but no warm greetings or smiles. Anticipating a room upgrade, we were slightly disappointed in our 1st room on the 15th floor. Although told it was recently renovated, the ceilings in the hallway were noticeably low and the room was TINY. When my husband, who is on the taller side, asked for a different room, we were given a corner room on the 9th floor (Wabash St. side of the building). Let me say the room was beautiful and huge BUT it was right next to the train...which was downright loud when you are only a few stories away. Since our key would not work for the lounge access (they must have forgot), we had to go back to the check-in anyway..so I mentioned the loud train, and asked if there was any rooms available on the executive level. There were. I cannot help but wonder why we were not given the Diamond upgrade immediately when the hotel was not full capacity? Does Diamond status mean anything? Shouldn't Hilton brand loyalty be recognized? Anyway, the executive lounge added a little pampering to our weekend and we enjoyed the snacks. In fact, the only staff of Palmer House that seemed at all happy were there (excluding the bartender). Don't waste any $ on specialty drinks as they were very poor quality, very little alcohol and VERY expensive...stick with wine/beer. We found a very nice place on Wabash St. steps from the hotel called Miller's Pub that had Guinness on tap. Overall, the Palmer House delivered on atmosphere. The regal foyer was beautiful and the historic photographs and trivia in different places I found very interesting. I loved the Thomas Roth toiletries and the spa treatments were awesome. ( I had a massage and pedicure.) The fitness center was huge and well equipped but the pool area was disappointing. It seemed smaller than the photo and the hot tub looked ancient and had a ring around the water-line. Not very impressive for such a high-end hotel. In the end, we enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House but hope that this is not what to expect from Hilton (in terms of service/friendliness) in future stays.