We were very excited for our stay at the Palmer House in downtown Chicago as we had heard wonderful things about it. Our stay started off very rocky. We called ahead to make arrangements for the room because we were going to arrive very late (after 11:00 pm) with three small children (7, 5 & 1). We spoke with a woman at the front desk and asked that we have a pack n play or crib ready in the room. I was told "no problem". I also asked if they had down pillows or comforters. I was told that yes they did. I asked if one of the beds have the down removed. She replied "Would you like us to make the entire room down-free? That would be no problem." I told her that would be wonderful. Upon our arrival at about 11:10 I asked the man working the front desk if they had prepared the room for us with a crib and removal of the down comforters and pillows. He said that they had not, but did see that the request was noted on our reservation. He said they'd have someone up right away. We went to our room and did our best to settle in given that we could not put our baby in a crib. We removed the down pillows and comforterfrom one bed and put them in a pile while we waited for housekeeping to arrive. After 20 minutes I attempted to call the front desk from the phone located between the beds. The front desk answered and I asked for a status update on the cribs and pillows. I received no answer and the front desk hung up. About 10 seconds later, I received a call from the front desk asking if I had received the materials I requested. I stated that I had not, but then the man at the front desk hung up. It became apparent to me that they could not hear me and that the phone receiver must be broken. They called back right away and I answered the phone on the desk (thankfully they had two phones). The man at the front desk seemed shocked that they had not yet delivered the crib and pillows and said that they would be up right away. I also informed him that the phone between the beds was apparently not working. (The defective phone was not replaced during our stay). 15 minutes later we received a knock on the door. They had brought the crib, but no pillows. We informed housekeeping that we had also asked for a down-free room. They left and came back about five minutes later with the pillows. So, we got off to a rocky start to say the least. (Note: a previous review stated that the Palmer House charged extra for a crib. That was not the case for our stay as the crib was free). The room itself was ok. Not very big, but that's to be expected in downtown Chicago. It seemed a bit dated with a tube TV. The heating/cooling was not the best. We had to turn the thermostat down to the coldest setting possible just so we didn't burn up. We also cracked the window to cool it down a bit. (It was 29 degrees outside). The lobby was BEAUTIFUL! There were many people just lounging around having drinks and taking in the beauty of the place. The location was GREAT! It was just across from Milennium Park. There was a Starbucks, Corner Bakery, McDonalds and Dunkin Donuts all right there for breakfast. We were also very close to the El, which was great for hitching a ride to the north end of the Magnificent Mile, but it was quite loud. The Concierge was helpful providing directions and a map of downtown. Unfortunately, the Palmer House charged an arm and a leg for internet and offered wired only in the room. Too bad iPad/iPhone users. I utilized the 3G on my cell phone instead. Not sure why these older hotels don't get with the times. Strange that your cheaper hotels include internet for free. I guess if you're willing to pay for an expensive hotel, you don't mind the extra for internet (and parking for that matter, which was not cheap). On day two we checked out the swimming pool. It was a decent size and had both a shallow and deep end. Unfortunately, someone had detached the safety rope dividing these two sections making it too easy to meander to the sloped part of the pool on the way to the deep end. Not the safest thing for kids. The water was warm enough. They seemed to have a bit of a drainage problem on the pool deck as there was a LOT of standing water that was very cold. They had plenty of towels for guests to use and a number of chairs and tables. We didn't try the restaurant and opted instead for delivery from Giordano's Pizza. Overall, we had a nice stay, but it was not nearly as good as previous stays in downtown chicago. I do not think we'll be back.