I booked this hotel on a discount website, not knowing exact hotel, only general location before I booked. Having said that, I guess I am satisfied, considering the rate I got. However, booking through this website did not guarantee a specific room, and when I arrived, I was told that there were only smoking rooms still available. Much to my surprise, in Illinois there can still be smoking rooms at hotels. We are clearly NOT smokers, and I'm not sure if I was taken or not, but we were offered an upgrade for $49/night for a king non-smoking room on the Executive Level. Observing our hesitancy to upgrade (remember, I booked the room at a discount rate for a reason), we were quickly offered another room on the Executive Level for $39/night. Detesting the smell of cigarette smoke, I went ahead and took the upgrade and still paid less than the advertised rate. The hotel itself is beautiful, nistoric etc., and in an ok location, down near Grant & Millenium Park, and is close to bus routes that will take you to Michigan Avenue, Navy Pier, etc. However, being woke up at midnight because of a woman in the next room pleading with someone to not go out displeased me. Having heard her in normal conversation earlier in the day and clearly understanding her every word I realized that the walls were very thin, and feared that this would become a problem later in the evening. I was right. Second negative on the hotel was the size of the bathroom. There was NO counter space, whatsoever, and only 1 standing spot in the tiny bath. Third negative....no free wi-fi, no free exercise room....it all cost extra. Oh, on the executive floor, there are two computers to use, and that served our purpose for our weekend trip. Another negative for some....near the train, so you can hear every one that goes by...even on the 23rd floor, but that noise didn't bother us nearly as much as the aforementioned female in the next room. Executive Level guests get free continental breakfast every morning...too many carbs for me...went elsewhere....and hors d'oeuvres every evening.....which was a nice touch. Free non-alcoholic beverages 24/7 to Executive Level guests, and private bar service on the 23rd floor (not free, obviously, but convenient). Overall, I guess if I knew all of what I have said upfront, and was paying the going rate for this hotel, I would go elsewhere. The circumstances being what they were, it was ok for the weekend.