We stayed at The Palmer House Hilton over the 10th anniversary of 9/11 while my wife ran in the 15th Annual Chicago Half Marathon. We and another couple ended up at the Palmer because our choices were limited due to the enormous volume of marathon participants in town. We chose not to stay somewhere outside of the city and have to commute in and out. While we may be able to afford the occasional stay at $200+ per night hotel, we typically choose to stay at more reasonably priced places. This particular hotel stay is a prime example of why... The Palmer House Hilton is a historical building with a beautiful lobby. There are other nice features, such as the multitude of black and white portraits lining the hallways. These portraits of of the many stars that have played the hotel's Empire Room in years past. Pretty cool... But, of course, we didn't sleep in the lobby or the hallway. Instead, we slept in a room on the 12th floor that I would call simply, underwhelming. I've slept in $120 rooms at the Holiday Inn Express and other similar hotels across the mid-west that were every bit as comfortable and well adorned as this room. I will say that this room was a bit bigger than those at the other hotels I mentioned, but our friends' room was about the same size as the ones at those other, cheaper hotels. In truth, the extended size of our room served only to increase the distance between our bed and the small, tube-screen television, making it appear even smaller. If our bathroom was an inch smaller in any direction, quite literally, they wouldn't have been able to fit a tub, sink and toilet into it. It was clean, but just plain awkward. The room our friends were in across the hallway had a less awkward bathroom and reasonable floor space. HOWEVER, their room came with a dirty XXXL t-shirt laying between the bed pillows on one of their two double beds. Yuk. A call to the front desk, prompted a visit to their room from a housekeeping manager who appeared irritated that this had happened and offered suitable compensation. HOWEVER, the manager chewed the maid a new one (if you get my meaning) in front of us all while the maid argued with her, swearing that she had changed the bed in question. (Awkward! And, um, no you did not!) So, the manager leaves the maid to change the bedding. After the manager was out of sight, the maid proceeds to reprimand our friends for calling the front desk instead of hunting her down and telling her personally!!! She also told them that the manager was new and "not good". I'm sorry, but I'm thinking the previous manager was the "not good" one and was replaced with a better one. Now this slacker employee doesn't like her new manager because she can no longer get away with skimping on her duties. Anyway, the moral of my story is, anyone can walk in off the street without paying a dime and enjoy the view in the lobby of a hotel like this one. But paying $200+ to stay in a room that you can get elsewhere at half the price just doesn't make sense to me. Summary - Beautiful exterior and lobby. Expensive rooms with little benefit. Questionable maid service. Convenient location in the city. .