We stayed at the Palmer House for the first time since it's been renovated, so it's been a few years. We usually stay at Kimpton properties while in Chicago - good rates, friendly staff, the wine hour. But we were going to Lollapalooza, which was only a couple of blocks up Monroe, and I got a decent rate on the Executive floor with self-park included. The hotel has been beautifully redone. The check-in was efficient and friendly. We got to our room - no mini bar. That drives me crazy, personally. Not that I ever use it, but we do like to stuff our leftovers in the fridge! I was not going to pay for a fridge to come to the room. Also - no free internet. I may be crazy, but as a silver HHonors member I believe I had free internet before. You can go to a Hampton and get it - why not the Palmer house? Ugh. The room was nice. Small, but nice. Bed was comfy, they usually are at Hilton properties. The bartender in the executive lounge had no clue on how to make a martini with a lemon twist - my husband ended up with a lime after she asked if he wanted olives. One evening we stopped at the lobby bar, Potter's, for drinks before going to bed, and the bartender had no idea what I was asking for - a wine that was on their somewhat limited by the glass list. I had to point it out. Also - for whatever reason they were not allowing carry out of food that evening. And they were a bit abrupt telling people about it. We had our drink and went upstairs where we had a bottle of wine waiting. When it was time to check out I called the bell desk to have them get our bags - we were going to do some shopping before leaving the city. I was asked (also abruptly) "are you ready?". NO. I always call the bell desk when I'm not ready. Then he went to the wrong room. He had to go back downstairs and find out where he was supposed to be going. When we came back for our bags I was told that I couldn't have them until my husband was in front of the hotel with the car. OK. So when he got there, there was a huge line. I finally got my turn, and the bellman who had my luggage moved so s-l-o-w-l-y that I almost grabbed the cart myself. Then he just stood there and let my husband load the car! Ugh. Anyway, it was an ok stay, we've had worse in better places. But we were disappointed in little things. Next time we will be back at a Kimpton property.