My adult daughter and I stayed here 4 days in April. I had a good rate so maybe my expectations weren't as high as they would have been had I paid over $200 (the quoted rate for that weekend). As everybody else has said this lobby is gorgeous. We sat in the lobby a couple of nights for drinks. It was crowded and the waiter came over to take our drink order. I asked for a Martini menu and he said, "We don't have one." I found out the next day, indeed they did and was given the menu. No big deal, just that he didn't want to be bothered and knew he'd have plenty of drink orders since it was crowded. Check in was quick, with not many people in line. I asked for a room with 2 beds and that was no problem. I got to the room and it was a nice size with a nice bathroom. It had been recently redecorated/remodeled. It had a very European feel. Doorknobs were antique and the furniture art-deco. Televisions are not flat screen, but that didn't bother us. Internet was listed @ $15 per day. Gym cost $10 pp per day. We used the swimming pool and hot tub on the 8th floor. They were just o.k. The hot tub was really old and not very clean, This area needs some serious updating! The first night (Friday) there were people in the next room partying and LOUD. You could hear exactly what they were saying:( We thought it would stop but it didn't . I called downstairs and they said they call them and take care of it. NOT. I banged on the wall, they banged back but it stopped. (12:30 a.m.) The last night Sunday night, around 11p.m,. someone in the hall was banging loudly on a door across the hall from our room. It went on for nearly an hour. My daughter opened our door and a lady said, "Sorry, my daughter has locked us out" After nearly another half hour, I got up and went to check and there were two security officers unscrewing the safety lock to access the room!!! Once they got in, they left pretty quickly so I supposed nothing concerned them. It did however concern our night's sleep. This whole scene should have been handled differently. Two of three nights sleep disturbed:( I ordered room service for breakfast and it was wonderful: food, service and price! The location of Palmer House is excellent. One block to the Art Institute, walking distance to Macy's, and lots of shopping. I did take a cab to the shopping areas near the central part of Michigan Ave (Magnificent Mile) Only $5. The bus system looked easy and safe. Next time I'll use it. I did take the El Orange Line from Midway and was surprised at how easy, safe, and clean it was. Cost was $ 2.25 and dropped me right at the door of Palmer House. Used it going back too. It took about 25 minutes which was probably faster than a cab. People everywhere were so helpful and friendly all over Chicago. One of the highlights was Garrett's popcorn!!! YUM!!! We ate at Miller's Pub, Beef and Burgundy, and Gage. All these are less than a block from the hotel. I'd stay here again IF I got a cheap rate. Otherwise other places I've stayed in Chicago are better.